 Shirvan Shahlu (Persian: شيروان شاهلو‎ also Romanized as Shīrvān Shāhlū; also known as Shīravān Shāmnū) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 35 families.
 Chayly is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Gavdar (Persian: گاودار‎ also Romanized as Gāvdār) is a village in Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 14 families.
 Piskarki [pisˈkarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 135.
 Gustawów [ɡusˈtavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Fałków 33 km (21 mi) south-west of Końskie and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 160.
 Aliabad-e Avval (Persian: علي اباداول‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Avval; also known as ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 69 families.
 Yaylapınar is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 367 people.
 Tazehabad-e Marivani (Persian: تازه ابادمريواني‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Marīvānī) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nayjuk (Persian: نايجوك‎ also Romanized as Nāyjūk and Nayjook; also known as Nahīn and Nājiūk) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 89 families.
 Jarząbkowice [jaʐɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowice within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pawłowice 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Pszczyna and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 627.
 Malgammana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Stary Budzisław [ˈstarɨ buˈd͡ʑiswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Grzymalin [ɡʐɨˈmalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Miłkowice 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Legnica and 68 kilometres (42 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Krośnice 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Milicz and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Smólsko Małe [ˈsmulskɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 176.
 Cheshmeh-ye Yahya (Persian: چشمه يحيي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Yaḥya) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bandholi (बन्धोली) is a village in Gwalior district situated at a distance of 6 km from Murar on Gwalior-Behat road.
 Ballé is a village and seat of the commune of Dogofry in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
 Arıkaya is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 677 people.
 Ilandža (Serbian Cyrillic: Иланџа) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Alibunar municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population is 1727 (2002 census).
 Engelbrechtsmünster is a village in Bavaria Germany now part of the municipality of Geisenfeld. It lies near the Ilm river.
 Struniawy [struˈɲavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Goworowo 15 km (9 mi) south of Ostrołęka and 90 km (56 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Fatoma is a village and commune in the Cercle of Mopti in the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune contains 24 villages and in 2009 had a population of 24595. The village of Fatoma lies 10 kilometres north of Sévaré.
 Damdameh (Persian: دامدامه‎ also Romanized as Dāmdāmeh) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 18 families.
 Powalice [pɔvaˈlit͡sɛ] (formerly German Petershagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Sławoborze 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Świdwin and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Finam is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2993 and had 580 houses in the town.
 Baldwinowice [baldvinɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Belmsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepłowody within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Ciepłowody 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 56 kilometres (35 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nova Vas is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D301 highway.
 Neva (Persian: نوا‎ also Romanized as Nevā and Navā; also known as Nuva) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 48 families.
 Bacijevce is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 98 people.
 Seh Korreh (Persian: سه کره‎ also known as Seh Korreh-ye Soflá) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 41 families.
 Zeyn ol Din (Persian: زين الدين‎ also Romanized as Zeyn ol Dīn Zeyn Ad Dīn and Zeyn od Dīn) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 89 families.
 Chromakowo [xrɔmaˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Żuromin and 121 km (75 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Wierzchowiny [vjɛʂxɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Zamość and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tarati (Urdu: تراٹی) is a village in Narali Union Council Gujar Khan Tehsil Rawalpindi District Punjab Pakistan. Tarati lies at the heart of the Pothohar cultural region. The area has considerable natural resources in the form of petroleum and natural gas.It is approximately 45 kilometres southeast of Islamabad the capital of Pakistan
 Šuljci (Cyrillic: Шуљци) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wardzyn [ˈvard͡zɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Brójce and 19 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lavar-e Jamil (Persian: لاور جميل‎ also Romanized as Lāvar-e Jamīl) is a village in Harang Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wymysłów [vɨˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kobiele Wielkie 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 90 km (56 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kenazaq (Persian: كنازق‎ also Romanized as Kenāzaq; also known as Kenāzeh) is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 13 families.
 Dizaj Khalil (Persian: ديزج خليل‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj Khalīl and Dīzaj-e Khalīl; also known as Dīza-Khalīl Dizeh and Dizeh Khalīl) is a village in Guney-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2941 in 842 families.
 Czarnocin [t͡ʂarˈnɔt͡ɕin] is a village in Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czarnocin. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1300.
 Ponnal is a village in Rangareddy district in the Telangana region of Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamirpet mandal. This village is 28 km away from Secunderabad & 38 km from Hyderabad. It is 3 km away from Outer Ring Road. The village is covered with green trees. So it will be good to visit to get refreshed from the concrete jungle. A famous temple was located in Ponnal forest known as GANDI CHITTARAMMA TEMPLE.
 Kalateh-ye Reza (Persian: كلاته رضا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Reẕā) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bundi (Persian: بوندي‎ also Romanized as Būndī; also known as Bondī) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 36 families.
 Krishnapur is a village in Jaunpur district of Uttar Pradesh India. This village falls in the Badlapur tehesil of Jaunpur. Krishnapur is situated on the right hand side bank of river Gomati.Location of Krishnapur: Actual location of Primary Entry Point of Krishnapur village is- Latitude 25.960668479926042 Longitude 82.52148628234863.This village is beautiful because of magnificent view of river Gomati and a Shiva Temple.
 Saint-André-du-Lac-Saint-Jean is a village municipality in Quebec Canada.
 Shavand (Persian: شوند‎; also known as Shāhvand and Shāhvend) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 978 in 232 families.
 Podkrólówek [pɔtkruˈluvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Berbar (Persian: بربار‎ also Romanized as Berbār) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 28 families.
 Dokumacılar is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 467 people.
 Drożejowice [drɔʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Skalbmierz 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Kazimierza Wielka and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hashtrud Station (Persian: ايستگاه هشترود‎ – Īstgāh-e Hashtrūd) is a village and railway stations in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Kajuiyeh (Persian: كجوييه‎ also Romanized as Kajūīyeh; also known as Kowjū’īyeh) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 59 families.
 Kazpınarı is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 572 people.
 Salmanabad (Persian: سلمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Salmānābād; also known as Salmānābād-e Gonbagī) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 51 families.
 Nowe Kłudno [ˈnɔvɛ ˈkwudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Palavayal is a village in the eastern hilly areas of Kasaragod district in the Indian state of Kerala.Palavayal consists of small villages like Odakkolly Chavaragiri and Thayyeni. Palavayal is separated from another town Pulingome (Separated by Tejaswini River and connected by a bridge across this River) which is in Kannur District. The population was 10340 at the 2001 Indian census.
 Juryszewo [jurɨˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Radzanowo 10 km (6 mi) east of Płock and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 210.
 Tappeh Goji (Persian: تپه گجي‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Gojī Tappeh Kojī Tappeh-ye Gorg Tappeh Gachī and Tepe Gurg) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 821 in 171 families.
 Kijewo Królewskie [kiˈjɛvɔ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] (German: Königlich Kiewo) is a village in Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kijewo Królewskie. It lies 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Chełmno 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Toruń and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The name of the village means Royal Kijewo.
 Kahnanzeh (Persian: كهنان زه‎ also Romanized as Kahnānzeh; also known as Kahanzeh and Kahnazeh) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kus Anbar (Persian: كوس عنبر‎ also Romanized as Kūs ‘Anbar) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 47 families.
 Borgang is a small village in Sonitpur district in the state of Assam of North East India.Originally there was a Tea Planters Club called Behali Club which had a billiard room and several tennis courts situated on Borgang Tea Company land which was sold to the Catholic Church who made it into a hospital .There is a full-fledged hospital called Catholic Hospital established and run by Christian missionaries. Fr. Cherian Moolamattam is the Director of the hospital.
 Bayat is a village in the District of Ayaş Ankara Province Turkey.
 Banya is a village in Razlog Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Chinnaiahgaripalli (CG Palli or Chinnai) is a small village in Mydukur Mandal Kadapa District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Łosiniec [wɔˈɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Podule [pɔˈdulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Laz is a village in Montenegro near Nikšić.
 Węgorzewo [vɛnɡɔˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kiszkowo 23 km (14 mi) west of Gniezno and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Niwa Odechowska [ˈniva ɔdɛˈxɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hendavaneh-ye Pordesar (Persian: هندوانه پردسر‎ also Romanized as Hendavāneh-ye Pordesar; also known as Hendavāneh-ye Desar) is a village in Kenar Sar Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 572 in 173 families.
 Tasbapauni is a seacoast hamlet in Nicaragua 45 miles north of Bluefields. The main ethnic groups are Creole and Miskito.Local residents have made fortunes reselling cocaine bundles which wash ashore after going overboard from Colombian drug runner speedboats. They have nicknamed the bundles white lobster.Tasbapauni is a rich community in natural resources: lumber lobster turtle etc.
 Gadki [ˈɡatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice in Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Drużbice 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Bełchatów and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jaanikeste is a village in Räpina Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Kotunia [kɔˈtuɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Słupca and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lisovo is a village in the municipality of Svilengrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Aogashima (青ヶ島村 Aogashima-mura ) is a village located in Hachijō Subprefecture Tokyo Metropolis Japan.
 Kashentsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Maku (Persian: مكو‎ also Romanized as Makū and Makku; also known as Makon and Mākūyeh) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zbyczyn [ˈzbɨt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.It lies on the district road on the way up to the national road 48 approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sieciechów 17 km (11 mi) east of Kozienice and 91 km (57 mi) south-east of Warsaw.↑
 Skorki [ˈskɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Somianka 12 km (7 mi) west of Wyszków and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Metaljka (Cyrillic: Метаљка) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jangalabad-e Pain (Persian: جنگل ابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Jangalābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Jangalābād) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 75 families.
 Żabka [ˈʐapka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Olszówka Pilczycka [ɔlˈʂufka pilˈt͡ʂɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Słupia 28 km (17 mi) south-west of Końskie and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 100.
 Deh Shahi (Persian: ده شاهي‎ also Romanized as Deh Shāhī) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 23 families.
 A. Upparahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Malur taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Helizabad (Persian: هليز آباد‎ also Romanized as Helīzābād and Halīzābād; also known as Halīābād) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 95 families.
 Podkałek [pɔtˈkawɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sulejów 8 km (5 mi) east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Niměřice is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Nezamabad (Persian: نظام اباد‎ also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād) is a village in Khesht Rural District Khesht District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 63 families.
 Vilez is a village in the municipality of Zall-Bastar in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Gornje Trebešinje is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 213 people.
 Dasht-e Dera Balverdi (Persian: دشت درابلوردي‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Derā Balverdī; also known as Borj-e Dasht Darreh Burj Dasht-i-Dera Dasht Darā and Dasht-e Derā) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 16 families.
 Przodkowo Działki [pʂɔtˈkɔvɔ ˈd͡ʑau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) east of Przodkowo 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 22 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 901.
 Qorbani (Persian: قرباني‎ also Romanized as Qorbānī) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Donje Trnjane is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 289 people.
 Lagmamdha Guthi often shortened to 'Lagma' is a Village Development Committee (VDC) in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3726 people living in 663 individual households.
 Chahal Gazer (Persian: چهل گذر‎ also Romanized as Chahal Gaẕer) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 22 families.
 Oore is a village in Tori Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Gospódka [ɡɔsˈputka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Singra Rajapara is a village in Kamrup rural district situated near north bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Prošići is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hoseynabad-e Eqbal (Persian: حسن اباداقبال‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Eqbāl) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 25 families.
 Karkowo [karˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Chociwel 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 335.
 Fatausi is a village on the north east coast of Savai'i Island in the Independent State of Samoa.This small village sits between the villages of Fogapoa to the north and the larger village of Fusi to the south. These three villages and the village of Tuasivi further north together form the traditional sub-district of Safotulafai an area of historical cultural and political significance in Samoa's history.
 Siddeburen (Gronings: Sibboeren or Siddeboeren) is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of Slochteren about 10 km southwest of Delfzijl.Siddeburen was a separate municipality until 1826 when it was merged with Slochteren.
 Rã Bản is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Limu Chah (Persian: ليموچاه‎ also Romanized as Līmū Chāh and Limoo Chah; also known as Līmūchā Limucha and Lunichi) is a village in Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 638 in 201 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفرآباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 20 families.
 Poręba [pɔˈrɛmba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 127 km (79 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Aqcheh Kand (Persian: اقچه كند‎ also Romanized as Āqcheh Kand Āqcheh Kan Āqjā Kand Āqjeh Kand; also known as Ak-Dzhakand) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 61 families.
 Khosrowabad (Persian: خسرواباد‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Suhovo (Bulgarian: Сухово) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It covers an area of 2.899 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 131 people.
 Kahriz (Persian: كهريز‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 35 families.
 Karadagi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Savanur taluk of Haveri district in Karnataka.
 Prakasamnagar is situated in East Godavari district in Rajahmundry region in Andhra Pradesh State.
 Boleścice [bɔlɛɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sędziszów 15 km (9 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 370.
 Venai (Persian: ونایی‎ also Romanized as Venā’ī; also known as Vahā’ī) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 27 families.
 Ashayir-e Afrashteh (Persian: عشايرافراشته‎ also Romanized as ʿAshāyīr-e Āfrāshteh) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Genow (Persian: گنو‎ also Romanized as Ganoo; also known as Āb Garm-e Genow and Āb Garm-e Genū) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 72 families.
 Chudoba [xuˈdɔba] (German Kudoba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Kluczbork and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 790.
 Zawada-Piaski [zaˈvada ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Baruchowo 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 60.
 El Salto del Hanabanilla also known as Hanabanilla is a Cuban village and consejo popular (popular council i.e. hamlet) of the municipality of Manicaragua Villa Clara Province. The village is a mountain resort famous for the homonym lake.
 Howards Grove is a village in Sheboygan County Wisconsin United States. The population was 3188 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Sheboygan Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Borowe [bɔˈrɔvɛ] (formerly German Burau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowa within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Iłowa 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Żagań and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 450.
 Kordab (Persian: كرداب‎ also Romanized as Kordāb) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 49 families.
 Grabówka [ɡraˈbufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Milicz and 44 kilometres (27 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mianju Ahmadabad (Persian: ميان جواحمداباد‎ also Romanized as Mīānjū Aḩmadābād) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 38 families.
 Kuhbijar (Persian: كوه بيجار‎ also Romanized as Kūhbījār) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 716 in 206 families.
 Gałów [ˈɡawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Miękinia 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Środa Śląska and 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Łętowo [wɛnˈtɔvɔ] (formerly German Lantow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) southeast of Sławno and 176 km (109 mi) northeast of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 292.
 Suz (Persian: سوز‎ also Romanized as Sūz) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tagajõe is a village in Tudulinna Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kayıkiraz is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 59 people.
 Malekshan-e Sofla (Persian: ملكشان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Malekshān-e Soflá and Malakshān-e Soflá; also known as Malakshān and Malekshān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Abidar Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 17 families.
 Lścin [lɕt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Çataklı is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Kashanak (Persian: كاشانك‎ also Romanized as Kāshānak) is a village in Khalazir Rural District Aftab District Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 110 families.
 Drygulec [drɨˈɡulɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wojciechowice 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Opatów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 375.
 Bozpar (Persian: بزپر‎; also known as Būzpar Poshtpā and Pusht-i-Pa) is a village in Eram Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1267 in 224 families.
 Dąbrówka Osuchowska [dɔmˈbrufka ɔsuˈxɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Czermin 10 km (6 mi) west of Mielec and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 340.
 Mostki [ˈmɔstki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Sompolno 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Konin and 114 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Drzewice [dʐɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Okonek 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Złotów and 136 km (85 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 70.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Anjirabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2808 in 753 families.
 Abrizak (Persian: ابريزك‎ also Romanized as Ābrīzaḵ) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aşağıkuzören is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 133 people.
 Lokur [[]]  .
 Nuk (Persian: نوك‎ also Romanized as Nūk) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 43 families.
 Kifteh (Persian: كيفته‎ also Romanized as Kīfteh; also known as Kīfleh) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1025 in 214 families.
 Doły [ˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Maszty [ˈmaʂtɨ] (German: Masten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Zingalaing is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma. It is located to the south of Kalaymyo.
 Gorzyce [ɡɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Nowy Żmigród 14 km (9 mi) south of Jasło and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Giełczew-Doły [ˈɡʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛf ˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 123.
 Koila is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Łęka [ˈwɛnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Stanisławów 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 31 km (19 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Seetharampoor also called Madharam (according to Grampanchayat) is one of the villages of Parkal Mandal of Warangal District Andhra Pradesh India.It is 2 km far from Parkal and 40 km far from Warangal.People of this village are having different cultures. They all do agriculture.The largest community here is Munnuru Kepu (Telangana)and the 2nd largest community here is Yadava (Golla).Literacy percentage is increasing day by day here.
 Strogoborzyce [strɔɡɔbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radwanice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Radwanice 13 km (8 mi) west of Polkowice and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Skotniki [skɔtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Zgierz and 8 km (5 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 398.
 Leśniów Wielki [ˈlɛɕɲuf ˈvjɛlki] (formerly German Lessen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwieńsk within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Czerwieńsk and 15 km (9 mi) west of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 536.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 9 families.
 Jałowiec [jaˈwɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Unterwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Ryjewo 10 km (6 mi) north of Kwidzyn and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Liedakkala is a village in the municipality of Keminmaa in Lapland in north-western Finland.
 Zezuty [zɛˈzutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Olsztynek and 20 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Guzik (Persian: گوزيك‎ also Romanized as Gūzīk) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 32 families.
 Gotalovo is a village in Gola Koprivnica-Križevci County in northeastern Croatia. Its population in 2001 was 404.
 Shahdad Shahiki (Persian: شهدادشهيکي‎ also Romanized as Shahdād Shahīkī) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Abbasabad-e Eyshabad (Persian: عباس ابادعيش اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e ʿEyshābād; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Evci is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Pelyandar (Persian: پلياندر‎ also Romanized as Pelyāndar; also known as Piliyandar) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 16 families.
 Ahmadabad-e Almasaki (Persian: احمدآباد الماسکی ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 10 families.
 Åsskard is a village and a former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village of Åsskard is located at the innermost part of the Åsskardfjorden in the western part of Surnadal Municipality about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northwest of the village of Sylte. The village is the site of Åsskard Church.The former municipality of Åsskard (historically spelled Aasgaard) included the area around the Åsskardfjorden north of the Hamnesfjorden and east of the Trongfjorden.
 Somanatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sleemanabad is a village in Madhya Pradesh India approximately 62 km from Jabalpur and 32 km from Katni.
 Ninase is a village in Mustjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.The Saaremaa Harbour is located in Ninase.
 Hesar-e Sorkh (Persian: حصارسرخ‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Sorkh) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 45 families.
 Brzeście [ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Żórawina and 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Desine is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradište Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 717 people.
 Żuk Nowy [ˈʐuk'-nɔvɨ] (Ukrainian: Новий Жук Novyi Zhuk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Harasiuki 20 km (12 mi) east of Nisko and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 60.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف آباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād and Sharafābād) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 15 families.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 37 families.
 Nagan (Persian: ناگان‎ also Romanized as Nāgān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 24 families.
 Żuki [ˈʐukʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Sierpc and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ivaj (Persian: ايوج‎ also Romanized as Īvaj) is a village in Farsesh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 58 families.
 Jarrahi (Persian: جراحي‎ also Romanized as Jarrāḥī) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 26 families.
 Yörenler is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Yadamari is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Yadamari is a mandal and a religious place. This town has triveni sangamam where three rivers are meeting at one place. A river coming from Keenatipalle another coming from Gudiyattahm and the third coming from Guttakindapalle. These three rivers meet at Yadamari and there are three temples on the banks of the river making it a holy place.
 Bard Gap (Persian: بردگپ‎) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Boneh Deraz (Persian: بنه دراز‎ also Romanized as Boneh Derāz; also known as Bonderāz) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 56 families.
 Pärna is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Łukiany [wuˈkʲanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Zabłudów and 14 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 40.
 Gurab Dagchi (Persian: گوراب دگچي‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb Dagchī; also known as Dagchī) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 18 families.
 Bonkuy-e Hasanlu (Persian: بنكوي حسن لو‎ also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Ḩasanlū) is a village in Efzar Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 62 families.
 Grabina [ɡraˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kowala 14 km (9 mi) south of Radom and 105 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 240.
 Darestan (Persian: دارستان‎ also Romanized as Dārestān) is a village in Kushk Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 7 families.
 Blizanci (Cyrillic: Близанци) is a village in the municipality of Čitluk Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nokhvodabad (Persian: نخوداباد‎ also Romanized as Nokhvodābād; also known as Nokhodābād) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 594 in 102 families.
 Palangi (Persian: پلنگي‎ also Romanized as Palangī) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 31 families.
 Dasht-e Bal (Persian: دشتبال‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Bāl) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 25 families.
 Oosterstreek (West Frisian: Easterstreek) is a small village in Weststellingwerf in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 530 citizens (2008).
 Kaleh Namak Kur (Persian: كله نمك كور‎ also Romanized as Kaleh Namak Kūr) is a village in Sedeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 113 families.
 Darin (Persian: درين‎ also Romanized as Darīn and Dārīn) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 36 families.
 Peyvand-e Olya (Persian: پيوندعليا‎ also Romanized as Peyvand-e ‘Olyā; also known as Peyvand-e Bālā Paiwand and Peyvand Bālā) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 17 families.
 Myszadła [mɨˈʂadwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Jadów 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Yalnız is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Darreh Saki (Persian: دره ساكي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Sākī) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīdābād) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Słupca [ˈswupt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bulkowo 26 km (16 mi) east of Płock and 76 km (47 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Vilayur is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Sopotsko (Macedonian: Сопотско) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. Sopotsko is roughly 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen.
 Dobromierz [dɔˈbrɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kluczewsko 18 km (11 mi) north of Włoszczowa and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Borduliaky (Ukrainian: Бордуляки) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Geruiyeh-ye Bala (Persian: گروئيه بالا‎ also Romanized as Gerū’īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krosinko [krɔˈɕinkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chiabaleh Pain (Persian: چيابله پائين‎ also Romanized as Chīābaleh Pā’īn) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 11 families.
 Owtrang (Persian: اوترنگ‎) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Błądzim-Dworzec [ˈbwɔnd͡ʑim ˈdvɔʐɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Pyingaing is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] (formerly German Neuhaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skwierzyna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Skwierzyna 21 km (13 mi) north of Międzyrzecz and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Seyf Mahalleh (Persian: سيف محله‎ also Romanized as Seyf Maḩalleh and Seyfmaḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 95 families.
 Ab Balut-e Bonari (Persian: اب بلوطبناري‎ also Romanized as Āb Balūṭ-e Bonārī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Piszczatka [piʂˈt͡ʂatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Nurzec-Stacja 26 km (16 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 30.
 Bokhtin (Persian: بختين‎ also Romanized as Bokhtīn) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 15 families.
 Samadabad (Persian: صمداباد‎ also Romanized as Şamadābād) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 14 families.
 Borzęcin [bɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Halavan-e Bala (Persian: هلوان بالا‎ also Romanized as Halavān-e Bālā; also known as Halvīān) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Naelavere is a village in Alatskivi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Zladovac is a village in the municipality of Žitorađa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 20 people.
 Długosiodło [dwuɡɔˈɕɔdwɔ] is a village in Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Długosiodło. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Wyszków and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Gajowniki [ɡajɔvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Choroszcz and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qaleh Sefid (Persian: قلعه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sefīd) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 21 families.
 East Choutapalem is a village in Darsi Mandal Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh state India.
 Brnjica (Serbian: Брњица) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Leńcze [ˈlɛɲt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalwaria Zebrzydowska within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kalwaria Zebrzydowska 16 km (10 mi) east of Wadowice and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Nieczajna Dolna [ɲeˈt͡ʂai̯na ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Safidar (Persian: سفيدار‎ also Romanized as Safīdār) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 89 families.
 Cibory-Chrzczony [t͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ ˈxʂt͡ʂɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Seleki is a village in Basse Casamance in the south of Senegal. The presence of cases à impluvium typical of Jola architecture greatly contribute to the reputation of the village.
 Rahim-e Kuzhiag (Persian: رحيم كژياگ‎ also Romanized as Raḩīm-e Kūzhīāg; also known as Raḩīm-e Kūzhīā) is a village in Obatu Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 16 families.
 Kąkolewo [kɔnkɔˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Osieczna 10 km (6 mi) east of Leszno and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań. It was formerly in Leszno Voivodeship (1975–1998).The village has a population of 2100.
 Wymysłowo Szlacheckie [vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 15.
 Pippara is one of the major villages in West Godavari district Andhra Pradesh India. It is located 11 km from Tadepalligudem 7 km from Attili 9 km from Ganapavaram23 km from Tanuku and 20 km from Bhimavaram.It is a busy center. It has good transport facilities. State Highway AN-Road (Aswaraopet-Narsapuram) passes through this village.
 Niekursko [ɲeˈkurskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Trzcianka 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Czarnków and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 387.
 Golabad (Persian: گل اباد‎ also Romanized as Golābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 46 families.
 Chay Khaleh (Persian: چاي خاله‎ also Romanized as Chāy Khāleh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 15 families.
 Chałupki [xaˈwupki] (German: Neuhaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec Ząbkowicki within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Kamieniec Ząbkowicki 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 71 kilometres (44 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Shahid Abdollah (Persian: شهيدعبداله‎ also Romanized as Shahīd ʿAbdollah) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 86 families.
 Medojevac is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 165 people.
 Hoseynabad-e Kachali (Persian: حسين ابادكچلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kachalī and Ḩoseynābād Kachalī; also known as Chāchaliyeh Chāchīlīyeh Ḩasanābād Ḩasanābād Kachalī and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Silow (Persian: سيلو‎ also Romanized as Sīlow) is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 11 families.
 Wólka Gołoska [ˈvulka ɡɔˈwɔska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Grójec and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Brzezinka [bʐɛˈʑiŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Andrychów 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Wadowice and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 727.
 Quang Thịnh is a commune (xã) and village in Lạng Giang District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Gurankesh-e Abd ol Rahman (Persian: گورانكش عبدالرحمن‎ also Romanized as Gūrānkesh-e ‘Abd ol Raḩmān and Gūrānkosh-e ‘Abd or Raḩmān; also known as Gorān Kash Gowrān Kash-e Pā’īn Gūrānkesh-e Pā’īn Gūrān Kesh-e Pā’īn Gūrānkosh Gūrān Kosh-e Pā’īn Kūrān Kash Kūrānkoch-e Pāīn and Kūrānkosh) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 33 families.
 Taj Sultanpur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gulbarga taluk of Gulbarga district in Karnataka.
 Szklarnia [ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Toszek 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Staniszewskie [staniˈʂɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raniżów within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Raniżów 17 km (11 mi) east of Kolbuszowa and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Żnin and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Mchówek [ˈmxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Izbica Kujawska 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 69 km (43 mi) south of Toruń.
 Tilku (Persian: تيلكو‎ also Romanized as Tīlkū; also known as Īrān Khvāh Īrān Shāh Mīrānshāh Mīrzā Īrānshāh and Tīlkūh) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 966 in 201 families.
 Akçay is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey. It is located in the Edremit Bay at the coast of north-eastern Aegean Sea across the Greek island Mitilini.
 Karaiya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3421 persons residing in 623 individual households.
 Sowdeh-ye Sofla (Persian: سوده سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sowdeh-ye Soflá; also known as Sowdā-ye Pā’īn Sowdā-ye Soflá and Sowdeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 11 families.
 Deh Now-ye Olya (Persian: ده نوعليا‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Naghan Rural District Naghan District Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 38 families.
 Cham Gaz (Persian: چم گز‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Gaz) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 79 families.
 Baba Khanjar (Persian: باباخنجر‎ also Romanized as Bābā Khanjar) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1669 in 336 families.
 Gorbacze [ɡɔrˈbat͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Lubin [ˈlubin] (German: Laubengarten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kikół 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Lipno and 34 km (21 mi) east of Toruń.
 Jemielno [jɛˈmjɛlnɔ] (German: Gemel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Przechlewo 16 km (10 mi) north of Człuchów and 107 km (66 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Rąbinek [rɔmˈbinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Ab Sardan-e Tal Deraz (Persian: اب سردان تل دراز‎ also Romanized as Āb Sardān-e Tal Derāz; also known as Āb Sardān-e Vosţá) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 37 families.
 Arab Kheyl (Persian: عرب خيل‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab Kheyl and ‘Arab Khīl) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 123 families.
 Payingomuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Julianów [juˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Berezówka [bɛrɛˈzufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 113 km (70 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kahlik Bolaghi (Persian: كهليك بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Kahlīk Bolāghī; also known as Kahlak Bolāghī Kahlek Boolaghi Kahlek Bouāghī Kailikh Bulāgh and Kiilikhbulag) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Geçimli (also called Malya) is a village in Mersin Province Turkey
 Toopranpet is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Choutuppal mandal.
 Martinice v Krkonoších is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Isa Kandi (Persian: عيسي كندي‎ also Romanized as ‘Īsá Kandī; also known as Qarah Dāghlī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 385 in 66 families.
 Tahmasb Qoli (Persian: طهماسب قلي‎ also Romanized as Ţahmāsb Qolī and Ţahmāseb Qolī; also known as Ţahmāsb Qal‘eh and Tehmasp Qulleh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 316 in 75 families.
 Łada [ˈwada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Chrzanów 16 km (10 mi) east of Janów Lubelski and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Darin (Persian: درين‎ also Romanized as Darīn) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād; also known as Mehdīābād Kahnak) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wyryki-Wola [vɨˈrɨki ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Wyryki 13 km (8 mi) west of Włodawa and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qeshlaq-e Buzcheh-ye Olya (Persian: قشلاق بوزچه عليا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Būzcheh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 59 families.
 Krajewo-Budziły [kraˈjɛvɔ buˈd͡ʑiwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bambous is a village in Mauritius located in the Rivière Noire District. The village is administered by the Bambous Village Council under the aegis of the Rivière Noire District Council. According to the census made by Statistics Mauritius in 2011 the population was at 15345.
 Nazhaveh (Persian: نژاوه‎ also Romanized as Nazhāveh) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Arbela is a village in Scotland County Missouri United States. The population was 41 at the 2010 census.
 Shahrak-e Taleqani (Persian: شهرك طالقاني‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ţāleqānī) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 38 families.
 Tiszatarján is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Siddhipur is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5322 living in 980 individual households.
 Wiśniowa Góra [viɕˈɲɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south of Andrespol and 14 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 2485.
 Sajar (Persian: سجار‎ also Romanized as Sajār) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Świniary [ɕfiˈɲarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Twardogóra 26 kilometres (16 mi) north of Oleśnica and 45 kilometres (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Golinka [ɡɔˈlinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Bojanowo 11 km (7 mi) north of Rawicz and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dymacz [ˈdɨmat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Milanów [miˈlanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mazraeh-ye Katirayi (Persian: مزرعه كتيرائي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Katīrāyī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darb-e Astaneh (Persian: درب آستانه‎ also Romanized as Darb-e Āstāneh Darb Āstāneh and Dar Āstāneh) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 50 families.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād) is a village in Zahray-ye Pain Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Eklera is a small Muslim farming village located in the district of Surat Gujarat India. It is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from the Arabian Sea coast and less than 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from Surat City Municipal Boundary. Its nearest railhead is Bhestan in Surat. Eklera has a population of about 1200 people the vast majority being Sunni Surti Vohra and a small number of Tribal Hindus.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khaīrābād) is a village in Moshkabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2312 in 662 families.
 Kondlahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Molakalmuru taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Berikhun (Persian: بريخون‎ also Romanized as Berīkhūn and Bārīkhūn) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 66 families.
 Musevo (Bulgarian: Мусево) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 188.205 kilometres (116.945 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 4.309 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 56 people.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 25 families.
 Cham Qaleh (Persian: چم قلعه‎ also Romanized as Cham Qal‘eh) is a village in Darb-e Gonbad Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 537 in 105 families.
 Potrkanje is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 83 people.
 Plačikus (Cyrillic: Плачикус) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karamlu (Persian: كرملو‎ also Romanized as Karamlū; also known as Karam Chalkī Karam Shāhlū and Karamshakli) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 99 families.
 Dokatichevo is a village in Simitli Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Stublenica is a village in Central Serbia and is part of the municipality Ub. The village had 999 inhabitants in 2002.
 Kalinowo [kaliˈnɔvɔ] (German Kallinowen) is a village in Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kalinowo. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Ełk and 144 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 750.
 Lađevci (Cyrillic: Лађевци) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ban-e Zirak (Persian: بن زيرك‎ also Romanized as Ban-e Zīraḵ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 43 families.
 Trojaczek [trɔˈjat͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Piotrków Kujawski 14 km (9 mi) south of Radziejów and 58 km (36 mi) south of Toruń.
 Gumma-laxmi-puram or G.L. Puram is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Opatkowice Cysterskie [ɔpatkɔˈvit͡sɛ t͡sɨsˈtɛrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Kukianurabad (Persian: كوكيانوراباد‎ also Romanized as Kūḵīānūrābād) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dziadkowo [d͡ʑatˈkɔvɔ] (German: Altenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Cieszków 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Milicz and 55 kilometres (34 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Qarah Zaki (Persian: قره زكي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Zakī) is a village in Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 23 families.
 Qezelqash (Persian: قزلقاش‎ also Romanized as Qezelqāsh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 26 families.
 Takht (Persian: تخت‎) is a village in Sardrud-e Olya Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1883 in 404 families.
 Zarrin Jub (Persian: زرين جوب‎ also Romanized as Zārrīn Jūb) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Sargar-e Lir Tahrak (Persian: سرگرليرتحرك‎ also Romanized as Sargar-e Līr Taḥrak) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 34 families.
 Solakova Kula (Cyrillic: Солакова Кула) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pokharia is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Mowtowr-e Yahya Belverdi (Persian: موتوريحيي بلوردي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Yaḥya Belverdī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gronów [ˈɡrɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ośno Lubuskie 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Słubice and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 130.
 Gornji Bunibrod is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 762 people.
 Riverton is a village in Franklin County Nebraska United States. The population was 89 at the 2010 census.
 Havaran (Persian: حواران‎ also Romanized as Ḩavārān) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 20 families.
 Owczarki [ɔfˈt͡ʂarki] (German Schäferei) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Kętrzyn and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 10.
 Bąków [ˈbɔnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Orońsko 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Szydłowiec and 102 km (63 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Qal‘ehjūq) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Dövecik is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 169 people.
 Bivarzin (Persian: بيورزين‎ also Romanized as Bīvarzīn; also known as Bevarzan and Bīvarzan) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District Amarlu District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 29 families.
 Kuźnica Bobrowska [kuʑˈnit͡sa bɔˈbrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Grabów nad Prosną 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 133 km (83 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Ali Ghiasi (Persian: تلمبه محمدعلي غياثي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī Ghīās̄ī) is a village in Banaruiyeh Rural District Banaruiyeh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 19 families.
 Lubartów [luˈbartuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wymiarki within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wymiarki 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Żagań and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Alalan-e Qadim (Persian: الالان قديم‎ also Romanized as Ālālān-e Qadīm; also known as Ālālān Ālālān-e Jadīd Bāzār Ālālān and Ellalan) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 62 families.
 Sowmeeh-ye Bozorg (Persian: صومعه بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Şowme‘eh-ye Bozorg; also known as Şowma‘eh-ye Bālā) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 17 families.
 Aliabad-e Kapur Chal (Persian: علي ابادكپورچال‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kapūr Chāl; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 896 in 263 families.
 Międzybrodzie [mʲɛnd͡zɨˈbrɔd͡ʑɛ] (Ukrainian: Межибрід Mezhybrid) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sanok and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 100.
 Bąk [bɔnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Karsin 22 km (14 mi) south of Kościerzyna and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 440.
 Kalateh-ye Firuzeh (Persian: كلاته فيروزه‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Fīrūzeh; also known as Fīrūzeh) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 45 families.
 Sokolniki-Las [sɔkɔlˈniki ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ozorków 14 km (9 mi) north of Zgierz and 22 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 340.
 Arpadere is a village in the District of İncirliova Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 406 people.
 Rysiowice [rɨɕɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Otmuchów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Nysa and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ab Shirin (Persian: اب شيرين‎ also Romanized as Āb Shīrīn) is a village in Gohreh Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 11 families.
 Popowo [pɔˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kiełczygłówek [kʲɛu̯t͡ʂɨˈɡwuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Shilghati (also spelled Silghati) is a panchayat village located in the Gomati district of Tripura state of India. It is famous for its rich flora and fauna.[citation needed] It is situated some 16 kilometers far from Udaipur the nearest main town and lies on the banks of the river Gomati which has its origin on the high altitudes of Boromura hill range and the water which comes passing through the Dumber Hydro-electric Power Dam.[citation needed]
 Biljani Gornji is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Otaq Sara (Persian: اطاق سرا‎ also Romanized as Oţāq Sarā) is a village in Tatarestaq Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ni Barim (Persian: ني بريم‎ also Romanized as Nī Barīm) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gaworzyna [ɡavɔˈʐɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Iłża 22 km (14 mi) south of Radom and 114 km (71 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Rishinaradamangalam is a small village near Kannambra in Alathur taluk of Palakkad district in Kerala. It has one of the few temples dedicated to Narasimha Murthy. Rishinaradamangalam is one of the two villages which celebrate Kannambra Vela. It is situated 5 km from Vadakkencherry NH 47 (Trissur - Palakkad Route).
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemęt within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has an approximate population of 750.
 Rajin (Persian: رجعين‎ also Romanized as Raj‘īn Raja’īn and Raj’īn) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1762 in 461 families.
 Kownaty-Kolonia [kɔvˈnatɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Wilczyn 32 km (20 mi) north of Konin and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Deh-e Molla (Persian: ده ملا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mollā and Deh Mollā) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shurab-e Lor (Persian: شورابلر‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Lor and Shūr Āb-e Lor; also known as Shūr Āb and Shūrāb-e Bālā) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Bala Kuyakh (Persian: بالاكويخ‎ also Romanized as Bālā Kūyakh; also known as Kūyakh-e Bālā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 57 families.
 Pieszowola [pjɛʂɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Grodzisko [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Zator 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Oświęcim and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 430.
 Laurentowo [laurɛnˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jowkar (Persian: جوكار‎ also Romanized as Jowkār) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 61 families.
 Ammnad (Persian: امند‎ also Romanized as Amand Ammend and Emmend) is a village in Rudqat Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2282 in 605 families.
 Amarpatti is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2201 persons residing in 434 individual households.
 Dam Darreh Gepi (Persian: دم دره گپي‎ also Romanized as Dam Darreh Gepī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 11 families.
 Thrithallur is a village in Thrissur district Kerala which is a state of India. Thrithallur on the western part of [Thrissur] district. The National Highway 17 passes through the middle of it. Engandiyur and Vatanappally are near Thrithallur. Thrithallur is famous for its Shiva Temple. Late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi laid foundation stone for the school in this village Kamla Nehru Memorial Vocational Higher secondary school.
 Jablanica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 331 people.
 Goraz Cham-e Yek (Persian: گراز چم يك‎ also Romanized as Gorāz Cham-e Yek; also known as Gorāz Cham Varāzūn Cham Varāzūn Jam and Qal‘eh Āsā) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gaczkowo [ɡat͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kępno [ˈkɛmpnɔ] (German Kempen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 14.
 Yendayar is a village in Kottayam district Kerala India that is totally surrounded by hills. According to local tradition Mr. J.J. Murphy (known as JJ to his friends and Murphy Sayippu to the people) named the place which was to be his home until death in 1957 after his mother and the local river. Yendayar is a combination of ‘yen’ (my) ‘thai’ (mother) and ‘ar’ (river). Murphy had come 103 years ago to the place which was a thick forest and had no name or people then.
 Hajji Beyk-e Olya (Persian: حاجي بيك عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Beyk-e ‘Olyā and Ḩājjī Beyg-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩājjī Beyk-e Bālā Ājī Beyk and Hājī Bāi) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 807 in 146 families.
 Jankowice [jankɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szydłowiec and 104 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 195.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Delevan is a village in Cattaraugus County New York United States. The population was 1089 at the 2000 census.The Village of Delevan lies inside the Town of Yorkshire
 Gombeleh (Persian: گمبله‎ also Romanized as Gombelah Gūmeleh and Gomeleh) is a village in Darb-e Gonbad Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 48 families.
 Charsh Darreh (Persian: چرشدره‎) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 29 families.
 Sadovo is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Uljaste is a village in Sonda Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kalateh-ye Hajj Ali (Persian: كلاته حاج علي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājj ‘Alī; also known as Ḩoseynābād Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī ‘Alī and Kalāteh-ye Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 30 families.
 Poljice (Foča) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Orzechówka [ɔʐɛˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasienica Rosielna within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Jasienica Rosielna 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Brzozów and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1550.
 Shurab-e Hajji (Persian: شوراب حاجي‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Ḩājjī; also known as Ḩājjī Shūrāb and Shūrāb) is a village in Qaslan Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 110 families.
 Manuiyeh (Persian: مانوييه‎ also Romanized as Mānūīyeh; also known as Mahanoo’eyeh Māhānū’īyeh Māh Now Māhnū’īyeh Mā Now and Mehu Nau) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Srnetica (Serbian: Срнетица) is a village in the municipality of Drvar Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gökler is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 46 people.
 Ravivalsa is a village in Tekkali Mandalam of Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh state India. Ravivalasa is famous for its Sri Endala Mallikarjuna Swamy Temple. There is a belief that people will get rid of their skin diseases like scabies ring worm impetigo and other fungal skin infections after seeing this god.
 Nacpolsk [ˈnat͡spɔlsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Płońsk and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 840.
 Sar Jangal (Persian: سرجنگل‎) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bal-e Pain (Persian: بل پائين‎ also Romanized as Bal-e Pā’īn) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 23 families.
 Liabygda is a village in Stranda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the northern shore of the Norddalsfjorden just north of the mouth of the Sunnylvsfjorden. Liabygda and its immediate vicinity are separated from the rest of the municipality by the fjord. There is a ferry from Liabygda to the village of Stranda on the other side of the fjord. Liabygda Church is located in this village serving the part of Stranda on the eastern side of the fjord.
 Lepassaare (Võro: Lepässaarõ) is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.Lepassaare has a station on currently inactive Valga–Pechory railway.
 Maniów Wielki [ˈmaɲuf ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Mietków and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Alamdeh-e Gharbi (Persian: علمده غربي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alamdeh-e Gharbī) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 103 families.
 Dasht-e Asad (Persian: دشت اسد‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Āsad) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Kuryły [kuˈrɨwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Mauwa is a village development committee in Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4570 people living in 813 individual households.
 Shatareh (Persian: شاطره‎ also Romanized as Shāţareh and Shāh Ţarreh) is a village in Deh Abbas Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9477 in 2315 families.
 Lavar-e Razemi (Persian: لاوررزمي‎ also Romanized as Lāvar-e Razemī and Lāvar-e Sharqī) is a village in Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 806 in 187 families.
 Shekar Bolagh (Persian: شكربلاغ‎ also Romanized as Shekar Bolāgh) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 17 families.
 Nybergsund is a village in the municipality of Trysil in Hedmark Norway with a population of 363. The village is best known for serving as a hiding place for the Norwegian royal family and Cabinet and sustaining German bombing during the German conquest of Norway. The town is also the birthplace of award-winning Norwegian writer and translator Tormod Haugen.
 Palasamudram is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Józefin [juˈzɛfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rakoniewice 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Smogorzów [smɔˈɡɔʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Przysucha and 96 km (60 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 970.
 Amrui (Persian: عمرويي‎ also Romanized as ‘Amrū’ī; also known as Amruni and Imrūni) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 74 families.
 Przedbojewice [pʂɛdbɔjɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedecz within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Przedecz 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Koło and 142 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rezaabad Juchin (Persian: رضاابادجوچين‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād Jūchīn; also known as Reẕāābād) is a village in Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 598 in 141 families.
 Klejwy [ˈklɛi̯vɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sejny and 115 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Husów [ˈxusuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markowa within Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Łańcut and 21 km (13 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2000.
 Kani Eyn Ali (Persian: كاني عينعلي‎ also Romanized as Kānī ‘Eyn ‘Alī Kāni ‘Ain ‘Ali and Kānī ‘Eyn-e ‘Alī) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 17 families.
 Aram Nerow-e Bala (Persian: ارام نروبالا‎ also Romanized as Ārām Nerow-e Bālā; also known as Ārām Nerow) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 27 families.
 Bučince is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 12 people.
 Wypychy [vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wyszki 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Chojane-Pawłowięta [xɔˈjanɛ pavwɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 110.
 Nagygörbő is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Służejów [swuˈʐɛjuf] (German Schlause) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Los Varela is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Sarab Biz (Persian: سراببيز‎ also Romanized as Sarāb Bīz; also known as Sar Āb Bīz-e Bālā Sarāb Bīz ‘Olyā Sarābīz-e Bālā and Sarāb Nabīz) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 891 in 150 families.
 Dehzir-e Dudera (Persian: ده زيردودرائ‎ also Romanized as Dehzīr-e Dūderā’) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 23 families.
 Savadu (Kannada: ಸವಡಿ ) is a village in the Ron taluk of Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 Chełm [xɛu̯m] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Wolbrom 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Olkusz and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 892.
 Servak (Persian: سروك‎ also Romanized as Serūk) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2210 in 434 families.
 Kolonia Pęcławice [kɔˈlɔɲa pɛnt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ] (till 31 December 2000 as at Tomtasówka-Kolonia Pęcławice) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bogoria 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Staszów and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 142.
 Madhopur is a village in Bhogpur. Bhogpur is a city in the district Jalandhar of Indian state of Punjab.
 Annikvere is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.Annikvere Manor (Annigfer) was first mentioned in 1445.
 Haripur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3848 people living in 682 individual households.
 Lisie Kąty [ˈliɕe ˈkɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Paczków 24 km (15 mi) west of Nysa and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany and named Fuchsloch (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 110.
 Zaskwierki [zaskˈfʲɛrkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Biała Piska 22 km (14 mi) east of Pisz and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Solakovići (Busovača) is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Krzyżówki [kʂɨˈʐufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Koźminek 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 113 km (70 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Merkeşler is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 319 people.
 Dybów-Kolonia [ˈdɨbuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Radzymin 7 km (4 mi) north of Wołomin and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Leetonia is a village in Salem Township Columbiana County Ohio United States. The population was 1959 at the 2010 census. Artie Altomare has been the mayor of Leetonia since 1997.[1]
 Sedeh (Persian: سده‎; also known asSeh Deh Sehdeh-e Bālā and Side) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2175 in 586 families.
 Kovanoluk is a village in the District of Samsat Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Paszki Duże [ˈpaʂki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Radzyń Podlaski and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pınarkaya is a village in the District of Çay Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Lubodzież [luˈbɔd͡ʑeʂ] (German: Lubsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Lniano 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Świecie and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Kelnase is a village on Prangli Island in Viimsi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Bondiss is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located at the eastern tip of Skeleton Lake between Boyle and Lac La Biche.
 Postękalice [pɔstɛŋkaˈlʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Bełchatów and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 800.
 Stare Iganie [ˈstarɛ iˈɡaɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 399.
 Seyyed Hasan (Persian: سيدحسن‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩasan) is a village in Mohsen Ab Rural District in the Central District of Mehran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vrelo is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1684 people.
 Mowtowr-e Kal Mohammad Qanbari (Persian: موتوركل محمدقنبري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Kal Moḩammad Qanbarī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 8 families.
 Tall-e Morad Khani (Persian: تل مراد خاني‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Morād Khānī; also known as Tall-e Ḩājjī Morād Khānī and Tall-e Morādkhān) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 19 families.
 Philo is a village in Muskingum County Ohio United States along the Muskingum River. The population was 733 at the 2010 census.Philo is the closest municipality to Blue Rock State Park.
 Rukławki [ruˈkwafki] (German: Rochlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Biskupiec and 29 km (18 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Fahlian-e Sofla (Persian: فهليان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Fahlīān-e Soflá; also known as Fahlīān-e Pā’īn and Shūlestān Qal‘eh Mīrzā Mollā) is a village in Fahlian Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1120 in 253 families.
 Kazaj (Persian: كزج‎ also Romanized as Kazej; also known as Karaj) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1047 in 278 families.
 Wincentów [vinˈt͡sɛntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Tczów 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 107 km (66 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ashniz-e Bala (Persian: اشنيزبالا‎ also Romanized as Ashnīz-e Bālā; also known as Ashnīz) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 15 families.
 Sar Sardab-e Olya (Persian: سرسرداب عليا‎ also Romanized as Sar Sardāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sar Sardāb-e Bālā) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 10 families.
 Borjak-e Seyfollah (Persian: برجك سيف اله‎; also known as Barjak) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 23 families.
 Shirabad (Persian: شيراباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 48 families.
 Szerzawa [ʂɛˈʐava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Cedry Wielkie 16 km (10 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chalak (Persian: چلك‎) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 41 families.
 Greenwood Lake is a village in Orange County New York United States. As of the United States 2010 Census the village population was 3514. It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.The Village of Greenwood Lake is in the south part of the Town of Warwick.
 Starowice [starɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Otmuchów 13 km (8 mi) west of Nysa and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 180.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Stary Brus 20 km (12 mi) west of Włodawa and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pińczata [piɲˈt͡ʂata] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Włocławek and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 750.
 Gullhella is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Mazekan (Persian: مزكان‎ also Romanized as Mazekān; also known as Mazeh Kān) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 934 in 206 families.
 Rybno [ˈrɨbnɔ] is a village in Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rybno. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 2558.
 Rożniatów-Kolonia [rɔʐˈɲatuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Uniejów 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 135.
 Gol Qasem (Persian: گل قاسم‎ also Romanized as Gol Qāsem; also known as Gowl Qāsem) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 18 families.
 Cleves is a village founded in 1818 near the Ohio River in Miami Township Hamilton County Ohio United States. The population was 3234 at the 2010 census. The village is named for John Cleves Symmes who lived here laid out the original town site and sold lots of land. In November 2010 the village of Cleves voted to shut down the fire department and lay-off 3 full time police officers due to insufficient funds in the village budget.
 Ghataparthi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Challakere taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Zemidan Sara (Persian: زميدان سرا‎ also Romanized as Zemīdān Sarā) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 9 families.
 Vailasingaram is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Garoza is a village in Latvia Ozolnieki Municipality. The village located approximately 14 km from city Jelgava.
 Radosze [raˈdɔʂɛ] (German Freudenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Barciany 16 km (10 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 71 km (44 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 250.
 Melpakkam is a small village located in Eguvarpalayam Panchayat in Gummidipoondi taluk in Thiruvallur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.Melpakkam lies on the Melpakkam Road from Gummidipoondi to Mardarpakkam. Near to Melpakkam are two important factories Dupont Fibers and Hitech Carbon (an Aditya Birla Group company) also known as Birla Carbon. Subsequently DuPont Fibres has been taken over by SRF Limited.
 Pir Mohammad Baba Hoseyn (Persian: پيرمحمدباباحسين‎ also Romanized as Pīr Moḥammad Bābā Ḩoseyn) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Jitpur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8333 people living in 1389 individual households.
 Kanshian (Hindko: کانشیاں) is a village located in Mansehra District Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is a village of Union Council Garlat of tehsil Balakot to the south east of the Balakot city. It is a beautiful hill station but unfortunately a neglected potential tourist destination. It lies in the series of mountains connecting the Neelum Valley in Pakistani-held Kashmir to the Kaghan Valley.
 Samereh-ye Olya (Persian: سامره عليا‎ also Romanized as Sāmereh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Samarrah and Sāmereh) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 56 families.
 Ozga [ˈɔzɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kamieńsk 19 km (12 mi) north of Radomsko and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chal Boqa (Persian: چال بقا‎ also Romanized as Chāl Boqā; also known as Chābūgha Chāl Boghā’ Chālbūgha and Shālbaqā) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 57 families.
 Konar-e Naru (Persian: كنارنرو‎ also Romanized as Konār-e Narū; also known as Konān Derow Konānrow and Konār-e Rū) is a village in Baghak Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 25 families.
 Ziksar (Persian: زيكسار‎ also Romanized as Zīksār; also known as Rīksār) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 87 families.
 Pileh Savar (Persian: پيله سوار‎ also Romanized as Pīleh Savār; also known as Razvaliny Pilesevar) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 90 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1500 in 345 families.
 Strawczynek [strafˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Strawczyn and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 940.
 Hříměždice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Viševce is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 92 people.
 Glenvil is a village in Clay County Nebraska United States. The population was 310 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Hastings Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Hajji Hemmatlu (Persian: حاجي همتلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Hemmatlū) is a village in Kandovan Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 49 families.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Złotów and 109 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 300.
 Rovná (Sokolov District) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Al-Kasayir was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict located 13 km east of Haifa. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 16 1948 under the Battle of Mishmar HaEmek.Many inhabitants were Muslim Arabs who traced their origins to North Africa.
 Hirehadagalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hadagalli taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Bolesławice [bɔlɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Bunzelwitz) is a village in the urban-rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jaworzyna Śląska 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Świdnica and 48 kilometres (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Navan (Persian: نوان‎ also Romanized as Navān; also known as Nogham and Nūgham) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Talakiriyagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Elbeyi is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Hasanabad-e Zandi (Persian: حسن ابادزندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Zandī; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 313 in 69 families.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Naşīrābād-e Avval and Naşrābād) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 97 families.
 Chaulahar is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Sefid Qoba (Persian: سفيدقبا‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Qobā) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kaldfjord is a village at the southeastern end of the Kaldfjorden in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located on the island of Kvaløya about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northwest of the city of Tromsø. There are several villages located around Kaldfjord including Kjosen Ersfjordbotn and Kvaløysletta.
 Zikrin (Hebrew: זיכרין) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Hebron Subdistrict depopulated in the 1948 Palestine War.
 Reha is a village in Bhuj Taluka of Kutch at a distance of about 15 km from Bhuj town the capital of Kachchh District of Gujarat in India.
 Humniska [xumˈɲiska] (Ukrainian: Гумниська Humnys’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Brzozów and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 4300.
 Amreh Sit (Persian: عمره سيت‎ also Romanized as ‘Amreh Sīt; also known as Hameh Resīd) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 18 families.
 Chah-e Mohammadabad Heybati (Persian: چاه محمدابادهيبتي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩmmadābād Heybatī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łozienica [wɔʑeˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Goleniów and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chodków Stary [ˈxɔtkuf ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Łoniów 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 180.
 Al Marabi is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Bagh-e Bar Aftab (Persian: باغ برافتاب‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bar Āftāb) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1556 in 393 families.
 Kabikiejmy Dolne [kabiˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German Unter Kapkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Dobre Miasto and 16 km (10 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Chichagluy-e Mansur (Persian: چيچگلوي منصور‎ also Romanized as Chīchaglūy-e Manşūr; also known as Chīchaklū-ye Manşūr) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 66 families.
 Parish is a village located in the town of Parish in Oswego County New York United States. The population was 450 as of the census of 2010.
 Milewo Wielkie [miˈlɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Troszyn 20 km (12 mi) east of Ostrołęka and 106 km (66 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Yanalerik is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Żółwiniec [ʐuu̯ˈviɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Ballinskelligs from Irish: Baile an Sceilg meaning homestead of the rocks is a Gaeltacht village in the south-west of the Iveragh peninsula (Uíbh Ráthach) in County Kerry Ireland.The rocks referred to in the village's Irish name are Skellig Michael and Little Skellig an ancient monastic colony which lies off the coast from Ballinskellings. The town is also the site of a beach the ruins of Ballinskelligs Priory of Augustinian Canons Regular and the remains of Ballinskelligs Castle.
 Michalin [miˈxalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kaljar (Persian: كلجار‎ also Romanized as Kaljār; also known as Kalījār) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 54 families.
 Babalo is a village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Cegielnia-Kosewo [t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlɲa kɔˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Żdżary [ˈʐd͡ʐarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kawęczyn 17 km (11 mi) south of Turek and 122 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nowe Paski [ˈnɔvɛ ˈpaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hébertville-Station is a village municipality in Lac-Saint-Jean-Est Regional County Municipality in the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region of Quebec.
 Doba [ˈdɔba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Giżycko and 80 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 210.
 Iraq Suwaydan (عراق سويدان) was a Palestinian Arab village located 27 kilometers northeast of Gaza City. It was captured by Israeli forces in Operation Yoav against the defending Egyptian Army during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. The village infrastructure with the exception of the police station built by the British Mandate authorities was destroyed.
 Chojnowo [xɔi̯ˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Trzcianne 11 km (7 mi) west of Mońki and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Vučetići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sitno [ˈɕitnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Międzyrzec Podlaski 18 km (11 mi) west of Biała Podlaska and 86 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zwoleń and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Gerovo is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D32 highway.
 G.Madugula or Gangaraju Madugula is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Alakurapadu is a village in Tangutur mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Saustinõmme is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Kliniska Wielkie [kliˈniska ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Christinenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Goleniów and 14 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gumi is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5683 people living in 965 individual households.
 Viroli is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Nomreh-ye Yazdah (Persian: نمره يازده‎ also Romanized as Nomreh-ye Yāzdah and Nomreh Yāzdah; also known as Nomreh Vāzdah) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 69 families.
 Osiek [ˈɔɕek] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has an approximate population of 450.
 Laaneotsa is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Chah-e Sam (Persian: چاه سم‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Sam) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 30 families.
 Cham Bala (Persian: چم بلا‎ also Romanized as Cham Balā) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ghulām Nabī Kêlay (Persian: غلام نبی کلی‎) is a village in Helmand Province in southwestern Afghanistan.
 Barq va Baran-e Olya (Persian: برق وباران عليا‎ also Romanized as Barq va Bārān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bargbārān Bargobārān and Barq va Yārān) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Żyrowa [ʐɨˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zdzieszowice within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zdzieszowice 11 km (7 mi) east of Krapkowice and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 760.
 Orło [ˈɔrwɔ] (German Orlen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ryn 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Giżycko and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lis Teymur (Persian: ليس تيمور‎ also Romanized as Līs Teymūr) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mir Hasani (Persian: ميرحسني‎ also Romanized as Mīr Ḩasanī; also known as Mīr ’asanī and Mīr ’oseynī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 52 families.
 Stróżewo [struˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bytoń 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 52 km (32 mi) south of Toruń.
 Fulgama is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8564 persons living in 1539 individual households.
 Anjedan (Persian: انجدان‎ also Romanized as Anjedān; also known as Andījān Anjidān and Injadān) is a village in Amanabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 154 families.
 Gilayeh (Persian: گيلايه‎ also Romanized as Gīlāyeh) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 19 families.
 Dağdibi is a village in the District of Pozantı Adana Province Turkey.
 Stary Barkoczyn [ˈstarɨ barˈkɔt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Nowa Karczma 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 181.
 Barikeh-ye Sadeqi (Persian: باريكه صادقي‎ also Romanized as Bārīkeh-ye Şādeqī; also known as Bārīkeh-ye Pā’īn Bārīkeh-ye Şādeq Bārīkeh-ye Soflá Bārīkey-ye Şādeqī-ye Soflá Qal‘a Shaikh Sadiq and Sheykh Şādeq) is a village in Harasam Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 44 families.
 Brzostowa Góra [bʐɔsˈtɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Majdan Królewski within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Majdan Królewski 15 km (9 mi) north of Kolbuszowa and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Qalaj (Persian: قلج‎) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 79 families.
 Çıralı is a village in the District of Kemer Antalya Province Turkey.
 Hemrik (West Frisian: De Himrik) is a village consisting of about 740 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
 Pas Meleh (Persian: پس مله‎) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czaplice-Kurki [t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ ˈkurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bayqara Kuh (Persian: بايقراكوه‎ also Romanized as Bāyqarā’ Kūh; also known as Bai Qara Bāyqarā’ and Bay Qareh) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 40 families.
 Kryspinów [krɨsˈpinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liszki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Liszki and 12 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1360.Kryspinów [lake]:A popular leisure spot among Cracovians is Kryspinów lake commonly known as Kryspinów.
 Sarhang (Persian: سرهنگ‎) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 684 in 182 families.
 Niecew [ˈɲɛt͡sɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Korzenna 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Tanurjeh (Persian: تنورجه‎ also Romanized as Tanūrjeh and Tanoorjeh; also known as Tanūrah Tanūrcheh Tonvareh and Tonvarjeh) is a village in Barkuh Rural District Kuhsorkh District Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 895 in 238 families.
 Rudyszwałd [ruˈdɨʂfau̯t] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanowice within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krzyżanowice 16 km (10 mi) south of Racibórz and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has an approximate population of 790.
 Piruzabad (Persian: پيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Pīrūzābād) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 35 families.
 Khudavandpur is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Parigi mandal.
 Witulin [vʲiˈtulʲin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 103 km (64 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 430.
 Anbarlu (Persian: عنبرلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Anbarlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Stawiska [staˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujsoły within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ujsoły 26 km (16 mi) south of Żywiec and 87 km (54 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.
 Siahkalrud (Persian: سياهكلرود‎ also Romanized as Sīāhkalrūd and Seyāhkalarūd; also known as Oţāqvar) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 793 in 249 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Luleh Darreh Hajj Meyn Bashi-ye Olya (Persian: قشلاق لوله دره حاج مين باشي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Lūleh Darreh Ḩājj Meyn Bāshī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Key Biscayne is an island town in Miami-Dade County Florida United States. The population was 12344 at the 2010 census.Key Biscayne lies south of Miami Beach and east of Miami. The village is connected to Miami via the Rickenbacker Causeway originally built in 1947. Because of its low elevation and direct exposure to the Atlantic Ocean it is usually among the first Miami areas to be evacuated before an oncoming hurricane.
 Pasmugi [pasˈmuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Borki 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Franusin [fraˈnuɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Telatyn 34 km (21 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 120 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kodekal (Kodigal) is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Shorapur Taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka. Kodekal is 8.5 km by road north-northeast of Jogandabhavi and 4 km by road northwest of Bardevanhal across the Dhon River.
 Dołubowo [dɔwuˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 393.
 Khoshk Dahaneh (Persian: خشك دهنه‎; also known as Khoshgeh Dahaneh Khoshkeh Dahaneh and Khūshkdāneh) is a village in Virmuni Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1124 in 279 families.
 Zalom (Nevesinje) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kadikkad is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Daskotna is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Putkowice Nagórne [putkɔˈvit͡sɛ naˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Tondikiwindi is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Kapurchal (Persian: كپورچال‎ also Romanized as Kapūrchāl Kapūr Chāl and Kopūr Chāl; also known as Bāzār Kopūr Chāl and Kavarchal) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1838 in 561 families.
 Abbigere is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bangalore North taluk of Bangalore district in Karnataka.Abbigere is one of the fast developing residential layouts in north Bangalore. The locality is dotted with well planned layouts without the hustle bustle of city  yet just 10 minutes from Jalahalli cross or Mathikere.The Area also has lot of good CBSE and International schools. Abbigere park is one of the best maintained park in north Bangalore.
 Minyagon is an agricultural village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. Extensive fields surround the village.
 Gocław [ˈɡɔt͡swaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pilawa 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Garwolin and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 805.
 Sloup v Čechách (German: Bürgstein) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Hristovtsi Gabrovo Province is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Mehrshani (Persian: مهرنشاني‎ also Romanized as Mehrshānī; also known as Mehr Shāhī) is a village in Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 69 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Sar Avar (Persian: مزرعه سراور‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sar Āvar) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 30 families.
 Sheykhan-e Davud Khuni (Persian: شيخان داودخوني‎ also Romanized as Sheykhān-e Dāvūd Khūnī; also known as Sheykhān-e ‘Olyā and Sheykhān-e Dāvūd Khūnī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 65 families.
 B.Aralikatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Hemmatabad-e Vahab (Persian: همت ابادواهب‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Vāhab) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Armak (Persian: ارمك‎; also known as Armagh Armakī and Armaq) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 679 in 128 families.
 Usinitsa (Seto: Uusinitsa) is a village in Mikitamäe Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Horostyta [xɔrɔsˈtɨta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wyryki 22 km (14 mi) west of Włodawa and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Balvan (Persian: بلوان‎ also Romanized as Balvān) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 46 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت آباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Kordehha Rural District in the Central District of Aradan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 74 families.
 Bycz [bɨt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Piotrków Kujawski 18 km (11 mi) south of Radziejów and 62 km (39 mi) south of Toruń.The village has an approximate population of 220.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 16 families.
 Kobyzhcha (Ukrainian: Кобижча; Russian: Кобыжча) is a village in the Bobrovytsia Raion (district) of Chernihiv Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine. The village is located on the Trubizh River a left tributary of the Dnipro.Kobyzhcha was first founded in 1100. It is located near the Kobyzhcha Railroad Station the second railroad station in the entire district.
 Kulczyn [ˈkult͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Żołynia [ʐɔˈwɨɲa] is a village in Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Żołynia. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Łańcut and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 5106.
 Ton is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Hamchako is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the town had a population of 1124. The current estimate for 2009 is 1979 people
 Pajane is a village in the municipality of Pezë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Wilczna [ˈvilt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Słupca and 77 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kiriş Kemer is a village in the District of Kemer Antalya Province Turkey.
 Otoineppu (音威子府村 Otoineppu-mura) is a village located in Nakagawa (Teshio) District Kamikawa Subprefecture Hokkaido Japan. As of 2013 the village had an estimated population of 831 among 504 households. The total area of Otoineppu is 275.64 square kilometres (106.43 sq mi). Otoineppu designates itself as the smallest village in Hokkaido.
 Łubice [wuˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 50.
 Tavakkolabad (Persian: توكل اباد‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chrząstów Wielki [ˈxʂɔ̃stuf ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Parzęczew 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 85.
 Gadhali is village in Amalner taluka in jalgaon district. Maharashtra India.Gadhali (Amalner taluka 21�05' N 75�05' E; R. S. Amalner m. 6; p. 1616) six miles north-east of Amalner is the first place in Khandesh at which Gujarat Shravak Vanis settled. In 1804 it was plundered and its people scattered by a Pendhari leader named Ghodji Bhonsle.It is 9 km away from Amalner.One can to via ST bus from Amalaner named Amalaner to Jalod.
 Babhani is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4236 people living in 643 individual households.
 Karehgah-ye Pain (Persian: کره گه پايين‎ also Romanized as Karehgah-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Bobrowa Wola [bɔˈbrɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Żyraków 10 km (6 mi) north of Dębica and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kalkali (Persian: كلكلي‎ also Romanized as Kalkalī) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 66 families.
 Kilberry (Irish: Cill Bhearaigh) is a village in County Kildare Ireland. It is located on the R417 regional road in the valley of the River Barrow 4 km north of Athy.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bałtów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Bałtów 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 120.
 Łączna [ˈwɔnt͡ʂna] (German: Wiesenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Pasłęk 12 km (7 mi) east of Elbląg and 69 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sonqor (Persian: سنقر‎ also Romanized as Sonqor and Sanqor; also known as Sungur and Sūnqūr) is a village in Bughda Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 36 families.
 Chociszew [xɔˈt͡ɕiʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Błaszki 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 90.
 Izbišta (Macedonian: Избишта) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. It is located some 4.6 kilometres (2.9 mi) north of the municipal centre of Resen near the entry to the mountain pass between the Galičica and Bigla mountain ranges. The village is also home to FK Ilinden a local football club.
 Roknabad-ye Do (Persian: ركن آباد2‎ also Romanized as Roknābād-e Do; also known as Roknābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 16 families.
 Radzików-Stopki [raˈd͡ʑikuf ˈstɔpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Stary Kamień [ˈstarɨ ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Gąbin 21 km (13 mi) south of Płock and 89 km (55 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 216.
 Pelkha is a village that lies 10 km north-west of Shamli in the district of Shamli in the state of Uttar Pradesh India. It is situated in the ancient land of Kuru now western Uttar Pradesh one of the most fertile and agriculturally advanced regions of India along with the Punjab and Haryana. Geographically it is situated in the upper Doab the area between the 2 great rivers- Ganges and Jamuna.The village is inhabited by Hindus as well as Muslims.
 Bronowo [brɔˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wizna 15 km (9 mi) east of Łomża and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 563 in 145 families.
 Cheraghabad (Persian: چراغ ابادزهكلوت‎ also Romanized as Cherāghābād-e Zeh Kalūt; also known as Cherāghābād) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 537 in 120 families.
 Drogeham (West Frisian: Droegeham) is a small town of about 1600 inhabitants in the Dutch province of Friesland. It is in a rural area of the municipality of Achtkarspelen. Agriculture still plays an important part in the town but small-scale industry is on the increase. Many people have their jobs in nearby larger towns like Drachten Surhuisterveen and Leeuwarden.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 439 in 112 families.
 Boyle is a village in northern Alberta Canada within Athabasca County. It is located on Highway 63 approximately 163 kilometres (101 mi) north of Edmonton.Boyle is named after former Alberta Minister of Education Justice John R. Boyle (1871–1936) and founded in 1916.
 Vrse is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Stare Czajki [ˈstarɛ ˈt͡ʂai̯ki] (German: Alt Czayken; 1933-45: Alt Kiwitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Świętajno 20 km (12 mi) east of Szczytno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gory Mahalleh (Persian: گرئ محله‎ also Romanized as Gory Maḩalleh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 35 families.
 Grzybowce [ɡʐɨˈbɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Gródek and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Shenlu (Persian: شن لو‎ also Romanized as Shenlū) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Stopnica 15 km (9 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 550.
 Rasvar (Cyrillic: Расвар) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 As Sifyani is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Sokolniki [sɔkɔlˈɲikʲi] is a village in Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sokolniki. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Wieruszów and 95 km (59 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 1200.
 Pozga [ˈpɔzɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bieżuń 19 km (12 mi) south of Żuromin and 105 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Institute of Agriculture Phases 2 and 3 (Persian: موسسه فلاحت در فراغت فاز 2 و3‎ – Mūsaseh Felāḩet Dar Farāghet Fāz Do va Seh) is a village and institute in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Sri Antu is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3943 persons living in 719 individual households.
 Ścinawa [ɕt͡ɕiˈnava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Oława and 32 kilometres (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Shahrak-e Vali-ye Asr (Persian: شهرك وليعصر‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Valī-ye ‘Aşr) is a village in Rostaq Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1769 in 463 families.
 Qaravaghli Ayibi (Persian: قراوغلي ايبي‎ also Romanized as Qarāvaghlī Āyībī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 23 families.
 Rannaküla is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 14 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Mirjanovići (Cyrillic: Мирјановићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Abadi Emamzadeh Esmail (Persian: ابادي امامزاده اسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Ābādī Emāmzādeh Esmā‘īl; also known as Emāmzādeh Shāhzādeh Esmā‘īl Emāmzādeh Esmā‘īl Shāhzādeh Esmā‘īl and Shāhzādeh Ismā‘īl) is a village in Fordu Rural District Kahak District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 13 families.
 Mowtowr-e Khorram Huti (Persian: موتور خرم هوتي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khorram Hūtī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pathimari is a village in Kamrup district situated on the north bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Nehiniwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Shirvan (Persian: شيروان‎ also Romanized as Shīrvān; also known as Sharkat Zarayi Shirvan Chafa (Persian: شركت زراعي شيروان چفا) also Romanized as Sharḵat Zarāʿī Shīrvān Chafā Shahrak-e Shirvan (Persian: شهرك شيروان) also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Shīrvān Ḩasanābād Raḩīmābād and Shīrvān Chaqā) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1101 in 280 families.
 Vilje Kolo is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 11 people.
 Khalilabad (Persian: خليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Khalīlābād; also known as Khalil Abad Pishkooh) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuchek Yurt Sheykhan (Persian: كوچك يورت شيخان‎ also Romanized as Kūchek Yūrt Sheykhān; also known as Yūrt Sheykhān) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 884 in 184 families.
 Podstolice [pɔtstɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tall al-Turmus (Arabic: تل الترمس‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Gaza Subdistrict located on a low hill on the coastal plain of Palestine 38 kilometers (24 mi) northeast of Gaza. In 1945 it had a population of 760 and a land area of 11508 dunams. The village was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.
 Chalgarud (Persian: چالگرود‎ also Romanized as Chālgarūd; also known as Chālgar) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 531 in 110 families.
 Qarah Bolagh (Persian: قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bolāgh and Qareh Bolāgh) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 7 families.
 Pospólno [pɔsˈpulnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Strzałkowo 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Słupca and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 40.
 Zdów [zduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodowice within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Ludlow is a village in Livingston County Missouri United States. The population was 137 at the 2010 census.
 Darvishan (Persian: درويشان‎ also Romanized as Darvīshān) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 26 families.
 Wola Branicka-Kolonia [ˈvɔla braˈnit͡ska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Zgierz and 18 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kvål is a village in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the Gaula River between the villages of Ler and Melhus. The 0.51-square-kilometre (130-acre) village has a population (2009) of 471. The population density of Kvål is 924 inhabitants per square kilometre (2390 /sq mi).Kvål Station is located in the village along the Dovrebanen railway line but only used for local traffic. The European route E6 highway also runs through the village.
 Kozłów [ˈkɔzwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gręboszów within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Gręboszów 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Vaskjala is a village in Rae Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 591 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Jeginov Lug is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Strojców [ˈstrɔi̯t͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 100.
 Bělušice (Kolín District) is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Haram Sara (Persian: حرمسرا‎ also Romanized as Ḩaram Sarā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Przesławka [pʂɛˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Zagoričani is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Grupa [ˈɡrupa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dragacz 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Świecie 53 km (33 mi) north of Toruń and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 541.
 Grzybowo [ɡʐɨˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Malwelwe is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. It is located 70 km northwest of Molepolole. The population was 930 in 2001 census.
 Algheden is a village in western Eritrea. It is located in Forto District.Nearby towns and villages include Bitama (17.6 nm) Hawashayt (16.4 nm) Adal (3.1 nm) Ad Casub (10.4 nm) Elit (15.5 nm) and Antalla (13.3 nm).
 Cham Hajjian (Persian: چم حاجيان‎ also Romanized as Cham Ḩājjīān) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 50 families.
 Kelijeh (Persian: كليجه‎ also Romanized as Kelījeh; also known as Golījeh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 682 in 125 families.
 Rud Gavaber (Persian: رودگوابر‎ also Romanized as Rūd Gavāber and Rūd-e Gavāber; also known as Rūd-e Gavāpar) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 31 families.
 Stara Wieś (Polish pronunciation: [ˈstara vʲɛɕ] literally Old Village; Wymysorys: Wymysdiüf literally William's village) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilamowice within Bielsko County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wilamowice 8 km (5 mi) north of Bielsko-Biała and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 1978.
 Bizhanabad-e Do (Persian: بيژن آباد2‎ also Romanized as Bīzhanābād-e Do; also known as Bīzhanābād-e Soflá) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1092 in 226 families.
 Gowdal (Persian: گودل‎ also Romanized as Gowdāl and Gūdal) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 18 families.
 Gerasimovka is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Darreh Shur-e Khong (Persian: دره شورخنگ‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shūr-e Khong; also known as Darrehshūr-e Khong) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 71 families.
 Shahrak-e Behruzi (Persian: شهرك بهروزي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Behrūzī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 375 in 67 families.
 Bareh Tork (Persian: بره ترك‎ also Romanized as Berah Tarak) is a village in Boluran Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 32 families.
 Uspallata is a village and an administrative district in Argentina in a scenic location on the road which crosses the Andes between Mendoza and Santiago in Chile. It is located 100 km (62 mi) west of Mendoza and was once served by the now disused Transandine Railway which passed through the town on its way from Mendoza to Los Andes in Chile.
 Terziler is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 683 people.
 Beslen (Bulgarian: Беслен) is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Naran-e Olya (Persian: ناران عليا‎ also Romanized as Nārān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Nārān and Nūrūn) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 34 families.
 Dastjerd (Persian: دستجرد‎ also Romanized as Dastgerd and Dastgird) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Satansarı is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Chandanmatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Pijan (Persian: پيجان‎ also Romanized as Pījān) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 12 families.
 Wierzchowiska [vjɛʂxɔˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Keder (Persian: كدر‎; also known as Kowr) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darżewo [darˈʐɛvɔ] (German: Darsow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brojce within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Brojce 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Gryfice and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 135.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād; also known as Amīrābād-e Bīdekān) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 48 families.
 Zamiany [zaˈmjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Albu Obeyd (Persian: البوعبيد‎ also Romanized as Ālbū ‘Obeyd and Albū ‘Obeyd) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 103 families.
 Kadampanad grama panchayat is the southernmost part of Pathanamthitta district. It comes under Parakkode block of Adoor taluk. The panchayat shared boundaries with Erathu panchayat in the north Ezhamkulam panchayat in the east Kunnathur panchayat and Kalladayar in the south and Pallikkal and Poruvazhy Panchayats in the west.
 Długi Borek [ˈdwuɡi ˈbɔrɛk] (German: Langenwalde before 1829: Dlugiborrek;) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Świętajno 22 km (14 mi) east of Szczytno and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gorey (French: Gouray; Jèrriais: Gouôrray) is a village in the parishes of St. Martin and Grouville on the east coast of Jersey. The harbour is one of the three main harbours of the island and is located in St. Martin.
 Hesar-e Yazdan (Persian: حصاريزدان‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Yazdān and Ḩeşār Yazdān) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 121 families.
 Kalus-e Olya (Persian: كالوس عليا‎ also Romanized as Kālūs-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sar Dasht-e Kālūs) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran.
 Hasham Balm (Persian: حشم بلم‎ also Romanized as Ḩashām Balm Ḩasham Balm Hāshem Balm Ḩasham Balam and Ḩāshombalm; also known as Ashām Bolān and Asham Sullam) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 103 families.
 Dikilitaş is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Sulewo-Prusy [suˈlɛvɔ ˈprusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wąsosz 17 km (11 mi) south of Grajewo and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Błotkowo [bwɔtˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Lipno 11 km (7 mi) north of Leszno and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Simamboini is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 619.
 Khari is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3910 and had 748 houses in it.
 Trzaski [ˈtʂaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Ciechanowiec 28 km (17 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 150.
 Witulin-Kolonia [vʲiˈtulʲin kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Podkupientyn [pɔtkuˈpjɛntɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 90 km (56 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kur Bolagh-e Do (Persian: كوربلاغ دو‎ also Romanized as Kūr Bolāgh-e Do; also known as Kūr Bolāgh-e Moḩammad Naqī and Kūr Bolāgh-e Moḩammad Taqī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 30 families.
 Kannadi-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Together with Kannadi-I it forms a part of the Kannadi gram panchayat.
 Kołczyn [ˈkɔu̯t͡ʂɨn] (German: Költschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Sulęcin and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 400.
 Liepiai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 425 people.
 Qareh Tappeh (Persian: قره تپه‎; also known as Karatapa Qara Tepe and Rah Tappeh) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 42 families.
 Khor-e Shir Ali (Persian: خرشيرعلي‎ also Romanized as Khor-e Shīr ‘Alī; also known as Jūb-e Shīr ‘Alī) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 28 families.
 Zabarlu (Persian: زبرلو‎ also Romanized as Zabarlū Zabarloo Zaberlu and Zebarlū; also known as Zabazlū Zaberlyu and Zabarlī) is a village in Rudqat Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 18 families.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khairābād) is a village in Dastgerd Rural District in the Central District of Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1076 in 283 families.
 Amand (Persian: امند‎ also Romanized as Āmand) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 966 in 263 families.
 Bychawka Druga-Kolonia [bɨˈxafka ˈdruɡa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Osiek [ˈɔɕek] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dar Bahareh (Persian: داربهاره‎ also Romanized as Dār Bahāreh) is a village in Dorunak Rural District Zeydun District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 39 families.
 Bharatpur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12180 and had 2230 houses.
 Abdolabad (Persian: عبدل اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdolābād; also known as Abdollāhābād and ‘Abdollāhābād) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 20 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Liveh (Persian: مزرعه ليوه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Līveh; also known as Līveh) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District Ilkhchi District Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 10 families.
 Çetmi is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as Al’var and Ālvār) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1330 in 266 families.
 Puszczykowo-Zaborze [puʂt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ zaˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 24.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād; also known as Akrābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 8 families.
 Karamjavan (Persian: كرمجوان‎ also Romanized as Karamjavān) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2262 in 506 families.
 Ortabereket is a village in the District of Ayaş Ankara Province Turkey.
 Hamzar (Persian: همزارع‎ also Romanized as Hamzārʿ) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 31 families.
 Kosruppe is a village in Sri Lanka located within Central Province.
 Kopito is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Periyalur (Tamil: பெரியாளூர் ) is a village in Pudukkottai District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is populated by approximately one thousand families.
 Cham-e Divan (Persian: چم ديوان‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Dīvān) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 884 in 192 families.
 Łaguny [waˈɡunɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Opinogóra Górna 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 85 km (53 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Goran (Persian: گران‎ also Romanized as Gorān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yukarıakın is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province Turkey. At 36°53′N 33°01′E it is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Karaman is 59 kilometres (37 mi). The population of the village was 151 as of 2011. According to page of Karaman news the founders of the village were the members of a tribe named Ağaçeri and were Akıncı (irregular cavalry in the early years of the Ottoman Empire) . The original name of the village was Akın.
 Kızılcakışla Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Hamamlu (Persian: حماملو‎ also Romanized as Hamāmlū and Ḩammāmlū; Azerbaijani: Hamamlı; also known as Ḩammām ‘Alī and Khamamlu) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 35 families.
 Anigua is a settlement in the west of Guam. It is located just to the west of the capital Hagåtña.
 Lockland is a village in Hamilton County Ohio United States. The population was 3449 at the 2010 census. Lockland is located in southwest Ohio north of Cincinnati. Its population has somewhat declined since the latter part of the 20th century.[citation needed]
 Salsnes is a village in the municipality of Fosnes in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on the mainland of Fosnes on a small isthmus of land between the Foldafjord and the lake Salsvatnet. Salen Chapel is located in the village.
 Deh-e Howz (Persian: ده حوض‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩowẕ Deh Ḩowz and Deh Hoz; also known as Ḩowz) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 42 families.
 Linne [ˈlinnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rypin and 60 km (37 mi) east of Toruń.
 Agh Ziarat (Persian: اغ زيارت‎ also Romanized as Āgh Zīārat; also known as Āq Zīārat) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 75 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Kazemabad (Persian: تلمبه كاظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Kāẓemābād) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Opole [ɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Radzymin 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Wołomin and 32 km (20 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 290.
 Kugan Baraftab (Persian: كوگان برافتاب‎ also Romanized as Kūgān Barāftāb; also known as Kabkān Gabgān Kabgān and Kūgān) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Kaşlıca is a village in the District of Tut Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Kalayeh (Persian: كلايه‎ also Romanized as Kalāyeh) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 17 families.
 Uda Weragama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tamsalu Saare County is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Lamkowo [lamˈkɔvɔ] (German: Groß Lemkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Stara Góra [ˈstara ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) south-west of Góra and 69 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت آباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Sofla Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 5 families.
 Pärase is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia. During the civil war in Seriba Miko Malic fled to this area in attempt to gather himself and fight back against the rebels. He gathered his fellow Serbians and co-captain Dallas Dewitt and together they stormed the capital of that 3rd world country by throwing baconegg and cheese buiscuts and bad American literature at them until the gave up.
 Valnontey is a small village of Cogne in Aosta Valley the smallest region of Italy. It is completely within the Gran Paradiso National Park.
 Niemce [ˈɲɛmt͡sɛ] is a village in Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Niemce. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of approximately 5000.
 Otry [ˈɔtrɨ] (German Ottern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kolno and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Kausi is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Zereshgeh (Persian: زرشگه‎ also Romanized as Zereshgāh and Zarishkah) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1185 in 279 families.
 Boksum is a small village in Menaldumadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 400 citizens (2004).It has a bakery a community center and two church buildings. The oldest of the two churches which was built between 1080 and 1120 is still used as a church belonging to the Dutch Reformers. The elementary school in Boksum teaches three language: Nederlands Frisian and English.
 Aleksandrów [alɛkˈsandruf] is a village in Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Aleksandrów. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 91 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.During WWII Aleskandrow was in the midst of partisan activity against the local German garrison and the ensuing Operation Sturmwind II that culminated in the Battle of Osuchy.
 Bindhyawasini is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. According to the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2402 living in 485 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 3041 of which 37% was literate.
 Lamiyan (Persian: لاميان‎ also Romanized as Lamīyan Lāmeyān and Lāmīān; also known as Lāmanjān) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2321 in 539 families.
 Chanibeh-ye Yek (Persian: چنيبه يك‎ also Romanized as Chanībeh-ye Yek) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 34 families.
 Pol-e Shekasteh (Persian: پل شكسته‎ also Romanized as Pol Shekasteh) is a village in Chamzey Rural District in the Central District of Malekshahi County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sutjeska (Serbian Cyrillic: Сутјеска pronounced [sûtjɛska]) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Sečanj municipality in the Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (60.21%) and a sizable Romanian minority (28.26%) and a population of 1737 people (2002 census).
 Bagh Miran (Persian: باغ ميران‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Mīrān and Bāgh-e Mīrān) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 14 families.
 Mrukowa [mruˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Jasielski within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Osiek Jasielski 17 km (11 mi) south of Jasło and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 570.
 Lututów [luˈtutuf] is a village in Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lututów. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Wieruszów and 85 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1432.
 Pedapalla is a village in Alamuru Mandal in the East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Bonisław [bɔˈniswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Witkowo II (German Wittichow bei Stargard) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 493.
 Prusim [ˈpruɕim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kwilcz 10 km (6 mi) east of Międzychód and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Przybyszów [pʂɨˈbɨʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Shuravash-e Olya (Persian: شورواش عليا‎ also Romanized as Shūravāsh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Bazan Rural District in the Central District of Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 5 families.
 Zangolabad (Persian: زنگل اباد‎ also Romanized as Zangolābād and Zangalabad; also known as Rangolābād) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 50 families.
 Khoriya is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 people living in 572 individual households.
 Otročín (German: Landek) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Elkhorn is a village in southwestern Manitoba Canada.Incorporated on January 2 1906 it is located approximately 105 kilometers west of Brandon. It is surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Wallace.
 Qorqoruk-e Olya (Persian: قرقروك عليا‎ also Romanized as Qorqorūk-e ‘Olyā Qarqorūk-e ‘Olyā and Qarqorūk ‘Olyā; also known as Qorqorūk-e Bālā) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 13 families.
 Muzigaleh (Persian: موزي گله‎ also Romanized as Mūzīgaleh) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 608 in 161 families.
 Suszec [ˈsuʂɛt͡s] (German Sussetz) is a village in Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Suszec. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Pszczyna and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 4130.
 Chaman (Persian: چمان‎ also Romanized as Chamān) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 507 in 124 families.
 Śladków Podleśny [ˈɕlatkuf pɔdˈlɛɕnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Piątek 13.9 km (9 mi) east of Łęczyca and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1630 in 334 families.
 Ogorzelec [ɔɡɔˈʐɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Panzdah-e Khordad (Persian: پانزده خرداد‎ also Romanized as Pānzdah-e Khordād) is a village in Lumar Rural District Central District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 33 families.
 Buckeye Lake is a village in Fairfield and Licking counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 2746 at the 2010 census. It is named for Buckeye Lake a large lake along which the village is built.
 Yenimurat is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Qezel Hesar (Persian: قزل حصار‎ also Romanized as Qezel Ḩeşār; also known as Ghezel Hesan and Qizil Hisār) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 33 families.
 Millville is a village in Butler County Ohio United States. The population was 708 at the 2010 census. It was established in 1815 by Joseph Van Horn who opened a grist mill there about 1805. Baseball's first commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis was born in Millville.
 Sushitsa is a village in Simitli Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Eslamabad-e Gorgian (Persian: اسلام ابادگرگيان‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Gorgīān; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mirpur (मीरपुर) is an village located in the Sirohi District of Rajasthan India.[citation needed] It was known historically as Hamirapura (हमीरपुर).Mirpur was established by Ladu Singh Solanki in the late 19th century and is sacred to Parshvanath. The first MLA of Sirohi Jawan Singh was also from this village.[citation needed]The village is also known for its Jain tirtha called Mirpur Jain Temple.
 Poręba Średnia [pɔˈrɛmba ˈɕrɛdɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Brańszczyk 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Wyszków and 71 km (44 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kafoshan (Persian: كافشان‎ also Romanized as Kāfoshān; also known as Gāh Fashān Gāh Foshān Kāh Fashān and Kāpāsān) is a village in Zazeran Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1655 in 443 families.
 Mieleszki [mjɛˈlɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Gródek and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Manojlovci (Serbian: Манојловци) is a village in the municipality of Topola Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 144 people.
 Walgama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bieniów [ˈbjɛɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Rejowiec 12 km (7 mi) west of Chełm and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Czaczek [ˈt͡ʂat͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Obuchowizna [ɔbuxɔˈvʲizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Yuvalar is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 433 people.
 Magnojević Gornji (Cyrillic: Магнојевић Горњи) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shahababad (Persian: شهاب اباد‎ also Romanized as Shahābābād) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 49 families.
 Sharqliyya (Arabic: شرقلية‎ also spelled Sharqlieh) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located northwest of Homs. Nearby localities include al-Qabu and al-Shinyah to the west al-Taybah al-Gharbiyah to the northwest Taldou to the northeast and Ghur Gharbiyah to the east. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Sharqliyya had a population of 1362 in the 2004 census.
 Miętkie-Kolonia [ˈmjɛntkʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Owidz [ˈɔvit͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Starogard Gdański and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 445.
 Butalanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pir Mohammad Seyd Asdalah (Persian: پيرمحمدسيداسداله‎ also Romanized as Pīr Moḥammad Seyd Āsdālah) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chir-e Sofla (Persian: چيرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Chīr-e Soflá) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Staniszcze Wielkie [staˈniʂt͡ʂɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolonowskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kolonowskie 18 km (11 mi) north of Strzelce Opolskie and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1169.
 Otaq Sar (Persian: اطاق سر‎ also Romanized as Oţāq Sar) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 38 families.
 Mohammadiyeh (Persian: محمديه‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadīyeh; also known as Muhammadi) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 655 in 183 families.
 Czarnocin [t͡ʂarˈnɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Skarszewy 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Starogard Gdański and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 265.
 Kanchanpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6007.
 Sainte-Madeleine is a village municipality in southwestern Quebec Canada in Les Maskoutains Regional County Municipality. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 2356.Le Camping Ste-Madeleine founded in 1967 for visitors to EXPO 67 is the area's principal tourist attraction.
 Kani Khazran (Persian: كاني خضران‎ also Romanized as Kānī Khaẕrān) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 28 families.
 Ahmad Gharib (Persian: احمدغريب‎ also Romanized as Aḩmad Gharīb) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 54 families.
 Raugu is a village in Orissaare Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Szlatyn [ˈʂlatɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 120 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Wójcin B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Gachi (Persian: گچي‎ also Romanized as Gachī; also known as Gīcheh) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 75 families.
 Jeziora-Nowina [jɛˈʑɔra nɔˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jeruzal [jɛˈruzal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Mrozy 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 61 km (38 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 410.
 Gand Mazar Ruj (Persian: گندمزارروج‎ also Romanized as Gand Mazār Rūj) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dareshgeft (Persian: دراشگفت‎ also Romanized as Darāshgeft) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 6 families.
 Seyu Khosavi Anqolab (Persian: سيوخسوانقلاب‎ also Romanized as Seyū Khosavī Ānqolāb; also known as Seyū Khosavī Morādkhān and So’ūkhsū-ye Morādkhān) is a village in Gholaman Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 633 in 147 families.
 Sahra Sefid (Persian: صحراسفيد‎ also Romanized as Şaḩrā Sefīd; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Şaḩrā Sefīd Sar-i-Sefīd and Sar Safīd) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 73 families.
 Surasettikoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Boruiyeh (Persian: برويه‎ also Romanized as Borūīyeh; also known as Būrrū’īyeh) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 20 families.
 Szarwark [ˈʂarvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Shaneh Tarash Mahalleh (Persian: شانه تراش محله‎ also Romanized as Shāneh Tarāsh Maḩalleh; also known as Shāneh Tarāsh) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 23 families.
 Sachalin [saˈxalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dąbrówka. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Wołomin and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 535.
 Ruda Maleniecka [ˈruda malɛˈɲɛt͡ska] is a village in Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ruda Maleniecka. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Końskie and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 610.
 Zofiewo [zɔˈfjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Skrwilno 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Rypin and 68 km (42 mi) east of Toruń.
 Ziarat-e Talang (Persian: زيارت تلنگ‎ also Romanized as Zīārat-e Talang) is a village in Karian Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 40 families.
 Quảng Phúc is a commune (xã) and village in Quảng Trạch District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Kashki (Persian: كاشكي‎ also Romanized as Kāshkī) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 34 families.
 Jerzyce [jɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Piotrków Kujawski 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Radziejów and 53 km (33 mi) south of Toruń.
 Konarzyce [kɔnaˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Łomża and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Harvi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Manvi taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Chełsty [ˈxɛu̯stɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Różan within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Różan 24 km (15 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki and 85 km (53 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Naxalbari is the name of a village and a community development block in northern part of the state of West Bengal India. Naxalbari block comes under the jurisdiction of Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district. Naxalbari became famous for the left wing revolt that took place in the late 1960s.
 Deh Shams-e Bozorg (Persian: ده شمس بزرگ‎) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 767 in 126 families.
 Beauregard is a village in Copiah County Mississippi United States. The population was 265 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Saungle is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Sharifabad-e Chah Kan (Persian: شريف ابادچه كان‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād-e Chah Kān) is a village in Karvandar Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 46 families.
 Dobrodol (Serbian: Добродол Hungarian: Dobradó or Dobradópuszta) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Irig municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbering 127 people (2002 census).
 Janowiczki [janɔˈvit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Lębork and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 212.
 Qeshlaq-e Meleh (Persian: قشلاق مله‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Meleh) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 25 families.
 Ratnechaur is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2369 people living in 434 individual households.
 Sarsanguiyeh (Persian: سرسنگوييه‎ also Romanized as Sarsangūīyeh; also known as Sarsangūyeh) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 22 families.
 Drinkwater is a village in Saskatchewan located on a branch of the Canadian Pacific Railway 18 miles south-east of Moose Jaw and is named for Charles Drinkwater an original director of the railway. It can be reached via Saskatchewan Highway 39.
 Kırkpınar is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Kraljevci (Serbian Cyrillic: Краљевци) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ruma municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1232 people (2002 census).
 Partyzancka Kolonia [partɨˈzant͡ska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wojsławice 28 km (17 mi) south of Chełm and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 150.
 Klášter Hradiště nad Jizerou is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Morristown is a village in Belmont County Ohio United States. It is part of the Wheeling West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 303 at the 2010 census.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 18 families.
 Arham is a village and commune of the Cercle of Diré in the Tombouctou Region of Mali.
 Ottoland is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Molenwaard and lies about 10 km northwest of Gorinchem.In 2001 the village of Ottoland had 173 inhabitants.
 Savar (Persian: صور‎ also Romanized as Şavar) is a village in Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 52 families.
 Çamdibi is a village in the District of Kuyucak Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 449 people.
 Osmaniye is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 84 people.
 Smardzewo [smarˈd͡zɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Sochocin 8 km (5 mi) north of Płońsk and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Boluk Ajan (Persian: بلوك اجن‎ also Romanized as Bolūk Ājan and Bolūk Ajan) is a village in Aq Su Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 92 families.
 Mietlica [mjɛˈtlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Mokrsko [ˈmɔkrskɔ] is a village in Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mokrsko. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wieluń and 97 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1500.
 Hatu is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Alteveer is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is largely located in the municipality Stadskanaal about 7 km northeast of the centre of Stadskanaal. The mouses on the western edge of the village are part of the municipality of Pekela.Alteveer was founded along the Alteveer canal which runs north from Stadskanaal.
 Trnjane is a village in the municipality of Požarevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 915 people.
 Shalheh-ye Fazeli (Persian: شلحه فاضلي‎ also Romanized as Shalheh-ye Fāẕelī) is a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District in the Central District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 7 families.
 Emam Qeys (Persian: امام قيس‎ also Romanized as Emām Qeys and Imam Qais; also known as Emāmzādeh and Imam Onis) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District Gandoman District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2638 in 615 families.
 Maliankara is a village in Paravur Taluk Ernakulam district of Kerala. It is located near Moothakunnam. It is also a boat ride away from Munambam and accessible by bridge to Pallipuram of Vypin island. Along with Munambam it forms the north-west corner of Ernakulam district where the Periyar river ends in the Arabian sea.
 Bhoganur is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Chigu (Persian: چيگو‎ also Romanized as Chīgū and Chigoo) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 657 in 115 families.
 Kandzilé-Mdjoihaya is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 957.
 Brzozówka Folwarczna [bʐɔˈzufka fɔlˈvart͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Mońki and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bahwil is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Dzierzbiętów Duży [d͡ʑɛʐˈbjɛntuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łęczyca and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Berzyna [bɛˈʐɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wolsztyn and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Alahacılı is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Rybaki [rɨˈbaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 120.
 Dobrosułów [dɔbrɔˈsuwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytnica within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Bytnica 19 km (12 mi) north of Krosno Odrzańskie 40 km (25 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 60 km (37 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 500.
 Niemirki [ɲeˈmirki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jabłonna Lacka 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 104 km (65 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Chenar Mishavan (Persian: چنارميشوان‎ also Romanized as Chenār Mīshavān; also known as Chenār Mashavān Chenār Mishāūn Chenār Mīshūn and Mīshavān) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 683 in 153 families.
 Beytas (Persian: بيطاس‎ also Romanized as Beyţās) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 38 families.
 Chościszowice [xɔɕt͡ɕiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Bolesławiec and 103 km (64 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 60.
 Rang Raz (Persian: رنگرز‎) is a village in Juqin Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 96 families.
 Catharinas Hope is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Vemagiri is situated in East Godavari district in Kadiyam region in Andhra Pradesh State.
 Nowjeh Deh (Persian: نوجه ده‎; also known as Navābī Navādeh Novābī Novādeh Pīr Nuvābi and Nuvady) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Khosrowshahr District Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2057 in 372 families.
 Emamzadeh Esmail (Persian: امامزاده اسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Esmā‘īl) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1990 in 476 families.
 Kunnumpuram is a village near Tanur town Malappuram district Kerala India. Early Buddhist monastery (Narimada) situated near the Central AUP School Pariyapuram# A 'bhodhi vriksha' tree brought from Colombo #SriLanka# was planted here by a Buddhist saint#
 Dargu Shomali (Persian: درگوشمالي‎ also Romanized as Dargū Shomālī; also known as Dargoo Dargu and Darkū-ye Shemālī) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Cudków [ˈt͡sutkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Zielona within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dąbrowa Zielona 39 km (24 mi) east of Częstochowa and 83 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 53.
 Łosinno [wɔˈɕinnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wyszków and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Suk (Persian: سوك‎ also Romanized as Sūḵ; also known as Samūk) is a village in Dehrud Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Zaborów [zaˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Belsk Duży 10 km (6 mi) south of Grójec and 49 km (30 mi) south of Warsaw. There is grocery and primary school in Zaborów.
 Seyyed Ahmadi (Persian: سيداحمدي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Aḩmadī; also known as Seyyed Aḩmad) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 36 families.
 Darreh Nakhi (Persian: دره ناخي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Nākhī Darreh Nakhī and Darreh-ye Nākhī; also known as Darreh Nākheh) is a village in Dezli Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 529 in 118 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Nariman Kandi Hajj Khan Owghlan (Persian: قشلاق نريمان كندئ حاج خان اوغلان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Narīmān Kandī Ḩājj Khān Owghlān; also known as Qeshlāq-e Narīmān and Qeshlāq-e Narīmān-e Khān Ūghlān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Truseryd is a village in Karlskrona Municipality Blekinge County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 65 people.
 Gavineh Rud (Persian: گاوينه رود‎ also Romanized as Gāvīneh Rūd; also known as Kavan Rūd and Kāvīneh Rūd) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 415 in 85 families.
 Bechcice-Wieś [bɛxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nawino [naˈvinɔ] (formerly German Naffin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Białogard and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mokry Dwór [ˈmɔkrɨ ˈdvur] (German: Nassenhuben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Pruszcz Gdański and 10 km (6 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Nassenhuben earlier also called Nassenhof was a small estate in Prussia. A church was first established in 1632.
 Matsiloje is a village in the North East District of Botswana on the west bank of the Ramokgwebana River which forms the border with Zimbabwe.A tarmac road connects the village to Francistown to the east.The village has a junior secondary school.The village lies beside the Matsiloje hills which are quarried for limestone used in manufacturing cement and soapstone products.The exploratory Muphanephane gold mine is in the Matsiloje area.In 2002 there was an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the Matsiloje and Matshelagabedi areas with another outbreak in the Matopi and Tseteng areas towards the end of the year. 
 Sang Bon (Persian: سنگ بن‎) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Rig (Persian: سرريگ‎ also Romanized as Sar Rīg) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 787 in 172 families.
 Kuyaş is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Pahalat (Persian: پاهلت‎ also Romanized as Pāhalat Pā ‘Allat Pā‘elat and Pāhlat) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 53 families.
 Brzózki [ˈbʐuski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Popów 13 km (8 mi) north of Kłobuck and 87 km (54 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 211.
 Deh-e Karam (Persian: ده کرم‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Karam; also known as Deh-e Karīm and Deh Garm) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 38 families.
 Khasban (Persian: خسبان‎ also Romanized as Khasbān) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1009 in 292 families.
 Luberadz [luˈbɛrat͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ojrzeń 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Ciechanów and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 260.
 Gracjanów [ɡrat͡sˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Uuta is a village in Nõo Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Kosowo [kɔˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Mrocza 7 km (4 mi) north of Nakło nad Notecią and 30 km (19 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Nezamabad (Persian: نظاماباد‎ also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād) is a village in Almahdi Rural District Mohammadyar District Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 117 families.
 Tomašnica is a small village in the Republic of Croatia in Karlovac County. It is located on the left bank of the Dobra river in region called Gornje (Upper) Pokuplje ten kilometres from Karlovac in the direction of Netretić. It belongs to municipality of Ozalj; population 158 (census 2011).
 Malwanahinna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.Malwanahinna is a village located in Kandy district Akurana Pradeshya Shaba
 Giżyno [ɡiˈʐɨnɔ] (German: Glesen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kalisz Pomorski 24 km (15 mi) south of Drawsko Pomorskie and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Harir (Persian: حرير‎ also Romanized as Ḩarīr) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 931 in 241 families.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 11 families.
 Chah Kenar (Persian: چاه كنار‎ also Romanized as Chāh Kenār) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wronów [ˈvrɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Łępice [wɛmˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Głogówko Królewskie [ɡwɔˈɡufkɔ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] (German: Königlich Glukowko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Świecie 40 km (25 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 42 km (26 mi) north of Toruń.
 Miechów [ˈmjɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sulęcin 27 km (17 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 67 km (42 mi) north of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hamzabeyli is a village in Lalapaşa town of Edirne Province Turkey and one of the three border crossing points between Turkey and Bulgaria is situated within here. This border crossing is the newest yet opened between Bulgaria and Turkey in 2006. The counterpart of Hamzabeyli is Lesovo (Bulgarian: Лесово) on the Bulgarian side.Hamzabeyli border crossing point was previously in use in Ottoman times. But closed after the fall of the empire.
 Bozorg Shivand (Persian: بزرگ شيوند‎ also Romanized as Bozorg Shīvand) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 65 families.
 Zgrzebichy [zɡʐɛˈbixɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Shad Neshin (Persian: شادنشين‎ also Romanized as Shād Neshīn; also known as Shāh Neshīn) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 84 families.
 Azghand (Persian: ازغند‎; also known as Azghaneh Azhand and Azqand) is a village in and the capital of Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1313 in 402 families.
 Fornetka [fɔrˈnɛtka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Szypliszki 18 km (11 mi) north of Suwałki and 125 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Thondarampet East is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Poczałkowo [pɔt͡ʂau̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 24 km (15 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 104.
 Mowtowr-e Ahmad Mirjani (Persian: موتوراحمدميرجاني‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Aḩmad Mīrjānī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Zdziechowice Drugie [zd͡ʑɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików within Stalowa Wola County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Uch Tappeh (Persian: اوچ تپه‎ also Romanized as Ūch Tappeh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Sharqi Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1716 in 328 families.
 Chakkol (Persian: چكل‎ also Romanized as Chak Gol) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 485 in 97 families.
 Kumalgaun is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2617 people living in 413 individual households.
 Salim Chaf (Persian: سليم چاف‎ also Romanized as Salīm Chāf; also known as Salīm Chāk) is a village in Dehgah Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 109 families.
 Shenayez (Persian: شنايز‎ also Romanized as Shenāyez; also known as Shenā’ez and Shenā’īz) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District Mahmeleh District Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 11 families.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Dizaj Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1446 in 295 families.
 Nadziejów [naˈd͡ʑejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Otmuchów 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Nysa and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 280.
 Chahar Farsakh (Persian: چهارفرسخ‎ also Romanized as Chahār Farsakh and Chehār Farsakh; also known as Chahār Farsang and Chehār Farsang) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 656 in 178 families.
 Łukawka [wuˈkafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wojciechowice 9 km (6 mi) east of Opatów and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 89.
 Øre is a village and former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the Batnfjorden in the present-day Gjemnes Municipality. The village lies about half-way between the villages of Batnfjordsøra and Torvikbukt. Øre Church is located in this village. The village of Øre was the administrative centre of the old Øre Municipality which existed from 1838 until 1965.
 Emamzadeh Pir Mardan (Persian: امامزاده پيرمردان‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Pīr Mardān) is a village in Torud Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tokha Sarswoti is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 5152 .
 Jevik is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 60 people.
 Kichi (Persian: كيچي‎ also Romanized as Kīchī) is a village in Zefreh Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dereli is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 122 people.
 Crvenice is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ilıca (literally Spa) is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°41′N 33°11′E its situated in the Toros Mountains to the west of Turkish state highway D.715 and Göksu River. Its distance to Mut is 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 190 kilometres (120 mi). The population of Ilıca was 559 as of 2012. It is a yayla and during the summers the population of the village increases. Main economic activity is agriculture and animal husbandry.
 Sarijalu (Persian: ساريجالو‎ also Romanized as Sārījālū; also known as Sardzhalu Sārejlū Sārījlū Sārījollū Sārījolū and Sārjalū) is a village in Guzal Darreh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 451 in 115 families.
 Deh Qazi (Persian: ده قاضي‎ also Romanized as Deh Qāz̤ī) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District Kohanabad District Aradan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cheshmeh Rizak-e Mowgar Bolehdan (Persian: چشمه ريزك موگربلهدان‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rīzak-e Mowgar Bolehdān) is a village in Chenar Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karalar Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Łosie-Dołęgi [ˈwɔɕɛ dɔˈwɛŋɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Marjanabad (Persian: مرجان اباد‎ also Romanized as Marjānābād) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 468 in 101 families.
 Muratyn-Kolonia [muˈratɨn kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kanyana is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Marjanabad (Persian: مرجان اباد‎ also Romanized as Marjānābād) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazidabad (Persian: مزيداباد‎ also Romanized as Mazīdābād) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yekshaveh (Persian: يكشوه‎; also known as Yek Shabā) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 107 families.
 Velika Daljegošta (Serbian: Велика Даљегошта) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wilcze [ˈvilt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Darbagheh (Persian: دارباغه‎ also Romanized as Dārbāgheh) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 43 families.
 Lajarab (Persian: لجاراب‎ also Romanized as Lajārāb) is a village in Nargesan Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 38 families.
 Geleh Deh Rud (Persian: گله ده رود‎ also Romanized as Geleh Deh Rūd; also known as Geleh Deh and Gelleh Deh) is a village in Soluk Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 538 in 113 families.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Soltaniyeh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. During the 2006 census its existence was noted however its population was not reported.
 Kalateh-ye Baraq-e Olya (Persian: كلاته برق عليا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Baraq-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 37 families.
 Angelariy is a village in Tervel Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Folomana is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 146 square kilometers and includes 17 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 10478.
 Bahan (Persian: بهان‎ also Romanized as Bahān and Behān; also known as Dīhūn) is a village in Doboluk Rural District Arjomand District Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 57 families.
 Jäneda (German: Jendel) is a small village in northern Estonia. It is located in Lääne-Viru County (from autumn 2005) and is a part of Tapa municipality.
 Clabony is a town in Saint Andrew Parish Grenada. It is located at the center of the island.
 Kurkanlu-ye Sofla (Persian: كوركانلوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kūrkānlū-e Soflá; also known as Kūrkānlū and Kūrkānlū-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 41 families.
 Vlekkem is a sub-municipality of Erpe-Mere in Flanders. It is located on the Molenbeek in the Denderstreek southeast of East Flanders and belongs to the Arrondissement of Aalst. The sub-municipality is bordered by the hamlet Egem of the sub-municipality Bambrugge the sub-municipality Ottergem and the municipality Sint-Lievens-Houtem (sub-municipalities Vlierzele and Zonnegem). Vlekkem has 292 inhabitants as of 1 January 2003 and an area of 1.22 km.
 Hardy is a village in Nuckolls County Nebraska United States. The population was 159 at the 2010 census.
 Bajerze [baˈjɛʐɛ] (German: Baiersee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Chełmno 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Toruń and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Małe Walichnowy [ˈmawɛ valixˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Pelplin 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Tczew and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 415.
 Nurabad-e Yek (Persian: نور آباد1‎ also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Yek; also known as Nūrābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 929 in 176 families.
 Hiresindhogi also spelled as Hire Sindhogi (Kannada: ಹಿರೇಸಿಂಧೋಗಿ ) is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Hiresindhogi is located South to District Headquarters Koppal and is 12 km from Koppal city.
 Ścięgna [ˈɕt͡ɕeŋɡna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zagnańsk and 11 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kohlu-ye Olya (Persian: كهلوعليا‎ also Romanized as Kohlū-ye ‘Olyā and Kahloo Olya; also known as Kholeh Bāla Kohlū Kohlū Bālā and Kohlū-ye Bālā) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 84 families.
 Palak-e Olya (Persian: پلك عليا‎ also Romanized as Palak-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 89 families.
 Wólka Tanewska [ˈvulka taˈnɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulanów within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) east of Nisko and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejsce Piastowe within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Krosno and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 340.
 Logtun is a village in the municipality of Frosta in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) southwest of the municipal center of Frosta. It is the location of the historic Logtun Church near the area of the old Frostating.
 Mus (Persian: موس‎ also Romanized as Mūs) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 34 families.
 Thanh Vân is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Valu Kola (Persian: ولوكلا‎ also Romanized as Valū Kolā and Valū Kalā) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1586 in 410 families.
 Kroken is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Jakranpalle is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Gute (Serbian: Гуте) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Moshkabad (Persian: مشك اباد‎ also Romanized as Moshkābād) is a village in Soltaniyeh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 407 in 103 families.
 Aina-villi is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Ainavilli is famous for Sri Vara Siddi Vinayaka Temple the famous spiritual site of Lord Ganesha in the Konaseema Region of East Godavari Disristt. In years gone by rulers of Peddapuram and Tuni Royals Sri Vatsavai Jagapati Raju Bahadur developed Ainavilli and Mukteswaram Temples.The temple has gained significant popularity in recent years with thousands of devotees visiting it.
 Gorgab-e Sofla (Persian: گرگاب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gorgāb-e Soflá; also known as Gorgāb) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dari Char Khajuria is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Darreh-ye Lebad (Persian: دره لبد‎; also known as Darrehleb) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 19 families.
 Weli Oya Divisional Secretariat (Tamil: Manal Aru) is a Divisional Secretariat in Mullaithivu District in Northern province in Sri Lanka. A body of running water moving to a lower level in a channel on land is called Manal Aru in Tamil. Weli Oya has been affected by the Sri Lankan civil war and government colonization programs.
 Lõetsa is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Pieńczykówek [pjɛɲt͡ʂɨˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Rajgród 11 km (7 mi) east of Grajewo and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Skupie [ˈskupjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Mokobody 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Siedlce and 76 km (47 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Badrani (Persian: بدراني‎ also Romanized as Badrānī and Bedrānī) is a village in Jaffal Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 829 in 154 families.
 Eslamiyeh (Persian: اسلاميه‎ also Romanized as Eslāmīyeh; also known as Shahrak-e Eslāmīyeh) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1532 in 451 families.
 Doły [ˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ostrowite 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Słupca and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mangelas-e Kuchak (Persian: منگلاس كوچك‎ also Romanized as Mangelās-e Kūchak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Köprülü Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kowalewo [kɔvaˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szlichtyngowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Szlichtyngowa 8 km (5 mi) south of Wschowa and 61 km (38 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Sabbarin was a Palestinian Arab village located 28 kilometers south of Haifa. According to the 1931 census of Palestine the village had a population of 1108 inhabitants and the village's lands spanned 25307 dunams.
 Hajji Tu (Persian: حاجي تو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Tū Haji Too and Ḩājītū) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 146 families.
 Proštinac is a village in the municipality of Svilajnac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 254 people.
 Navideh (Persian: نويده‎ also Romanized as Navīdeh) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 981 in 283 families.
 Stara Maryśka [ˈstara maˈrɨɕka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kamik is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 112 people.
 Ganahdar (Persian: گنه دار‎ also Romanized as Ganahdār) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 32 families.
 Stefanovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Al-Samiriyya (Arabic: السامرية‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the District of Baysan. It was depopulated by the Israel Defense Forces during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on May 27 1948 as part of Operation Gideon. It was located 7 km southeast of Baysan.In 1945 the village had a population of 250. The village had a mosque and three Khirbas: Khirbat al-Humra Tulul al-Thawm and Tall al-Khab.
 Anjilaq (Persian: انجيلاق‎ also Romanized as Anjīlāq and Anḩīlāq) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 557 in 168 families.
 Kärdu is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Dehnar (Persian: دهنار‎ also Romanized as Dehnār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 16 families.
 Bu ol Qeytas (Persian: بوالقيطاس‎ also Romanized as Bū ol Qeyţās and Bowlqeyţās; also known as Belghitas) is a village in Koleyn Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Siavarz (Persian: سياورز‎ also Romanized as Sīāvarz and Sīya Varaz; also known as Siyah Varz) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 893 in 274 families.
 Manimala is an area in the Kottayam district of Kerala in India. It is situated about 12 kilometers away from the nearest town Kanjirappally.
 Wilczak [ˈvilt͡ʂak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Biecz 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Gorlice and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Gathi-Loumbo (or Gatié Loumo on some maps) is a village and seat of the commune of Farimaké in the Cercle of Youwarou in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.
 Qasr-e Mian (Persian: قصرميان‎ also Romanized as Qaşr-e Mīān Qasr-e-Mīyan Qasr-i- Mīān and Qāsr-e Meyān; Dīvānī and Quer-i-Mīān) is a village in Rayen Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 17 families.
 Deh Sar (Persian: دهسر‎) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 541 in 157 families.
 Meşeliçiftliğiköyü is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Fort Johnson formerly known as Akin is a village in Montgomery County New York United States. The population was 490 at the 2010 census.The Village of Fort Johnson is in the south part of the town of Amsterdam west of the city of Amsterdam.
 Hajji Mir Nezam (Persian: حاجي ميرنظام‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Mīr Neẓām) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Edrisabad (Persian: ادريس اباد‎ also Romanized as Edrīsābād and Edresābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chehel Cheshmeh (Persian: چهل چشمه‎) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 16 families.
 Aharpada is a small village in Khandatada Panchayata Bhadrak district Orissa India with a population of nearly 1000.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 22 families.
 Sadala is a village in Juuru Parish Rapla County Estonia. It has an area of 385 ha and a population of 10 (as of 1 February 2010).Sadala village was detached from Lõiuse and Järlepa villages in 2010.
 Cham Kabud-e Vosta (Persian: چمكبودوسطي‎ also Romanized as Cham Kabūd-e Vosţá) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Nakwasin [nakˈfaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Mała Wieś 33 km (21 mi) east of Płock and 64 km (40 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Bhistenatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Bądecz [ˈbɔndɛt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wysoka 25 km (16 mi) east of Piła and 92 km (57 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kord Lar (Persian: كردلر‎) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 511 in 103 families.
 Stirling is a village in the County of Warner No. 5 Alberta Canada. The village is located on Highway 4 approximately 31 km (19 mi) southeast of Lethbridge and 72 km (45 mi) northwest of the United States-Canada border.The Village of Stirling is also referred to as Stirling Agricultural Village due to its designation as a National Historic Site of Canada.
 Dragovo is a village in Karnobat Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Szczupak [ˈʂt͡ʂupak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Cyców 19 km (12 mi) east of Łęczna and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Cheshmeh Kuzan-e Sofla (Persian: چشمه کوزان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kūzān-e Soflá; also known as Kuzan Sofla (Persian: کوزان سفلي) also Romanized as Kūzān Soflá) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sekam (Persian: سكام‎ also Romanized as Sekām; also known as Seh Kām) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 112 families.
 Kharai-ye Pain (Persian: خرائي پائين‎ also Romanized as Kharā’ī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Kharā’ī) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 20 families.
 Mangavati is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Dugolbandeh (Persian: دوگل بنده‎ also Romanized as Dūgolbandeh; also known as Dogolbandeh) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 36 families.
 Rogowo [rɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād and Yūsofābād; also known as Maḩalleh-ye Mojāver-e Ḩeşār) is a village in Guney-ye Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 92 families.
 Shahrak-e Golmarz (Persian: شهرك گلمرز‎; also known as Golmarz) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 131 families.
 Otryby is a village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located near Český Šternberk.
 Gol Aspidi (Persian: گل اسپيدي‎ also Romanized as Gpl Āspīdī) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 5 families.
 Szczepanów [ʂt͡ʂɛˈpanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sobków 13 km (8 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kržava is a village in the municipality of Krupanj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 806 people.
 Lalandermuri (Persian: لالندرموري‎ also Romanized as Lālandermūrī) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Matnin (Arabic: متنين‎ also spelled Mitneen) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located just west of Hama. Nearby localities include Tayzin to the north al-Rabiaa to the west Birin to the south and Kafr Buhum to the southeast. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Matnin had a population of 2446 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
 Khujomli (Persian: خوجملي‎ also Romanized as Khūjomlī and Khoojamli; also known as Khojom Bardī-ye Aqdasī and Kojun) is a village in Soltanali Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 72 families.
 Audjassaare is a village in Mikitamäe Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Gajlity [ɡai̯ˈlitɨ] (German Galitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).Gajlity has a population of 1 household.
 Thumbedin is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2583 people living in 439 individual households.
 Niedary [ɲeˈdarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drwinia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Drwinia 16 km (10 mi) north of Bochnia and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Akozek (Kazakh: Ақөзек) is a small agricultural village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.Akozek is located several kilometres north of the Kapchagay Reservoir (Qapshaghay Bogeni Reservoir).
 Çamlıca is a village in the Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 74 people.
 Molla Qorbani (Persian: ملاقرباني‎ also Romanized as Mollā Qorbānī; also known as Sarāb-e Mollā Qorbānī and Seyl Mollā Qorbānī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 12 families.
 Çakıllar is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 56 people.
 Budzyń [ˈbud͡zɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liszki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Liszki and 12 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 350.
 Tuseh Rud (Persian: توسه رود‎ also Romanized as Tūseh Rūd; also known as Tūsīrū) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 23 families.
 Devaguptam is situated in East Godavari district in Allavaram in Andhra Pradesh State.
 Dom Afshan (Persian: دم افشان‎ also Romanized as Dom Afshān Dam Afshān and Domafshān) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 94 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولتاباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Daulatābād and Dowlatābād Ḩūmeh) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 14 families.
 Maqtu-e Sofla (Persian: مقطوع سفلي‎ also Romanized as Maqţū‘-e Soflá; also known as Maqţū‘-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 52 families.
 Smolarz [ˈsmɔlaʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Kurowo within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Stare Kurowo 12 km (7 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 30.
 Pueblo Liebig is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Farheh (Persian: فرهه‎) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 15 families.
 Al-Manshiyya (Arabic: المنشية‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tiberias Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on March 3 1948. It was located 11 kilometres south of Tiberias.
 Sena is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 232 people.
 Kim Long is a commune (xã) and village in Châu Đức District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Darreh Bid-e Deli Gerdu (Persian: دره بيددلي گردو‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bīd-e Delī Gerdū; also known as Darreh Bīd) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Biedrzychów [bjɛˈdʐɨxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Strzelin and 40 kilometres (25 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Phong Hóa is a commune (xã) and village in Tuyên Hóa District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Kamar Surakh (Persian: كمرسوراخ‎ also Romanized as Kamar Sūrākh) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 25 families.
 Çardaklı is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Palangi (Persian: پلنگي‎ also Romanized as Palangī) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mali Suvodol is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 281 people.
 Hisarcık Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 623 people.
 Tali Estonia is a village in Saarde Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Tiran (Persian: تيران‎ also Romanized as Tīrān) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Kedavur is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Zwierki [ˈzvjɛrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Zabłudów and 12 km (7 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Lenawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Suryapura is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4372 people living in 638 individual households.
 Septemvriytsi Dobrich Province is a village in Kavarna Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Sarabian (Persian: سرابيان‎ also Romanized as Sarābīān; also known as Sarākīān and Sarākīān) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 21 families.
 Thayyur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.Thayyur is administered under Velur Panchayat. This village is in between Erumapetty and Velur. This village is a sample for religious harmony and have a Temple Church and Mosque. Many nearby students study in the Thayyur Govt. High School situated in the centre of Thayyur.
 Wola Gałęzowska-Kolonia [ˈvɔla ɡawɛ̃ˈzɔfska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ziruki-ye Gowhar Kuh (Persian: زيروكي گوهركوه‎ also Romanized as Zīrūkī-ye Gowhar Kūh; also known as Zīrakī Zīrūkī and Zīrūkī Gohar Kūh) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Krupińskie [kruˈpiɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sadowne 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Daulatpur is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil.
 Kotvrdovice is a village in Blansko District South Moravian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 850 (2006).
 Belotić is a village in the municipality of Vladimirci Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 552 people.
 Kisnyárád is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Feriz Nuk (Persian: فريزنوك‎ also Romanized as Ferīz Nūk Ferīznūk Fīrīznuk and Fīrūznok) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 15 families.
 Zarrin Kola (Persian: زرين كلا‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Kolā; also known as Zarrīn Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 513 in 133 families.
 Petrlaš is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 33 people.
 Glińsk [ɡliɲsk] (German: Leimnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Świebodzin 41 km (25 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Imielinek Drugi [imjɛˈlinɛk ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Piti Shim-e Pain (Persian: پيتي شيمپايين‎ also Romanized as Pītī Shīm-e Pā’īn) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jan Aziz (Persian: جان عزيز‎ also Romanized as Jān ‘Azīz) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Kaptigaun is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1847.
 Przespolew Pański [pʂɛsˈpɔlɛf ˈpaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 116 km (72 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kızılca is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Toros Mountains to the north of Bozyazı.. The distance to Bozyazı is 28 kilometres (17 mi) and to Mersin is 217 kilometres (135 mi). The population of the village is 222. as of 2011.
 Niesiołowice [ɲɛɕɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ] (Kashubian Niesołejce) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Stężyca 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 102.
 Sławczyn [ˈswaft͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Kozienice and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Sobolew-Kolonia [sɔˈbɔlɛf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Firlej within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Milejowice [milɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Waśniów 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 120.
 Dukchi (Persian: دوكچي‎ also Romanized as Dūkchī) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 22 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Quja Hajji Khosrow (Persian: قشلاق قوجاحاجي خسرو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qūjā Ḩājjī Khosrow) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Tomlacık is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 144 people.
 Cyk [t͡sɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Szydłowo 6 km (4 mi) west of Piła and 85 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Khormakahn Mashhadi Aqa (Persian: خرماكهن مشهدي اقا‎ also Romanized as Khormākahn Mashhadī Āqā) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qezel Qayah (Persian: قزل قيه‎; also known as Qezel Darreh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 17 families.
 Maniów [ˈmaɲuf] (German: Mohnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mietków and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hend Khaleh (Persian: هندخاله‎ also Romanized as Hend Khāleh; also known as Hendeh Khāleh Hendūkhāleh Hind Khāleh and Khind-Khale) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2188 in 613 families.
 Kal-e Qanbar (Persian: كل قنبر‎) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bioul is a village which following local government boundary reforms in 1977 has been part of the commune of Anhée in the Wallon (Francophone) province of Namur. Bioul was previously administered as am independent commune. In geographical terms Bioul is located on the Condroz plateau a few kilometers to the west of the Meuse valley
 Bobięcino [bɔbjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ] (Kashubian: Papãczëno German: Papenzin) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 45 kilometres (28 mi) south-west of Bytów and 123 km (76 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It had a population of 117 in 2006.
 Veliko Krušince is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 109 people.
 Ali Mardeh (Persian: علي مرده‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Mardeh and ‘Alīmardeh) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 25 families.
 Długojów [dwuˈɡɔjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Zagnańsk and 17 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 104.
 Qaleh-ye Azimabad (Persian: قلعه عظيم آباد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Az̧īmābād; also known as ‘Az̧īmābād and Azīmābād) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4073 in 987 families.
 Nawnglun is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Kurów-Parcel [ˈkuruf ˈpart͡sɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Oporów 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wola Flaszczyna [ˈvɔla flaʂˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Zadzim 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Panbeh Kar (Persian: پنبه كار‎ also Romanized as Panbeh Kār) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Jamienko [jaˈmjɛnkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Tuczno 18 km (11 mi) west of Wałcz and 109 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Sömek is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village at 36°35′N 34°05′E is situated in the peneplane area of Toros Mountains . The distance to Silifke is 37 kilometres (23 mi) and to Mersin is 85 kilometres (53 mi). The population of Sömek was 794 as of 2011 . Like most other settlements in Mersin Province the area around Sömek is full of ancient ruins.
 Brzydowo [bʐɨˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 442.
 Jaźwiska [jaʑˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Gniew 37 km (23 mi) south of Tczew and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 466.
 Yaylımlı is a village in the District of Tut Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Garayalde is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Pandanadu (also known as Pandavar Nadu) is a village in Chengannur taluk in Alappuzha district in Kerala India. According to the 2001 Indian census Pandanad has a population of 12466 people. A major portion of the village is located on the banks of the Pampa River. The river divides the village into two; Pandanad North and Pandanad West. Pandanad West is 4 km (2 mi) from Chengannur the nearest town and 4 km (2 mi) from Mannar.
 Felsődobsza is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. As of 2008 it had a population of 978.
 Jamnica [jamˈɲit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of center of Nowy Sącz and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 720.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 485 in 123 families.
 Zdravkovets is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Zaranjan (Persian: زرنجان‎ also Romanized as Zaranjān and Zarenjān; also known as Aranjān Zarengān Zarinjān and Zenjān) is a village in Nivan Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 914 in 249 families.
 Zvyzhen (Ukrainian: Звижень) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Hasan Khan (Persian: حسن خان‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Khān) is a village in Lak Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 611 in 129 families.
 Darvaz (Persian: درواز‎ also Romanized as Darvāz; also known as Darvāzeh Dīlakh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 147 families.
 Gawrony [ɡaˈvrɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Sławno 7 km (4 mi) west of Opoczno and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Oleśnica [ɔlɛɕˈnit͡sa] is a village in Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Oleśnica. It lies in historic Lesser Poland approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Staszów and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kalukai (Persian: كلوكاي‎ also Romanized as Kalūkāī) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 As Sur is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Grodzisk [ˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mowtowr-e Cheragh Khavari (Persian: موتورچراغ خاوري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Cherāgh Khāvarī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Winter is a village in Sawyer County Wisconsin United States. The population was 233 at the 2010 census. The village is within the Town of Winter.
 Kusze [ˈkuʂɛ] (Ukrainian: Куше Kushe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Harasiuki 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Nisko and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kunin-Zamek [ˈkunin ˈzamɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 100.
 Kızılcaören Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Savapokhari is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2834 people living in 485 individual households. Shavapokhari village development committee contains 9 wards. The major attraction of this village development committee is Shavapokhari lake. This lake is situated at the height of around 3500 m from sea level. Generally people visit this area during the spring season.
 Leśniki [lɛɕˈɲiki] is a part of Szymanowice Duże village Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 60. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies near the Vistula river.
 Osina Mała [ɔˈɕina ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Łokietnica [wɔkʲɛtˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Gostynin and 102 km (63 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Robat Sefid (Persian: رباطسفيد‎ also Romanized as Robāţ Sefīd; also known as Gardaneh-ye Robāţ Sefīd Ribāt-i-Sefīd Robāţ-e Khākestarī and Robāţ-e Sefīd) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1234 in 329 families.
 Chah-e Ali Kapari (Persian: چاه علي كپري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAlī Kaparī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Yeniyapançarşak is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pakaste is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 728 in 131 families.
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 40 families.
 Khalifeh Hesar (Persian: خليفه حصار‎ also Romanized as Khalīfeh Ḩeşār; also known as Khalīfeh Ḩeşār va Mīlān (Persian: خليفه حصار و ميلان) Khalīfeh Ḩeşār-e Mīlān Khalfasar and Khalf-e Sār) is a village in Darsajin Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 51 families.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 75 families.
 Dąbrowa Wielka [dɔmˈbrɔva ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Sieradz and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Adamowice [adamɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Mszczonów 13 km (8 mi) south of Żyrardów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Chróścina [xruɕˈt͡ɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoroszyce within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Skoroszyce 18 km (11 mi) north of Nysa and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kinhi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India. Its 12Km away from Parner Taluka.
 Qeshlaq-e Qarah Darreh-ye Asam Khan Khan Kishi (Persian: قشلاق قره دره اسمخان خان كيشي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qarah Darreh-ye Āsam Khān Khān Kīshī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Aliabad-e Kukhdan (Persian: علي ابادكوخدان‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kūkhdān; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Dana Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 29 families.
 Kena (also pronounced kana) is a village in Vilnius district municipality Lithuania. It is located on the state border with Belarus and has railway customs for all passenger trains from/to Belarus and Russia including transit trains to Kaliningrad Oblast. According to the census of 2001 Kena had 90 residents.
 Tolombeh-ye Hasan Ebrahimi (Persian: تلمبه حسن ابراهيمي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩasan Ebrāhīmī) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Chuhar Chak is a town located in the Moga district of East Punjab (India).
 Haputale Udagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Surhów [ˈsurxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśniczyn within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Krasnystaw and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Siah Kalan (Persian: سياه كلان‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kalān; also known as Sīāh Kolāhān) is a village in Kamalabad Rural District in the Central District of Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 712 in 204 families.
 Big Falls is a village in Waupaca County Wisconsin United States. The population was 61 at the 2010 census.
 Ahmadabad-e Sofla (Persian: احمدابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Soflá; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 78 families.
 Konstantynówka [kɔnstantɨˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Hańsk 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qayumabad (Persian: قيوم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qayūmābād; also known as Qayyemābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Mendon is a village in Mercer County Ohio United States. The population was 662 at the 2010 census.
 Qaleh Sangi (Persian: قلعه سنگي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sangī) is a village in Simakan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 30 families.
 Donji Čevljanovići (Serbian: Доњи Чевљановићи) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bhadsar is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2950 people living in 499 individual households.
 Karapınar Kuyucak is a village in the District of Kuyucak Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 698 people.
 Mathgamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Podewsie [pɔˈdɛfɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Łopuszno and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 137.
 Tashto (Persian: تشتو‎ also Romanized as Tashtū) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Darvadi (Persian: درودي‎ also Romanized as Darvadī) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kątno [ˈkɔntnɔ] (German Tafelbude) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ostróda and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 320.
 Lelity [lɛˈlitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Popów 19 km (12 mi) north of Kłobuck and 93 km (58 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 71.
 Marku is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 1855 living in 413 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 2058 of which 41% was literate.
 Ponięcice [pɔɲɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rudnik 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Racibórz and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 270.
 Orlovat (Serbian Cyrillic: Орловат) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Zrenjanin municipality in the Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(95.52%) and its population numbering 1789 people (2002 census).
 Kaługa [kaˈwuɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Zbiczno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Brodnica and 71 km (44 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Changiyeh-ye Qajar (Persian: چنگيه قجر‎ also Romanized as Changīyeh-ye Qajar; also known as Changīyeh Changīyeh Gāvdārī and Gāvdārī-ye Changīyeh) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District in the Sivan District of Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 73 families.
 Dehuiyeh (Persian: دهوييه‎ also Romanized as Dehūīyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Starynia [staˈrɨɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 113.
 Hadiabad (Persian: هادي اباد‎ also Romanized as Hādīābād; also known as Hārīābād) is a village in Solgi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 88 families.
 Bifröst is a small settlement in western Iceland in the Mýrasýsla county.It is located in the Northwest Political constituency and is the site of Bifröst University a small private campus university. In the town of Bifröst there is a convenience store called Samkaup strax a coffee house a kindergarten and a gym among other things.
 Cicrina is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Masha-ye Abbas Zu ol Faqari (Persian: مشاع عباس ذوالفقاري‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye ʿAbbās Ẕū ol Faqārī) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 7 families.
 Kolemczyce [kɔlɛmˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Dorohusk 27 km (17 mi) east of Chełm and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Roobuka is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Huta [ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Kłodzko and 98 km (61 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bagh Ku (Persian: باغ كو‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Kū; also known as Bāgh Kūh) is a village in Taheri Rural District in the Central District of Kangan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 23 families.
 Roztropna [rɔsˈtrɔpna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gąsówka [ɡɔ̃ˈsufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec within Jasło County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Waskemeer (West Frisian: Waskemar) is a village of about 870 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. The village lies in the north of Ooststellingwerf. It is named after a pond 2 km to the west called Waskmar which in turn means wash-lake as it was used to wash sheep.
 İmamlar Bartın is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 183 people.
 Hangarge is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.Hangarge village has got good environmental conditions to live. Village is 8 km from Belgaum. Hangarge village hill is famous for Bauxite mining.
 Nowa Dzierzążnia [ˈnɔva d͡ʑeˈʐɔ̃ʐɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mohammad Salehu (Persian: محمدصالحلو‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Şāleḩū) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 78 families.
 Emamrud (Persian: امامرود‎ also Romanized as Emāmrūd) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 660 in 190 families.
 Kyselka (German: Gießhübl-Sauerbrunn) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Chitaveh-ye Pereshkaft (Persian: چيتاوه پراشكفت‎ also Romanized as Chītāveh-ye Pereshkaft; also known as Chītāveh) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 22 families.
 Sarny Małe [ˈsarnɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Lewin Brzeski 16 km (10 mi) south of Brzeg and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kuleh Bayan (Persian: كوله بيان‎ also Romanized as Kūleh Bayān Kūlahbayān and Kūleh Beyān; also known as Qulleh Biyān) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Clayton is a village in Lenawee County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 344 at the 2010 census. The village is situated on the boundary between Hudson Township on the west and Dover Township on the east with a portion of the village in each.M-34 (or W. Carleton Rd.) passes along the south side of the village while M-156 has its northern terminus at the junction with M-34. The road also known as Morey Highway continues north through the village.[citation needed]
 Babino [baˈbinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Choroszcz and 18 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wola Zambrzycka [ˈvɔla zamˈbʐɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Shahini (Persian: شاهيني‎ also Romanized as Shāhīnī; also known as Shāhīnī-ye Soflá) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 88 families.
 Szołajdy [ʂɔˈwai̯dɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Surkan (Persian: سوركان‎ also Romanized as Sūrkān) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 658 in 85 families.
 Jastrzębna Druga [jasˈtʂɛmbna ˈdruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Sztabin 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Augustów and 71 km (44 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Budzisław Górny [buˈd͡ʑiswaf ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Kleczew 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Konin and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Strobice [strɔˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Pakosławice 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Nysa and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Amildan (Persian: اميلدان‎ also Romanized as Amīldān and Āmīldān) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 64 families.
 Stobno Siódme [ˈstɔbnɔ ˈɕudmɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Pir Yusefian (Persian: پيريوسفيان‎ also Romanized as Pīr Yūsefīān and Pīr Yūsefīyān) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District in the Central District of Alborz County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3816 in 890 families.
 Dust Mohammad Beyk (Persian: دوست محمدبيك‎ also Romanized as Dūst Moḩammad Beyk and Dūst Moḩammad Beyg) is a village in Dorungar Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 74 families.
 Andarab (Persian: اندراب‎ also Romanized as Andarāb) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Baskot is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3562 and had 675 houses in the town.
 Kożuchy Małe [kɔˈʐuxɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Giżycko and 96 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Błędowo [bwɛnˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Baranowo 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 114 km (71 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mała Wieś [ˈmawa ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Raciąż 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 93 km (58 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Abd ol Maleki (Persian: عبدالملكي‎ also Romanized as ʿAbd ol Maleḵī; also known as Abdolmalekī-ye paeen) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Amin (Persian: امين‎ also Romanized as Āmīn) is a village in Masabi Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kamkhan (Persian: كامخان‎ also Romanized as Kāmkhān and Kām Khān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 50 families.
 Ahmetbeyler is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 263 people.
 Sowy [ˈsɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west/central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Rawicz and 92 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Behdasht (Persian: بهدشت‎; also known as Behdast Karmo Karmu Kermū and Kirmu) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 53 families.
 Meshkan (Persian: مشكان‎ also Romanized as Meshkān Mashkān and Mashgan) is a village in Meshkan Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4004 in 929 families.
 Dobri Laki is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Podrwinów [pɔdrˈvinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kiełczygłów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bhatauliya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4490.
 Donja Orovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Оровица) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ljubovija municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 424 in 2002.
 Żelisławice [ʐɛlʲiswaˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Siewierz 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Będzin and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1200.
 Zawady-Tworki [zaˈvadɨ ˈtfɔrki] (German Sawadden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Prostki 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Ełk and 139 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 140.
 Karwów [ˈkarvuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Opatów and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Shiran (Persian: شيران‎ also Romanized as Shīrān) is a village in Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 50 families.
 Pomancillo Este is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Huremi is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Avdan is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Sivac (Serbian Cyrillic: Сивац) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Kula municipality in the West Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 8992 people (2002 census).
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynice within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dubaj (Persian: دوباج‎ also Romanized as Dūbāj) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 46 families.
 Orzelec Duży [ɔˈʐɛlɛt͡s ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Łubnice 19 km (12 mi) south of Staszów and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 300.
 Villa General Belgrano a small mountain village of 6260 inhabitants is named after the creator of the Argentine flag Manuel Belgrano and located in a lush green valley of Calamuchita in the hills in the Province of Córdoba in central Argentina.
 Mala Kruševica is a village in the municipality of Varvarin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 317 people.
 Tushmalan (Persian: توشمالان‎ also Romanized as Tūshmālān; also known as Tashmalān and Toshmalān) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 59 families.
 Now Deh-e Hajjilar (Persian: نوده حاجي لر‎ also Romanized as Now Deh-e Ḩājjīlar; also known as Now Deh-e Esmā‘īl Khān and Now Deh) is a village in Khormarud-e Jonubi Rural District Cheshmeh Saran District Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 822 in 209 families.
 Quzleja (Persian: قوزلجا‎ also Romanized as Qūzlejā and Qowzlejā; also known as Kizludzha Qizluja and Yāqūzlejeh) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Ellenville is a village in Ulster County New York United States. The population was 4135 at the 2010 census. The ZIP code is 12428. Telephone service is provided by the 210 and 647 exchanges in Area Code 845.
 Goszyn [ˈɡɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Tczew and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 183.
 Langar (Persian: لنگر‎) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 99 families.
 Śniedzanowo [ɕɲed͡zaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sierpc and 112 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ljubičevac is a village in the municipality of Kladovo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 458 people.
 Karabedir is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Haragapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Hufel-e Sharqi (Persian: هوفل شرقي‎ also Romanized as Hūfel-e Sharqī; also known as Beyt-e Seyyed Arḩāmeh Hoofol Howfel and Hūfel) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 14 families.
 South Lebanon is a village located in Union and Hamilton Townships in central Warren County in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 4115 at the 2010 census.
 Chądzyń [ˈxɔnd͡zɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kezabcheh (Persian: كذابچه‎ also Romanized as Kez̄ābcheh; also known as Gazīcheh Jalālābād Kadābcheh Kaẕẕābcheh and Keāzā Bcheh) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 8 families.
 Choghur Qeshlaq (Persian: چغورقشلاق‎ also Romanized as Choghūr Qeshlāq; also known as Choqūr Qeshlāq) is a village in Seylatan Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 116 families.
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Shahrak-e Sahab ol Zeman (Persian: شهرك صاحب الزمان‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Şāḥab ol Zemān) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 51 families.
 Laszczki [ˈlaʂt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Raszyn 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Pruszków and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Chlebowo [xlɛˈbɔvɔ] (formerly German Klebow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ostrowice 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 160.
 Baghestan-e Pain (Persian: باغستان پايين‎ also Romanized as Bāghestān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 134 families.
 Mafgeh (Persian: مافگه‎ also Romanized as Māfgeh; also known as Māfegā) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 59 families.
 Wylów [ˈvɨluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przecław within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Przecław 8 km (5 mi) south of Mielec and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Ankireddy Gudem is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Choutuppal mandal.
 Shoghu (Persian: شغو‎ also Romanized as Shoghū) is a village in Fin Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Qazi Vali (Persian: قاضي ولي‎ also Romanized as Qāẕī Valī) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 17 families.
 Bonari-ye Olya (Persian: بناري عليا‎ also Romanized as Bonārī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Banārī-ye Bālā Benāri-ye Bālā and Bonārī-ye Bālā) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 56 families.
 Witowice Dolne [vʲitɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Łososina Dolna 18 km (11 mi) north of Nowy Sącz and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 450.
 Trzy Chałupy [ˈtʂɨ xaˈwupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Twardogóra 23 kilometres (14 mi) north of Oleśnica and 41 kilometres (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Shafa Rud (Persian: شفارود‎ also Romanized as Shafā Rūd; also known as Reshteh-e-Tālesh Shiffarūd and Sīāh Rūd) is a village in Gil Dulab Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 72 families.
 Leśniczówka [lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Ruda-Huta 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Chełm and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Talin (Persian: طالين‎ also Romanized as Ţālīn and Tālīn) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 42 families.
 Słuchocin [swuˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Węgrów and 66 km (41 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Ignaców [iɡˈnat͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Brzeziny and 15 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Biertowice [bʲɛrtɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułkowice within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sułkowice 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Myślenice and 23 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 900.
 Deh Balai Kherqeh (Persian: ده بالاي خرقه‎ also Romanized as Deh Bālāī Kherqeh) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 7 families.
 Kazemabad (Persian: کاظم آباد‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 676 in 130 families.
 SivaRamaPuram or Kotthuru is a village located on the ChallaPalli-Pedakallepalli Road 2 km away from Challapalli in the Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India. This is the sivar village of Pedaprolu panchayat. The village population is 350. Many of the villagers have lived in different places in the world. This village is 100% literate and majority of the people are chowdary's.previously this village'S name is kondaigunta.
 Langerma is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Elżbietów [ɛlʐˈbjɛtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gorenice [ɡɔrɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Olkusz and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 1350.
 Błonie [ˈbwɔɲe] (1943–1945 German Theodorshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 550.
 Hatamuniguda is a village of Bishama Katek tehsil Rayagada district Orissa India. The village is 43.9 km far from its district main city Rayagada. Hata is 258 km far from its state main city Bhubaneswar.
 Niestępowo Włościańskie [ɲɛstɛmˈpɔvɔ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād; also known as Saiyid and Seyyed) is a village in Kushk Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 23 families.
 Chotum [ˈxɔtum] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Ciechanów and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 3.
 Gammaduwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Rzechów-Kolonia [ˈʐɛxuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sarkahnan-e Davari (Persian: سركهنان داورئ‎ also Romanized as Sarkahnān-e Dāvarī) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 24 families.
 Łubiane [wuˈbjanɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Kolno and 76 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 60.
 Chamaz Koti (Persian: چمازكتي‎ also Romanized as Chamāz Kotī and Chamāz Katī; also known as Chamāz Kolā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5552 in 1423 families.
 Donji Hasić (Cyrillic: Доњи Хасић) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Šamac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kazheh (Persian: كاژه‎ also Romanized as Kāzheh) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 37 families.
 Eminlik is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains and extreme east of the province. At 37°15′N 34°55′E it is about 50 kilometres (31 mi) to Tarsus and 77 kilometres (48 mi) to Mersin. The population of village was 138 as of 2012.
 Najmabad (Persian: نجم اباد‎ also Romanized as Najmābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 15 families.
 Tajan (Persian: تجن‎; also known as Tadzhin and Tājīn) is a village in Kisom Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 282 in 94 families.
 Cerovica (Serbian: Церовица) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shaj (Persian: شاج‎ also Romanized as Shāj Shāch and Shāsh) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 56 families.
 Kocahacılı Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mirkhanpet is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal.
 Wiertelaki [vjɛrtɛˈlaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Brąszewice 26 km (16 mi) west of Sieradz and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Krzywólka [kʂɨˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Khaleqabad (Persian: خالق اباد‎ also Romanized as Khāleqābād) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 74 families.
 Barcza [ˈbart͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Babatte is a village in Senegal. It has a population of 348 people according to the 2002 census.
 Bazui (Persian: بازوئي‎ also Romanized as Bāzū’ī; also known as Bārū’ī and Bāzūhā) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1140 in 265 families.
 Soleymanabad (Persian: سليمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Soleymānābād) is a village in Mohajeran Rural District Lalejin District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 672 in 158 families.
 Dobrin Bulgaria is a village in the municipality of Krushari in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 Palm Springs is a village in Palm Beach County Florida United States. As of 2010 the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 18928.
 Yazdanabad (Persian: يزدان آباد‎ also Romanized as Yazdānābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 6 families.
 Chujar (Persian: چوجار‎ also Romanized as Chūjār and Jūjār) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 18 families.
 Jurjevac Punitovački is a village in Croatia part of the municipality of Punitovci population 307 (2001).
 Karun (Persian: كرون‎ also Romanized as Korūn) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Vîşcăuţi is a commune in Orhei district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Vîşcăuţi.
 Tolombeh-ye Danshaju (Persian: تلمبه دانشجو‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Dānshajū) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 11 families.
 Ayazabad (Persian: ايازاباد‎ also Romanized as Ayāzābād; also known as Ayāzābād-e Kāsīān and Kāsīān-e Ayāzābād) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 24 families.
 Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Mordy 20 km (12 mi) east of Siedlce and 106 km (66 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Bogusławice [bɔɡuswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Gniewino 20 km (12 mi) west of Wejherowo and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Takhteh-ye Kazemabad (Persian: تخته كاظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Takhteh-ye Kāẓemābād) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 59 families.
 Orany (Ukrainian: Орани) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Shwedwin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Shurabad-e Yek (Persian: شوراباد1‎ also Romanized as Shūrābād-e Yek; also known as Shūrābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zargatan (Persian: زرگتان‎ also Romanized as Zargatān) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mumej (Persian: مومج‎ also Romanized as Mūmej Mowmej Mūmaj and Mūmech) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 80 families.
 Venkateshwara Temple at Ramenahalli is a Lord Venkateshwara Temple situated at Ramenahalli in Mundargi taluk of Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Hammigi is located south of district headquarters Gadag and Taluka headquarters Mundargi. Ramenahalli is 2 km from Mundaragi.
 Frączkowo [frɔnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] (German Fritzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Barciany 23 km (14 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 76 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tila Kenar (Persian: تيلاكنار‎ also Romanized as Tīlā Kenār; also known as Tīleh Kenār) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District Kelarabad District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 109 families.
 Hajji Bakhtiar (Persian: حاجي بختيار‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bakhtīār; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩājjī Bakhtīār) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 25 families.
 Sorkh Qaleh-ye Kordha (Persian: سرخ قلعه كردها‎ also Romanized as Sorkh Qal‘eh-ye Kordhā; also known as Karīmābād-e Soflá) is a village in Milanlu Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 27 families.
 Łaziska [waˈʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany and until then the official German place name was Looswitz.It lies approximately 5 km (3 mi) south-east of Bolesławiec and 101 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 560.
 Domaradzka Kuźnia [dɔmaˈrat͡ska ˈkuʑɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Pokój 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ferdows (Persian: فردوس‎) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 43 families.
 Wielka Wola [ˈvjɛlka ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Czerniewice 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Teresin [tɛˈrɛɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krośniewice 18 km (11 mi) west of Kutno and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sośnica [sɔɕˈnit͡sa] (German: Herzberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Wierzchowo 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Dotnuvos Geležinkelio Stotis is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 89 people. It developed around the railway station near the town of Dotnuva.
 Cheshmeh Kabud-e Sofla (Persian: چشمه كبودسفلي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kabūd-e Soflá) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 7 families.
 Ratno Dolne [ˈratnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German: Niederrathen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Radków 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Kłodzko and 82 kilometres (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chah Shur (Persian: چاه شور‎ also Romanized as Chāh Shūr) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aldea Apeleg is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Eeriksaare is a village in Lümanda Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Chromów [ˈxrɔmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 98.Welcome To Lubuskie - Chromów==References==PICTURES FROM CHROMÓW
 Aleksandrów [alɛkˈsandruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) west of Pińczów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Qeysariyeh (Persian: قيصريه‎ also Romanized as Qeyṣarīyeh; also known as Qaşrī) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 33 families.
 Kostkowice ([kɔstkɔˈvit͡sɛ]) is a village in Gmina Dębowiec Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 530 (2004). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.The village was first mentioned in a Latin document of Diocese of Wrocław called Liber fundationis episcopatus Vratislaviensis from around 1305 as Goschegowitz. It belonged then to the Duchy of Teschen formed in 1290.
 Mehdi Khan Kandi (Persian: مهدي خان كندي‎ also Romanized as Mehdī Khān Kandī and Mahdīkhān Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dobromerovići (Serbian: Добромеровићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Klęczany [klɛnˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów Małopolski within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sędziszów Małopolski 12 km (7 mi) east of Ropczyce and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1500.
 Niżna Łąka [ˈniʐna ˈwɔŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejsce Piastowe within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Krosno and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Khvosh Makan-e Olya (Persian: خوش مكان عليا‎ also Romanized as Khvosh Makān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khowsh Makān-e Bālā) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District in the Central District of Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazhukeer is a village that lies in the Alappuzha district of Kerala in India. This village begins from Thondra bridge which connects Pathanamthitta district and allapuzha district and lies up to a church near Kallissery junction. The Varattar river is the eastern boundary of Mazhukeer. Mazhukeer is divided into Mel Mazukeer (Upper Mazhukeer) and Keez Mazukeer (Lower Mazhukeer).
 Oborci is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.In Oborci of elementary school called Third Oborci Elementary School.Oborci Place is situated in the foothills of the mountains Komar Sovic of Travnik on the road to Donji Vakuf. Location: G.širina: 44 ° 11 '41 N; G.dužina: 17 ° 25' E. Most of the 9 areas Oboraca is extremely hilly. The climate of the area is continental Oboraca - mountain.
 Kuropas [kuˈrɔpas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Korfantów 16 km (10 mi) east of Nysa and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Tugonica is a village in Zagorje Croatia. It is connected by the D29 highway.
 Puuri is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Petli Kand (Persian: پتلي كند‎ also Romanized as Petlī Kand; also known as Petlī Kandī and Petlū Kandī) is a village in Savalan Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Zhuangjiashan (simplified Chinese: 庄家山村; traditional Chinese: 莊家山村; pinyin: Zhuāngjiāshān Cūn) is a small village in northern Ju County of Shandong province Eastern China. In 1988 a site containing historical relics of the Shang Dynasty was discovered 50 meters to the south of the village.
 Barwałd Górny [ˈbarvau̯t ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalwaria Zebrzydowska within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kalwaria Zebrzydowska 10 km (6 mi) east of Wadowice and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The land was vested probably at the end of the thirteenth century with an owner named Barwałd.
 Konamar (Persian: كنامار‎ also Romanized as Konāmār; also known as Kūna Mār) is a village in Babarashani Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 28 families.
 Kuzie [ˈkuʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Zbójna 32 km (20 mi) north-west of Łomża and 103 km (64 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Łowcza [ˈwɔft͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Sawin 21 km (13 mi) north of Chełm and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Wójtówka [vui̯ˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Curtiss is a village in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 216 at the 2010 census.
 Kamarusak-e Bala (Persian: كم عروسك بالا‎ also Romanized as Kam‘arūsak-e Bālā; also known as Kam ‘Arūsak-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Leszczawka [lɛʂˈt͡ʂafka] (Ukrainian: Лещавка) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Bircza 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Soğucak Arhavi is a village in the District of Arhavi Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 63 people.
 Grabnik [ˈɡrabnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnobród within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Niaz Ali (Persian: نيازعلي‎ also Romanized as Nīāz ‘Alī; also known as Rūstā-ye Shahīd Naz̧arpūr and Shahīd Kheyrollāh-e Nazarpūr) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vrátno is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Yaylasaray is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Oudega (West Frisian: Aldegea) is a small village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 700 citizens (2006). It is often called Oudega W to avoid confusion with the other villages with the same name with the W referring to the former municipally Wymbritseradiel. The location of the village on the banks of the lake Aldegeaster Brekken makes it an popular destination for boating windsurfing and sailing.
 Ree Gaun is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5218 and had 875 houses in it.
 Chak Kola (Persian: چاك كلا‎ also Romanized as Chāk Kolā) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chouketar Dahachok is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3860 . It is located in the west of Kathmandu.In the date of every Bhadra sukla purnima (fullmoon day) this place takes the important of indrasthan mela.
 Paunküla is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Krzycko Wielkie [ˈkʂɨt͡skɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Włoszakowice 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Leszno and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 690.
 Cerovica is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 54 people.
 Strachówko [straˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dereköy is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla (Persian: كله قطارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kaleh Qaţār-e Soflá; also known as Kaleh Qaţār and Kal-e Qaţār-e Soflá) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 20 families.
 Tileh Dar (Persian: تيله دار‎ also Romanized as Tīleh Dār) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Slezské Pavlovice (German: Deutsch Paulowitz) is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. Slezské Pavlovice municipality is the northernmost village of the Moravian–Silesian Region the village is bounded on three sides by Poland. The first written mention of the municipality is from 1267 although the original settlement dates back to the Bronze Age.
 Warchlino [varˈxlinɔ] (formerly German Groß Wachlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 85.
 Jastrzębia [jasˈtʂɛmbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciężkowice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ciężkowice 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1800.
 Taračin Do is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Grapa is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 4 people.
 Pamucak Kuyucak is a village in the District of Kuyucak Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 112 people.
 Kabalar is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 302 people.
 Khakriz (Persian: خاكريز‎ also Romanized as Khākrīz) is a village in Darbandrud Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1253 in 282 families.
 Tupadly (Kutná Hora District) is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Seviz (Persian: سويز‎ also Romanized as Sevīz) is a village in Mazinan Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 272 in 97 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Hoseyn Ghafrani (Persian: تلمبه حسين غفراني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩoseyn Ghafrānī) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stordal is the administrative centre of Stordal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the eastern shore of the Storfjorden at the mouth of the river Stordalselva. The village of Sjøholt (in neighboring Ørskog Municipality) lies about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) north of Stordal on the other side of the Stordal Tunnel.
 Bellamkonda is a village and a Mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Waiparous is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located along Highway 40 at the crossing of Ghost River west of Cochrane.
 Sargaruk (Persian: سرگروك‎ also Romanized as Sargarūk) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 11 families.
 Päädeva (German: Pedua) is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Trzciniec [ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Kroczyce 25 km (16 mi) east of Zawiercie and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Gniewkówiec [ɡɲɛfˈkuvjɛt͡s] (German: Argendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Uniejów 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 260.
 Nowy Świat [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɕfjat] (New World) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Sehtapan (Persian: سه تپان‎ also Romanized as Sehtapān; also known as Seh Tappeh) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 34 families.
 Mannancherry is a village in Alappuzha district in Kerala India. It is situated about 10 km north of Alappuzha town. Mannanchery is blessed with its scenic beauty. The Vembanad Lake forms the eastern boundary of this village.In governance Mannancherry is a Panchayat. In parliamentary representation it is part of the Alappuzha Assembly constituency as well as the Alappuzha LokSabha constituency.The major occupation of the people of this village has been coir making for the last few decades.
 Donji Meljani is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Raziabad (Persian: رضي اباد‎ also Romanized as Raẕīābād and Razīābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 36 families.
 Podlesko [pɔdˈlɛskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Krasocin 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Włoszczowa and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 65.
 Łebunia [wɛˈbuɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Cewice 12 km (7 mi) south of Lębork and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 666.
 Chichak (Persian: چيچك‎ also Romanized as Chīchak) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 706 in 147 families.
 Kozarde (Serbian: Козарде) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica and has a population of 57 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Mansur Jarjani (Persian: مزرعه منصور جرجاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Manṣūr Jarjānī) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Jonubi Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 16 families.
 Hacıisalı Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Nowe Wrońska [ˈnɔvɛ ˈvrɔɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Seleciköse Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Wola Wągrodzka [ˈvɔla vɔŋˈɡrɔt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Prażmów 14 km (9 mi) south of Piaseczno and 31 km (19 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bęczyn [ˈbɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Urzędów 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Kraśnik and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 'Laleh Bolaghi (Persian: لله بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Laleh Bolāghī and Lalah Bolāghī) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Šemovec is a village in Varaždin County Croatia.The village is located near the Drava around 10 kilometres east of Varaždin and belongs to the Trnovec Bartolovečki municipality. Its population in the 2001 census was 920.The D2 state road goes through the village and there is also a portion of the A4 motorway passing through nearby between Šemovec and Zamlaka.Šemovec has one public elementary school named Elementary school Šemovec.
 Coloniţa is a commune in Chişinău municipality Moldova. It is composed of a single village Coloniţa.
 Arefabad (Persian: عارف اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ārefābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye ‘Abd ol Reẕā) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2016 in 514 families.
 Khanegah (Persian: خانگه‎ also Romanized as Khānegah; also known as Khāneqāh) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 15 families.
 Hajji Aqa (Persian: حاجي اقا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Āqā) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 19 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Lomond is a village in Vulcan County Alberta Canada. It is located at the intersection of Highway 845 and Highway 531 approximately 74 kilometres (46 mi) southwest of Brooks and 49 kilometres (30 mi) east of Vulcan. The village is a farming service community. Lomond was named for Loch Lomond Scotland.
 Mariamman Kovil or Punnainallur is a village in the district of Thanjavur Tamil Nadu India. It is located 6 km east of Thanjavur town on the Thanjavur - Nagapattinam Highway. It is home to the famous Punnainallur Mariamman temple. The village is also home to the Kathaiamman Temple and few other temples in the surroundings. It can be reached by road via public transport from Thanjavur town with many buses plying from there.
 Mehan (Persian: مهن‎ also Romanized as Mahn and Mīhan) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 541 in 127 families.
 Kakuwala (Punjabi: ਕਾਕੂਵਾਲਾ) is a small village in Sunam block of Sangrur District in Punjab India which is situated on Sangrur-Patran National Highway - 71 about 30 km from Sangrur and 115 km from state capital of Chandigarh. Geographically to its north lie Dirba and Khetla to south-west lie the village of Ladbanjara Kalan while to its south-east are Patran and Dugal. It is named after its founder landlord Kaku Singh. Its population is about 1000 with a total of 153 households.
 Khvor Khvoreh (Persian: خورخوره‎ also Romanized as Khowr Khowreh) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 61 families.
 Kamenica (Cyrillic: Каменица) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zukići (Cyrillic: Зукићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mayian Dul (Persian: مائين دول‎ also Romanized as Māyīan Dūl; also known as Mādīān Dūl) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 48 families.
 Valis (Persian: وليس‎ also Romanized as Valīs) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 497 in 102 families.
 Turin is a village in Lewis County New York in the United States. The village is within the town of Turin and is north of the city of Rome. As of the 2010 census the village population was 232.
 Radziszewo-Sieńczuch [rad͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ ˈɕɛɲt͡ʂux] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Ciechanowiec 30 km (19 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 220.
 Chyasmitar is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2167 persons living in 412 individual households.
 Sarnówek [sarˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Piekacie [pjɛˈkat͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nai (Persian: نائي‎ also Romanized as Nā’ī) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Peze e Vogel is a village in the municipality of Pezë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Kuşçular Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tominy [tɔˈminɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Ożarów 19 km (12 mi) east of Opatów and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 140.
 Pottila is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mosney (Irish: Maigh Muirí meaning plain of Mairid) is a townland and village in the civil parish of Moorechurch in County Meath Ireland 48 km (30 mi) from Dublin. It was best known as the site of a Butlins holiday camp during the second half of the 20th century and as the site for the national finals of the Community Games. By the early 21st century the holiday camp had been converted into an accommodation centre for asylum-seekers.
 Krystynka [krɨsˈtɨnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Chodzież and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 46.
 Darabdin-e Rowshan (Persian: داراب دين روشن‎ also Romanized as Dārābdīn-e Rowshan) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District Bahnemir District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 164 families.
 Blizne Jasińskiego [ˈbliznɛ jaɕiɲsˈkʲɛɡɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stare Babice 5 km (3 mi) east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 10 km (6 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1010.
 Kałęczyn [kaˈwɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Czerwonka 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 82 km (51 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Joanka [jɔˈanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Baranów 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Kępno and 150 km (93 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 275.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Sofla Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mogonono is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. The village is located 10 km from the center of Molepolole along the Molepolole–Lephepe road and has a primary school. The population of Mogonono was 201 in 2001 census.
 Sineqan (Persian: سينقان‎ also Romanized as Sīneqān; also known as Sināghūn Sīnehqān and Singhan) is a village in Hastijan Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 298 in 136 families.
 Chlewiska [xlɛˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Lubartów and 20 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Danków [ˈdankuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Buchanan is a village located in the town of Cortlandt in Westchester County New York. The population was 2230 as of the 2010 census.The Indian Point nuclear power facility is located in Buchanan. The 2000 Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree also came from Buchanan.
 Cheshmeh-ye Abgarm (Persian: چشمه ابگرم‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Ābgarm) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Jelonek [jɛˈlɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Dworszowice Pakoszowe [dvɔrʂɔˈvit͡sɛ pakɔˈʂɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sulmierzyce 8 km (5 mi) east of Pajęczno and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 800.
 Whim is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Nara (ناڑہ) is a village and union council of Jand Tehsil Attock District Punjab Province Pakistan.
 Gündoğan Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 109 people.
 Madinaguda is a suburb of Hyderabad India. It is a small urban village considered part of Miyapur and located between Miyapur and Chandanagar.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Dowlatābād-e Korbāl and Dowlatabad Korbal) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 59 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājiābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Qarieh Nasir (Persian: قريه نصير‎ also Romanized as Qarīeh Naṣīr) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Kalafati is a village in the municipality of Priboj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 273 people.
 Lab Sefid-e Olya (Persian: لب سفيدعليا‎ also Romanized as Lab Sefīd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Lop Sefīd-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 35 families.
 Chrzanowice [xʂanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Gomunice 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Radomsko and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lifta (Arabic: لفتا‎; Hebrew: מי נפתוח‎ Mei Niftoach lit. spring of the corridor) was a Palestinian Arab village on the outskirts of Jerusalem. The population was driven out during the Arab-Jewish hostilities of 1947/48 and the efforts to relieve the Siege of Jerusalem (1948). The village which is mainly intact is located on a hillside between the western entrance to Jerusalem and the Romema neighbourhood.
 Plamenice is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sąsiadka [sɔ̃ˈɕatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sułów 26 km (16 mi) west of Zamość and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 500.Currently Sasiadka is a small village located at the edge of the Roztocze but its history is very long dating back to the early Middle Ages.
 Okalewo [ɔkaˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Skrwilno 12 km (7 mi) east of Rypin and 68 km (42 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 900.
 Bayram (Persian: بايرام‎ also Romanized as Bāyrām) is a village in Bavil Rural District in the Central District of Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2671 in 771 families.
 Chah-e Khamenehi (Persian: چاه خامنه اي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Khāmenehī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chagha Sorkhak (Persian: چغاسرخك‎ also Romanized as Chaghā Sorkhak; also known as Chaghā Sorkheh) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 67 families.
 Koparan is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tepeönü is a village in the District of Samsat Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Borjuk (Persian: برجوك‎ also Romanized as Borjūk) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 26 families.
 Jajui-ye Olya (Persian: جاجوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Jājūī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Jājū Jājū ‘Olyā and Joojah) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 5 families.
 Badaq Ab (Persian: بداق آب‎ also Romanized as Badāq Āb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sheykh Ali (Persian: شيخ عالي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Ālī) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 20 families.
 Tearce (Macedonian: Теарце [ˈtɛ.artsɛ]  Albanian: Tearca) is a village located 12 km to the northeast of Tetovo in northwestern Republic of Macedonia about 15 kilometres from the border with Kosovo. It is a seat of the Tearce municipality. Population 3974 (2002). The B-405 road connects it to Tetovo.Tearce has an Albanian majority. The remaining population is Macedonian Turkish and Romani.
 Seroki-Wieś [sɛˈrɔki ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Borzygniew [bɔˈʐɨɡɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 34 kilometres (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Staplehurst is a village in Seward County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 242 at the 2010 census.
 Mazraeh-ye Abbasabad-e Morvarid (Persian: مزرعه عباس ابادمرواريد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Abbāsābād-e Morvārīd) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Patków [ˈpatkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Borj-e Olya (Persian: برج عليا‎ also Romanized as Borj-e ‘Olyā; also known as Borj Bālā and Borj-e Bālā) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 15 families.
 Jarnostaw [jarˈnɔstaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Sośnie 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 112 km (70 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bllatë e Epërme (Upper Bllatë) is a settlement in the Dibër District Dibër County northeastern Albania. It is part of Maqellarë municipality. In this village a border crossing point with Macedonia is situated.
 Arafat (Persian: عرفات‎ also Romanized as ‘Arafāt) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 37 families.
 Nowy Widzim [ˈnɔvɨ ˈvid͡ʑim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wolsztyn and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 322.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District Salami District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1181 in 274 families.
 Qaleh-ye Asghar Khan (Persian: قلعه اصغرخان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Aşghar Khān) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎ also Romanized as Naudeh) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 65 families.
 Wręcza [ˈvrɛnt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Mszczonów 6 km (4 mi) south of Żyrardów and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Kolah Deraz-e Vosta (Persian: كلاه درازوسطي‎ also Romanized as Kolāh Derāz-e Vosţá; also known as Kolāh Derāz-e Javānmīr Kolāh Derāz-e Javānmīr-e Soflá and Ūloyar) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 55 families.
 Lir-e Shamlek (Persian: ليرشملك‎ also Romanized as Līr-e Shamlek; also known as Līr) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Karpowicze [karpɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Suchowola 37 km (23 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Siwiałka [ɕiˈvjau̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 263.
 Janikowice [janikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Aleksandrów 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 200.
 Rogowo [rɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Mikorzyce [mikɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Blatna (Cyrillic: Блатна) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ainehvand-e Abdollah (Persian: اينه وندعبدالله‎ also Romanized as Aīnehvand-e ʿAbdollah) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 21 families.
 Allgjate is a village in the municipality of Vaqarr in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Skandawa [skanˈdava] (German Skandau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Barciany 23 km (14 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gągolin Zachodni [ɡɔnˈɡɔlin zaˈxɔdni] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kocierzew Południowy 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Łowicz and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gairi Bisouna Deupur is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5205 and had 928 houses in it.
 Kutah Mehr (Persian: كوته مهر‎ also Romanized as Kūtah Mehr) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 81 families.
 Sefar Qaleh (Persian: صفرقلعه‎ also Romanized as Şefar Qal‘eh) is a village in Dibaj Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 41 families.
 Rękawczynek [rɛnkafˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Orchowo 28 km (17 mi) north of Słupca and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Chodouň is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the Litavka river.
 Khadijeh (Persian: خديجه‎ also Romanized as Khadījeh) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szczepany [ʂt͡ʂɛˈpanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Taq Taq (Persian: تق تق‎) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Makowica [makɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Limanowa and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 234.
 Mowtowr-e Allah Bakhsh (Persian: موتوراله بخش‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Allah Bakhsh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād and Mahdīābād; also known as Gerd Mehdīābād and Mihdiābād) is a village in Musaabad Rural District in the Central District of Dehaqan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 31 families.
 Jenkowice [jɛnkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Jenkwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Środa Śląska and 32 kilometres (20 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Goździk [ˈɡɔʑd͡ʑik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Górzno 17 km (11 mi) east of Garwolin and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Choqa Safar (Persian: چقاصفر‎ also Romanized as Choqā Şafar) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 52 families.
 Doğubelenören is a village in the District of Yenipazar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 48 people.
 Narok [ˈnarɔk] (German Norok) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Dąbrowa and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 300.
 Anjerak (Persian: انجرك‎ also Romanized as Anjerak; also known as Anjīrak) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 12 families.
 Sępolno [sɛmˈpɔlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Miedzichowo 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Al-Shawka al-Tahta was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 14 1948 by the Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 31.5 km northeast of Safad.In 1945 it had a population of 200.	The village contained two khirbas known as Tall al-Qadi and Khirbat al-Day'a.
 Alsópáhok is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Koziołki [kɔˈʑɔu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dmosin 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Brzeziny and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Henguiyeh (Persian: هنگوئيه‎ also Romanized as Hengū’īyeh Hengūyeh Hangooyeh and Hongūyeh; also known as Hongū Hongūh and Hungu) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District Jenah District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3800 in 735 families.
 Emamabad (Persian: امام اباد‎ also Romanized as Emāmābād) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 40 families.
 Esfanjan (Persian: اسفنجان‎ also Romanized as Esfanjān) is a village in Sahand Rural District in the Central District of Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3660 in 1060 families.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Poli Hajji (Persian: پلي حاجي‎ also Romanized as Polī Ḩājjī; also known as Qolī Ḩājjī) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2083 in 441 families.
 Laurie is a village in Morgan County Missouri United States. The population was 945 at the 2010 census. It is near Camp Hohn a Boy Scout reservation.
 Uzan-e Olya (Persian: اوزان عليا‎ also Romanized as Ūzān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Owzān-e Bālā Ūzān and Ūzān-e Bālā) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 10 families.
 Lipniki [lipˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Korytnica 16 km (10 mi) west of Węgrów and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kalaleh Eslami (Persian: كلاله اسلامي‎ also Romanized as Kalāleh Eslāmī; also known as Kalāleh Kalla Kelyaga Qeshlāq and Qishlāq) is a village in Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 60 families.
 Deh Bardel-e Dam Saqaveh (Persian: ده بردل دم سقاوه‎ also Romanized as Deh Bardel-e Dam Saqāveh) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Rigestan Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 29 families.
 Halulan (Persian: هالولان‎ also Romanized as Hālūlān; also known as Āshkī Hālūlān Hārowlān Hārūlān and Hārūyān) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 35 families.
 Radzanowo-Lasocin [rad͡zaˈnɔvɔ laˈsɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Toptaş Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca Antalya Province Turkey.
 Pandalam Thekkekara is a village in Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala India.
 Karaiya is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10550 people living in 1992 individual households.
 Musaabad-e Bakhtiari (Persian: موسي ابادبختياري‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād-e Bakhtīārī and Mūsáābād-e Bakhtīār) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 846 in 206 families.
 Radostowo [radɔsˈtɔvɔ] (German: Radostowen 1938-45: Rehbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Rozogi 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Szczytno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Teofilów [tɛɔˈfiluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Drużbice 10 km (6 mi) north of Bełchatów and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 80.
 Volárna is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Za Jeziorem [ˈza jɛˈʑɔrɛm] (behind the lake) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 For the village in the Czech Republic see Horní Suchá.Sucha Górna [ˈsuxa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polkowice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Polkowice and 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 460.
 Podłęcze [pɔdˈwɛnt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchań within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Suchań 30 km (19 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Owraki Bozorg-e Olya (Persian: عورکي بزرگ عليا‎ also Romanized as ʿOwrakī Bozorg-e ‘Olyā and Owrakībozorg-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1215 in 251 families.
 Fatemiyeh (Persian: فاطميه‎ also Romanized as Fāţemīyeh) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zvizdar is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 536 people.
 Łowyń [ˈwɔvɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Międzychód and 70 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wójtowice [vui̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Voigtsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Khosuyeh (Persian: خسويه‎ also Romanized as Khosūyeh; also known as Khusu) is a village in Khosuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2793 in 630 families.
 Dowlatabad-e Seh (Persian: دولت اباد3‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e Seh; also known as Dowlatābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Srebrny Borek [ˈsrɛbrnɨ ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Zambrów and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Innsbrook is a village in Warren County Missouri United States. The population was 552 at the 2010 census. The village of Innsbrook is comprised almost entirely by Innsbrook Resort—a private gated community.
 Karacaören is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Belapur is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5285 people living in 928 individual households.
 Bare (Busovača) is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Czarna Wielka [ˈt͡ʂarna ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Grodzisk 16 km (10 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Shoja Mahalleh (Persian: شجاع محله‎ also Romanized as Shojāʿ Maḩalleh; also known as Shojāmaḩalleh) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 83 families.
 Ignachy [iɡˈnaxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.The village has a population of 50.
 Brzezinki [bʐɛˈʑinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wołczyn 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Kluczbork and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 450.
 Hajji Kamal (Persian: حاجي كمال‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kamāl) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 72 families.
 Breeveld is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Woerden and lies about 4 km northeast of the city centre.The statistical district Breeveld which covers the village and the surrounding countryside has a population of around 130.
 Nandiwanaparthy or Nandi Wanaparthy is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal. There is a popular Nandi temple in the village.In this village we can see three oldest Temples One is Nandi Temple second is Siddeshwara Temple and third is Sri Sri Onkareshwara Swamy Temple .This Temple was constructed about 100 years back with the blessings of saint Sri Sri Bramhananda Yogananda Purnananda swamy waru.
 Archutowo [arxuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bogatka [bɔˈɡatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Pruszcz Gdański and 11 km (7 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 146.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 56 families.
 Bariahi is a village in Madhepura district of Bihar state India.
 Latamandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4267 living in 838 individual households.
 Eliminedu is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It comes under Ibrahimpatnam mandal.It is 25 kilometers away from Hyderabad city. The Outer Ring Road Hyderabad is 13 kilometers from the village.
 Inchhapuri is a mid-sized Yadav village located in the Pataudi tehsil of district Gurgaon in the Indian state of Haryana known for its temples and people. The temple of the God Shiva is famous in north India. It a very ancient temple and is located in remote area of Gurgaon.
 Çevrepınar is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Stok Wiśniewski [ˈstɔk viɕˈɲefski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wiśniew 8 km (5 mi) south of Siedlce and 86 km (53 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 141.
 Säkna is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Romartów [rɔˈmartuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Witonia 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Łęczyca and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Holm is a small village area in the municipality of Dyrøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the central part of the eastern coast of the island of Dyrøya. Dyrøy Church is located in Holm.
 Barič (Serbian: Барич) is a village situated in Obrenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Oleksandriia also Aleksandria (Ukrainian: Олександрія) is a village in Rivne Raion Rivne Oblast Ukraine. As of 2001 the community has 2397 residents. Postal code — 35320. KOATUU code — 5624680401.
 Norris Beach is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It s located on the southern shore of Pigeon Lake along Highway 13.
 Draževići (Kiseljak) is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Obory [ɔˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Obrowo and 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād; also known as Amīnābād-e Dovvom) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 108 families.
 Kuh Kan-e Olya (Persian: كوهكن عليا‎ also Romanized as Kūh Kan-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kūh Kan-e Bālā) is a village in Ab Bar Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 104 families.
 Gudåa or Gudå is a village in the municipality of Meråker in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the river Stjørdalselva about 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) west of the municipal center of Midtbygda. The village is served by Gudå Station on the Meråker Line railway as well as the European route E14 highway. Gudåa has a camping ground and it is a popular fishing spot for salmon.
 Białowieża [bjawɔˈvjɛʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kamiennik 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Nysa and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dezli Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 70 families.
 Strachomin [straˈxɔmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Latowicz 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 64 km (40 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 370.
 Matadakurubarahatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chitradurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Hanwal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gangawati taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Yên Lư is a commune (xã) and village in Yên Dũng District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Pol Gazi (Persian: پل گزي‎ also Romanized as Pol Gazī) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Dąbrowa Łużycka [dɔmˈbrɔva wuˈʐɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przewóz within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of Żary and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hưng Hội is a commune (xã) and village in Vĩnh Lợi District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Dębina [dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Stara Morawa [ˈstara mɔˈrava] (German: Alt Mohrau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. In 1975–1998 it belonged to Wałbrzych Voivodeship. Until 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Stronie Śląskie 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-east of Kłodzko and 95 kilometres (59 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 110.
 Biassini is a village in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay.
 Vikøyri is the administrative center of the municipality of Vik in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located at the mouth of the Vikja river on the south shore of the Sognefjorden roughly near the midpoint of Norway's longest fjord. The village lies along Norwegian National Road 13 which leads north to the ferry to Balestrand and south to the village of Vossevangen (in Hordaland county).
 Halapić (Cyrillic: Халапић) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Padeh (Persian: پاده‎ also Romanized as Pādeh) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 53 families.
 Dombagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Młodochów [mwɔˈdɔxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gawłuszowice within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Gawłuszowice 13 km (8 mi) north of Mielec and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Andrzejów [anˈdʐɛjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zduńska Wola and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Pappinivattom is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Shekar Ab (Persian: شكراب‎ also Romanized as Shekar Āb) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 22 families.
 Divandar (Persian: ديواندر‎ also Romanized as Dīvāndar; also known as Dīvāneh Dar) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 21 families.
 Gornja Dobrinja is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 505 people.
 Bedauli is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3839 people living in 634 individual households.
 Del Morad (Persian: دلمراد(مادني)‎ also Romanized as Del Morād; also known as Mādenī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Wola Dębowiecka [ˈvɔla dɛmbɔˈvjɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dębowiec 11 km (7 mi) south of Jasło and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 672.
 Pioneer is a village in Williams County Ohio United States. The population was 1369 at the 2010 census.
 Mudegan (Persian: مودگان‎ also Romanized as Mūdegān) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 105 families.
 Horní Police (German: Oberpolitz) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sudići (Ilijaš) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kobru is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Newcastle is a village in Dixon County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Sioux City IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 325 at the 2010 census.
 Izabelin [izaˈbɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Brudzew 6 km (4 mi) north of Turek and 115 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 143.
 Łekno [ˈwɛknɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 630.
 Strużka [ˈstruʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 131.
 Gach Kuban (Persian: گچ كوبان‎ also Romanized as Gach Kūbān; also known as Gachkūpān) is a village in Hendmini Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 877 in 174 families.
 Hłomcza [ˈxwɔmt͡ʂa] (Ukrainian: Гломча Hlomcha) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Sanok and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 310.
 Bonar Shadali (Persian: بنارشهدالي‎ also Romanized as Bonār Shadālī) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Sobótka [sɔˈbutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Ożarów 18 km (11 mi) east of Opatów and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 630.
 Cheshmehha (Persian: چشمه ها‎ also Romanized as Cheshmehhā) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 38 families.
 Zaadamie [zaaˈdamjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Dołhobyczów 32 km (20 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Yenice is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 268 people.
 74 GB is a village in the Anupgarh tehsil of Rajasthan India. It is a gram panchayat.
 Nosratabad-e Olya (Persian: نصرت ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād-e ‘Olyá) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 44 families.
 Raavitsa (also known as Raavitse) is a village in Karula Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It borders the town of Valga in the west Tartu–Valga railway in the northwest and Valga–Pechory railway in the south. Raavitsa has an unused station named Raavitse on Tartu–Valga line.The centre of Valga is 5 km away it's accessible via Tambre tee.Raavitsa has a population of 67 (as of 1 January 2004).
 Łęcze [ˈwɛnt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tolkmicko within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Darban-e Salah (Persian: دربن صلاح‎ also Romanized as Darban-e Şalāḩ; also known as Darband Şalāḩ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Khaneh Khamis-e Sofla (Persian: خانه خميس سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Khamīs-e Soflá; also known as Khānkhamīs-e Soflá) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 713 in 144 families.
 Hasanabad-e Nazarian (Persian: حسن ابادنظريان‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Naz̧arīān and Ḩasanābād-e Naz̧areyān; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 32 families.
 Kąty [ˈkɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Chah Sorkh (Persian: چاه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Chāh Sorkh) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 23 families.
 Gornje Mladice (Serbian: Горње Младице) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ilidža.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sigaste is a village in Saarde Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Aghbolagh-e Olya (Persian: اغبلاغ عليا‎ also Romanized as Āghbolāgh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āqbolāgh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 40 families.
 Poshtuiyeh (Persian: پشتويه‎ also Romanized as Poshtūīyeh) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kostrzewa [kɔsˈtʂɛva] (German: Jakobsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Drawno 17 km (11 mi) east of Choszczno and 77 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Zarośle [zaˈrɔɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ullak is a village in Sardulgarh tehsil of Mansa district of East Punjab (India).
 Kızılen is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°42′N 34°05′E it is situated in a valley of a dry river bed. Its distance to Erdemli is 35 kilometres (22 mi) and to Mersin is 70 kilometres (43 mi) . The population of the village was 289 as of 2011. There are traces of ancient civizilations around the village. But the village was founded by a Turkmen tribe from Taşkale of Karaman Province.
 Łyczanka [wɨˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Chwałów [ˈxfawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 37 kilometres (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Turcz [turt͡ʂ] (German: Thorms) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bay View is a village in Erie County Ohio United States. The population was 632 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Sandusky Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.The village consists primarily of summer homes (many converted to year round use) and a few small businesses. The community has a scenic view of Sandusky Bay.
 Kukujevci (Serbian Cyrillic: Кукујевци) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Šid municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2252 people (2002 census).
 Rosalind is a village located in the prairies of central Alberta Canada. It is located on Highway 854 approximately 120 kilometres (75 mi) southeast of Edmonton and 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Camrose the closest major trading centre.The name Rosalind was first used in 1905 and is likely an amalgamation of the nearby school districts Montrose and East Lynne.Rosalind has a number of small businesses an elementary school and a junior high school.
 Yavrucak is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Boscalar is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Lund is a village in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. Lund is located on the south side of the Foldafjord about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of Kolvereid. Norwegian County Road 769 runs through the village. Lund Chapel is located in the village. The village is connected to Fosnes to the south by two bridges over the Fjærangen fjord: Hestøy Bridge and Smines Bridge.
 Borówki [bɔˈrufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sośno 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 30.
 Błażkowa [bwaʂˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzyska within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Brzyska 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Jasło and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1616.
 Takht Arreh Yek (Persian: تخت‌اره یک‎) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Florida is a village in Orange County New York United States. The population was 2833 at the 2010 census estimates.[citation needed] It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area. The village is located in the town of Warwick with two small northern portions in the town of Goshen.
 Ebrahimabad-e Zarduiyeh (Persian: ابراهيم ابادزردوئيه‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Zardū’īyeh; also known as Ebrāhīmābād and Ebrāhīm Zardū) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 54 families.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khairābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 7 families.
 Kalgadarreh-ye Do (Persian: کلگه‌دره دو‎ also Romanized as Kalgadarreh-ye Do; also known as Kalak Darreh and Kalakdarreh-ye Do) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 625 in 119 families.
 Asheq Hesar (Persian: عاشق حصار‎ also Romanized as ‘Āsheq Ḩeşār Asak-Gisar Asak Ḩeşār Asak Hisār Ashegh Hesar and Āsheykh Ḩeşār) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dumre Dharapani is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3305.
 Modrzejewo [mɔdʐɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lipnica 14 km (9 mi) south of Bytów and 82 km (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 4.
 Sarvak (Persian: سروك‎) is a village in Sheshdeh Rural District Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 102 families.
 Aşağıçöplü is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Hurmi is a village in Kanepi Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Pothireddypally is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Atmakur mandal.
 Kösreli is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Nyambéni is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1058.
 Miłocice [miwɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Przeworno 12 km (7 mi) south of Strzelin and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hoseynabad-e Dehdar (Persian: حسين اباد دهدار‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Dehdār) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2235 in 474 families.
 Ziaran (Persian: زياران‎ also Romanized as Zīārān and Zīyārān) is a village in Ziaran Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4287 in 1168 families.
 Tall-e Siah (Persian: تل سياه‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Sīāh) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Baburdi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Maalvard (Persian: ماالورد‎ also Romanized as Māālvard) is a village in Kuri Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ki Geh (Persian: كي گه‎ also Romanized as Kī Geh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Deh-e Vasat (Persian: ده وسط‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Vasaţ; also known as Deh Vasaţ-e Now) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1063 in 235 families.
 Gajewo [ɡaˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dolsk 17 km (11 mi) south of Śrem and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Unieradz [uˈɲerat͡s] (German: Neurese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Siemyśl 13 km (8 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 97 km (60 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Aghcheh Qeshlaq (Persian: اغچه قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Āghcheh Qeshlāq; also known as Āghcheh Qeshlāqī and Āqcheh Qeshlāq) is a village in Naqdi Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 14 families.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح آباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād; also known as Şoleḩābād and Solh Ābād) is a village in Kharturan Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 55 families.
 Ketf-e Gusheh (Persian: كفت گوشه‎ also Romanized as Ketf-e Gūsheh) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 34 families.
 Kattakudi is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Qaleh-ye Kartilabad (Persian: قلعه كرتيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Kartīlābād; also known as Ghal”eh Kartil Abad) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 39 families.
 Hesar-e Sofla (Persian: حصارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Soflá; also known as Ḩeşār-e Pā'īn) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 46 families.
 Cumhurlu is a village in the Saimbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Itín is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Świerzenko [ɕfjɛˈʐɛŋkɔ] (Kashubian: Swierzenkò German: Klein Schwirsen) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Bytów and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 499.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 108 families.
 Qaleh Kuh (Persian: قلعه كوه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kūh; also known as Qal‘eh Kūh-e Bālā) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 10 families.
 Dorotka [dɔˈrɔtka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Tarłów 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Opatów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 100.
 Deh Shirin-e Badengan (Persian: ده شيرين بادنگان‎ also Romanized as Deh Shīrīn-e Bādengān; also known as Deh Shīrīn) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 48 families.
 Deh-e Pak (Persian: ده پاك‎ also Romanized as Deh Pāk) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 41 families.
 Kanvi Karvinakoppa is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Belgaum taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Bagh-e Bala (Persian: باغ بالا‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bālā and Bāgh Bālā) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 884 in 193 families.
 Jariyeh-e Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: جريه سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Jarīyeh-e Seyyed Moḩammad; also known as Qal‘eh Seyyed Moḩammad Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad Shahīd Mofatteh and Shahrak-e Mofatteh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 763 in 118 families.
 Zardeh-ye Istgah (Persian: زرده ايستگاه‎ also Romanized as Zardeh-ye Īstgāh) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuhsenjan (Persian: كوه سنجان‎ also Romanized as Kūhsenjān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 36 families.
 Bila Vlaka is a village in is a village in Stankovci municipality in Zadar county Croatia. According to the 2001 census it has 171 inhabitants.
 Leszno [ˈlɛʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Medyka within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Medyka 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Przemyśl and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 670.
 Jogwad (Jogvad Jogwar ) is a village in the state of Gujarat in western India. It lies near to Indian National Highway 8 and is about 260 kilometres (160 mi) from Mumbai 35 kilometres (22 mi) from Navsari and about 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Saputra hill station.
 Delik Yarqan (Persian: دليكيارقان‎ also Romanized as Delīk Yārqān) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 12 families.
 Regan (Persian: رگان‎ also Romanized as Regān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darbast (Persian: داربست‎ also Romanized as Dārbast) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 41 families.
 Quzlu (Persian: قوزلو‎ also Romanized as Qūzlū) is a village in Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 98 families.
 Jefrud-e Pain (Persian: جفرودپائين‎ also Romanized as Jefrūd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Licharegi-ye Hasan Rud Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 760 in 228 families.
 Chudek [ˈxudɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Kadzidło 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 111 km (69 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Naz (Persian: نز‎ also Romanized as Nāz) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 50 families.
 Telhara is a village in the Nalanda district of Bihar India.
 Sorkh-e Kan (Persian: سرخكان‎ also Romanized as Sorkh-e Kān; also known as Sorkheh Khānī) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 85 families.
 Morawy-Kopcie [mɔˈravɨ ˈkɔpt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kayısopran is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 52 people.
 Tat Kandi (Persian: تاتكندي‎ also Romanized as Tāt Kandī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 40 families.
 Somar Jan (Persian: سمارجان‎ also Romanized as Somār Jān; also known as Somād Jān) is a village in Simakan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 40 families.
 Siponiai is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 93 people.
 Chol Chol Darreh (Persian: چل چل دره‎) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Charuf (Persian: چاروف‎ also Romanized as Chārūf; also known as Chārof Mūdū Chāroft Mūdū and Mūdū) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rilić (Serbian: Рилић) is a village in the municipality of Kupres Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mořinka is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rahimabad Du (Persian: رحيم اباددو‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād Dū meaning Rahimabad 2; also known as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 14 families.
 Golshan (Persian: گلشن‎; also known as Gul Shān) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 36 families.
 Belavantra is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Hajj Abd (Persian: حاج عبيد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājj ʿAbīd; also known as Ḩājj ‘Abd) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 18 families.
 Łęg [wɛnk] (German: Lange) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Donji Banjevac (Cyrillic: Доњи Бањевац) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zakliczewo [zakliˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 71 km (44 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Bardeh Kuyeh (Persian: برده كويه‎ also Romanized as Bardeh Kūyeh; also known as Bard Kooyeh) is a village in Mohr Rural District in the Central District of Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 464 in 89 families.
 Viisu is a village in Roosna-Alliku Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Talheh (Persian: طلحه‎ also Romanized as Ţalḩeh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Bushkan District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2387 in 532 families.
 Gazumeh (Persian: گزومه‎ also Romanized as Gazūmeh) is a village in Banadkuk Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 10 families.
 Chah Gani (Persian: چاه گني‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ganī; also known as Chāganī Chāganu Chāgūnī Chāh-e Gūnū Chah Gooni Chāh Gūnī Chāh Gūnow Chāh Gūnū and Chākūni) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 39 families.
 Yalveh-ye Sofla (Persian: يلوه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Yalveh-ye Soflá; also known as Yalvā Pā'īn) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 14 families.
 Wojtaszyce [vɔi̯taˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Voigtshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Dobra 31 km (19 mi) west of Łobez and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 31 families.
 Rydzewo [rɨˈd͡zɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Ciechanów and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 370.
 Wilczyna [vilˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Duszniki 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Taurów [ˈtau̯ruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Jeżów 18 km (11 mi) east of Brzeziny and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wilcza [ˈvilt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilchowice within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Gliwice and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2063.
 Alutgama (7°19'N 80°31'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tazehabad (Persian: تازه اباد‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād; also known as Tāzehābād-e Pasīkhān) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 53 families.
 Goransko Polje (Cyrillic: Горанско Поље) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ayaz (Persian: اياز‎ also Romanized as Āyāz) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sardrud (Persian: سردرود‎ also Romanized as Sardrūd) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 63 families.
 Sang-e Sefid (Persian: سنگ سفيد‎ also Romanized as Sang-e Sefīd and Sang Sefīd) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 94 families.
 Łąki Markowe [ˈwɔnki marˈkɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It has approximately 100 inhabitants. It is the birthplace of Polish sportsmen Zygmunt Jałoszyński and Roman Jałoszyński.
 Phedi is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3731 persons living in 730 individual households.
 Brzostowo [bʐɔsˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Khari Aghlan (Persian: خري اغلان‎ also Romanized as Kharī Āghlān; also known as Khar Āghlān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 27 families.
 Nowdeh (Persian: نوده‎ also Romanized as Nowdeh Nudeh and Nūdeh; also known as Nowdeh Bālā va Pā’īn and Nude) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 918 in 296 families.
 Czulice [t͡ʂuˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Zakrzew [ˈzakʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Korytnica 18 km (11 mi) west of Węgrów and 55 km (34 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Mannaekhalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Homnabad taluk of Bidar district in Karnataka.
 Runi (Persian: روني‎ also Romanized as Rūnī) is a village in Dehrud Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 744 in 130 families.
 Durishun (Persian: دوريشون‎ also Romanized as Dūrīshūn) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Etahad (Persian: مزرعه اتحاد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Etaḥād) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sonbolabad (Persian: سنبل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sonbolābād and Sanbalabad) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 772 in 191 families.
 Balinovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Bażyny [baˈʐɨnɨ] (German Basien Baysen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Orneta 35 km (22 mi) west of Lidzbark Warmiński and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 South Wayne is a village in Lafayette County Wisconsin United States. The population was 489 at the 2010 census.
 Kadambar is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Olszewki [ɔlˈʂɛfki] (German: Olschöwken; 1938-45: Kornau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Dźwierzuty 14 km (9 mi) north of Szczytno and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gümüşköy is a village in the District of Germencik Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 201 people.
 Karlovice is a village and municipality in Bruntal District in the Ostrava Region of the Czech Republic.
 Gniewków [ˈɡɲefkuf] (German: Girlachsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobromierz within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Dobromierz 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Świdnica and 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Czar is a village in central Alberta. It is located 70 kilometres (43 mi) west of the Saskatchewan border at the intersection of Highway 13 Buffalo Trail and the CPR tracks.
 Lewików [lɛˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łaskarzew 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Bichkhana is a village in Madhubani district Bihar state India. It is 18 KM west-north from Madhubani railway station. The neighboring villages are Ektara Jamuari and Navkarhi.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as `Alīābād and Aleabad; also known as Alvār) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 38 families.
 Świeligów [ɕfjɛˈliɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1000.
 Deh-e Mirza Khan-e Bar Ahuyi (Persian: ده ميرزاخان براهويي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mīrzā Khān-e Bar Āhūyī; also known as Deh-e Mīrzā Khān-e Barāvī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 22 families.
 Üru is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Irase is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Zabagno [zaˈbaɡnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tczew and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1511.
 Choqa Kabud (Persian: چقاكبود‎ also Romanized as Choqā Kabūd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 48 families.
 Kolombari (Persian: كلمبري‎ also Romanized as Kolombarī) is a village in Jask Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 8 families.
 Mondan (Persian: مندان‎ also Romanized as Mondān) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 752 in 158 families.
 Owrazan (Persian: اورازان‎ also Romanized as Owrāzān Āvrāzān and Ūrāzān; also known as Deh-e Avrāzān and Durasān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 76 families.
 Chah Anjir (Persian: چاه انجير‎ also Romanized as Chāh Anjīr and Chāh-e Anjīr) is a village in Kuhenjan Rural District Kuhenjan District Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 479 in 105 families.
 Yarsa is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3414 people living in 705 individual households.
 Wojtówce [vɔi̯ˈtuft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Tirumalkoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Wilkanów [vilˈkanuf] (German: Wölfelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Kłodzko and 101 kilometres (63 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Khvosh (Persian: خوش‎ also Romanized as Khowsh and Khush; also known as Khosh) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 799 in 171 families.
 Ashraf (Persian: اشرف‎ also Romanized as Āshraf) is a village in Ernan Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Si Sara (Persian: سي سرا‎ also Romanized as Sī Sarā) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 30 families.
 Aleksandrovac is a village in the municipality of Žabari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1546 people.
 Doruhan-e Neqareh Khaneh (Persian: دروهان نقاره خانه‎ also Romanized as Dorūhān-e Neqāreh Khāneh; also known as Dorūhān and Dūrūhān) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 107 families.
 Nadak (Persian: نداك‎ also Romanized as Nadāk) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 26 families.
 Linie [ˈliɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lwówek 20 km (12 mi) north of Nowy Tomyśl and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 279.
 Topolnitsa is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Shahr-e Khvast (Persian: شهرخواست‎ also Romanized as Shahr-e Khvāst; also known as Shahr-e Khāst) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jedwabno [jɛdˈvabnɔ] (German: Jedwabno 1938-45: Gedwangen) is a village in Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno.
 Niedźwiedza [ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjɛd͡za] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Dębno 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Brzesko and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Ekarahiya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9085.
 Darvand-e Yek (Persian: داروند1‎ also Romanized as Dārvand-e Yek) is a village in Direh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Darkala-ye Olya (Persian: داركلاعليا‎ also Romanized as Dārkalā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Dārkalā) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 671 in 175 families.
 Mieleszkowce Zalesiańskie [mjɛlɛʂˈkɔft͡sɛ zalɛˈɕaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Gönen is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Garkushk (Persian: گركوشك‎ also Romanized as Garkūshk; also known as Garegūshk) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 42 families.
 Pałczyn [ˈpau̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Miłosław 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Września and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zakan (Persian: زاكان‎ also Romanized as Zākān and Zakān; also known as Zahkān) is a village in Darjazin-e Sofla Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 30 families.
 Seyyed Ramazan (Persian: سيدرمضان‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ramaẕān; also known as Hāyeţ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 26 families.
 Peykan (Persian: پيكان‎ also Romanized as Peykān Pāikān and Pāyekān) is a village in Jarqavieh Vosta Rural District Jarqavieh Sofla District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2583 in 718 families.
 Moszenki [mɔˈʂɛŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Jastków and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 180.
 Khairpur is a village and union council an administrative subdivision of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is also the location of the DG Khan Cement Company which in the fiscal year ending 30 June 2007 produced 2387981 metric tonnes of clinker.Now village Khairpur is a part of Kallar Kahar Tehsil.
 Anaji is a village in the Western region of Ghana. It is 10 kilometres from the centre Takoradi the Western regional capital. The village is a dormitory village.
 Tatar (Persian: ططر‎ also Romanized as Ţaṭar) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 947 in 152 families.
 Prepuštovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D29 highway.
 Darasara (Persian: دراسرا‎ also Romanized as Darāsarā; also known as Darreh Sarā) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 78 families.
 Maharlu Kohneh (Persian: مهارلوكهنه‎ also Romanized as Mahārlū Kohneh) is a village in Maharlu Rural District Kuhenjan District Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 144 families.
 Maraşlı is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Lipnica [lipˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Bidak Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 72 families.
 Bademjin (Persian: بادمجين‎ also Romanized as Bādemjīn; also known as Bademjin Ghaghzan Sharghi Batmadzhin and Bātmajīn) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 32 families.
 Gargari-ye Sofla (Persian: گرگري سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gargarī-ye Soflá and Gorgorī-ye Soflá; also known as Gargar-e Pā’īnī Gargari Pāīni Gargīrī-ye Pā’īn and Gorgorī) is a village in Asiab Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 71 families.
 Stari Gradac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Kalateh-ye Khvajeh Ali (Persian: كلاته خواجه علي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khvājeh ‘Alī; also known as Khvājeh ‘Alī) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pawłowice [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Sochaczew and 37 km (23 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 460.
 Qeshlaq-e Khurasha-ye Olya (Persian: قشلاق خورشاعليا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Khūrāshā' -ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qeshlāq-e Khūrāshā and Rūstā-ye Faşlī-ye Qeshlāq-e Khūrāshā-ye Bālā) is a village in Dizmar-e Markazi Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Mỹ Phương is a commune (xã) and village in Ba Bể District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Załęże [zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Jasielski within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Osiek Jasielski 10 km (6 mi) south of Jasło and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 650.
 Yarıkkaya is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Öznurtepe Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Rünga is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Waldberggaard is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Zaniówka [zaˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Parczew and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Moslemabad (Persian: مسلم اباد‎ also Romanized as Moslemābād; also known as Gāv Khāneh) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 601 in 140 families.
 Nazmabad (Persian: نظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Naz̧mābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 20 families.
 Daanchhi is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 11246 and had 2593 households in it.
 Gjógv (pronounced [dʒɛɡv] literally: gorge geo) is a village located on the northeast tip of the island of Eysturoy in the Faroe Islands and 63 km (39 mi) north by road from the capital of Tórshavn.The village was named after a 200-metre (650 ft) long sea-filled gorge that runs north to the sea from the village.
 Aghbolagh (Persian: اغبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Āghbolāgh and Āgh Bolāgh; also known as Ak-Bulagi Āqbolāgh Āq Bolāgh Āqbolāgh-e Gīvī Āq Bolaghī and Āqbulāqi) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 20 families.
 Uusküla is a village in Martna Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Ali Changi (Persian: عالي چنگي‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālī Changī; also known as Ali Chagi and Ālī Jangī) is a village in Delvar Rural District Delvar District Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 867 in 191 families.
 Yacuy (Salta) is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Pabhat is a village in Notified Area Committee of Zirakpur in district Mohali in state of Punjab in India.
 Ślepkowo Królewskie [ɕlɛpˈkɔvɔ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Radzanowo 13 km (8 mi) east of Płock and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Wysokie [vɨˈsɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Uchanie 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Hrubieszów and 87 km (54 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 271.
 Hukkeri (Rural) is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Lameh Dasht (Persian: لمعه دشت‎ also Romanized as Lam‘eh Dasht; also known as Lumadasht and Lyumedesht) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1079 in 255 families.
 Mast Ali-ye Olya (Persian: مستعلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Mast ‘Alī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Mast ‘Alī and Mast‘alī) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 66 families.
 Eshkaft-e Siah (Persian: اشكفت سياه‎ also Romanized as Eshkaft-e Sīāh) is a village in Jenah Rural District Jenah District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 8 families.
 Klekotna [klɛˈkɔtna] (German: Charlottenthal or Charlotte's Vale) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.The village is officially bilingual in both Polish and German. There is a large German minority here; the area being in Silesia used to be part of Germany until 1945.
 Pasieczna [paˈɕet͡ʂna] is a village in the urban-rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Jaworzyna Śląska 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Świdnica and 51 kilometres (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Rząśnik (Polish pronunciation: [ˈʐɔ̃ɕɲik]) is a village in Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rząśnik. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Wyszków and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1300.
 Mikuszewskie [mikuˈʂɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Urzędów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Kraśnik and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Veliki Obljaj is a village in Croatia.
 Smuga [ˈsmuɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Osgood is a village in Darke County Ohio United States. The population was 302 at the 2010 census.
 Pölöskefő (German: Grünfeld) is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Krzywe Koło [ˈkʂɨvɛ ˈkɔwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Suchy Dąb 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Pruszcz Gdański and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 520.
 Seyyed Taj ol Din (Persian: سيدتاج الدين‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Tāj ol Dīn and Seyyed Tāj od Dīn; also known as Saiyid Hāji Seid-Khadzhi Seyyed Ḩājī Seyyed Ḩājīm Seyyed Ḩājīn and Seyyed Ḩājjīn) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2490 in 482 families.
 Việt Tiến is a commune (xã) and village in Việt Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Jaśle [ˈjaɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Przysieki [pʂɨˈɕeki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skołyszyn within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Skołyszyn 8 km (5 mi) west of Jasło and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north central Poland. It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north of Tuchola and 62 km (39 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Hersztupowo [xɛrʂtuˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzemieniewo within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krzemieniewo 23 km (14 mi) east of Leszno and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Jaktorów-Kolonia [jakˈtɔruf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies close to Jaktorów approximately 8 km (5 mi) west of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 600.
 İbrikli Borçka is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 499 people.
 Wijewo [viˈjɛvɔ] is a village in Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wijewo. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) west of Leszno and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 1200.
 Vorniceni is a commune in Străşeni district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Vorniceni. Population 4327.
 Hulikottal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Charkas (Persian: چركس‎) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 9 families.
 Oela is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Mikulin [miˈkulin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zglenice-Budy [zɡlɛˈnit͡sɛ ˈbudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Babelabad (Persian: بابل اباد‎ also Romanized as Bābelābād) is a village in Hajjilar-e Jonubi Rural District Hajjilar District Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1164 in 242 families.
 Tarławki [tarˈwafki] (German: Taberlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Węgorzewo and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.In 2005 the village had a population of 820.
 Edakkalathur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Zangin (Persian: زنگين‎ also Romanized as Zangīn) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 45 families.
 Dabirian (Persian: دبيريان‎ also Romanized as Dabīrīān; also known as Dabīrnāl) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 47 families.
 Sard Kuhestan (Persian: سردكوهستان‎ also Romanized as Sard Kūhestān) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 491 in 74 families.
 Łaniewo-Leśniczówka [waˈɲɛvɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Džepnica is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 231 people.
 Zard-e Sham (Persian: زردشمع‎) is a village in Jaghin-e Jonubi Rural District Jaghin District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 58 families.
 Betan is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2644 people living in 407 individual households.
 Gornji Matejevac is a village situated in Pantelej municipality in the city of Niš Serbia. It is located to the north of the center of Niš on the northern slope of the Nišava river valley.
 Tavaq (Persian: طوق‎ also Romanized as Ţavaq) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2026 in 415 families.
 Kolonia Fryderyk [kɔˈlɔɲa frɨˈdɛrɨk] is a village in Gmina Gorzyce Wodzisław County Silesian Voivodeship Poland. It has a population of 1105 (2006). It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Gorzyce 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Wodzisław Śląski and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.It was founded in 1911 as a coal mining settlement. Construction of the Friedrich - Schacht coal mine had begun in 1913 and it began operating for war purposes in 1916.
 Qamchabad (Persian: قمچ اباد‎ also Romanized as Qamchābād; also known as Kamuchabad Karichivar Qomīshābād Qomshāhābād and Qumshāhābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 561 in 154 families.
 Krzykawka [kʂɨˈkafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 830.
 Załucze [zaˈwut͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Niedrzwica Duża and 22 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kłuśno [ˈkwuɕnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Schoolcraft is a village in Kalamazoo County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The village is located in Schoolcraft Township approximately 13 miles (21 km) south of Kalamazoo on U.S. Route 131. The population was 1525 at the 2010 census. The village is named in honor of geographer geologist and ethnologist Henry Schoolcraft.
 Horniki Górne [xɔrˈniki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Nowa Karczma 15 km (9 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nowe Wyrzyki [ˈnɔvɛ vɨˈʐɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Łomża and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tolombeh-ye Ahmad Didar (Persian: تلمبه احمدديدار‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Aḥmad Dīdār) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Beli Potok is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 238 people.
 Kowalewko [kɔvaˈlɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Mosaveri (Persian: مساوري‎ also Romanized as Mosāverī and Musāveri) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 12 families.
 Paso Grande is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Neginan (Persian: نگينان‎ also Romanized as Negīnān; also known as Nagīnu) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 114 families.
 Kataya is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3507 people living in 532 individual households.
 Shahrak-e Azadi (Persian: شهرك ازادي‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Āzādī) is a village in Jahad Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 14 families.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Młynek [ˈmwɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koneck within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Koneck 8 km (5 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 28 km (17 mi) south of Toruń.
 Tak Meydan (Persian: تك ميدان‎ also Romanized as Tak Meydān; also known as Tak Meydūn) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Dashtak-e Olya (Persian: دشتك عليا‎ also Romanized as Dashtak-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dashtak-e Bālā) is a village in Atrak Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1229 in 239 families.
 Listed is a pretty little fishing village on the Danish island of Bornholm 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) northwest of Svaneke. As of 2014 it has a population of 226. Fishermen have used the harbour since at least 1379.
 Qalandar (Persian: قلندر‎) is a village in Zolbin Rural District Yamchi District Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ma'ameer (Arabic: المعامير‎) is a Bahrani village in Bahrain. Nationally the village is known for its Industrial Area which consists of the Bahrain Petroleum Company (BAPCO) refinery and a large number of factories production units such as Awal Ready-mixed Concrete (ARMCON) Eastern Asphalt Gulf Petrochemical Industrial Corp (GPIC) Aluminium Bahrain and Al Zamil Aluminium. Villagers have long complained of health problems as a result of pollution from the Industrial Area.
 Läti is a village in Ülenurme Parish Tartu County Estonia. It has a population of 20 (as of 1 September 2010).
 Peyghan (Persian: پيغان‎ also Romanized as Peyghān and Pighan; also known as Peygam and Peyghān Chāy) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 785 in 178 families.
 Beyglu (Persian: بيگلو‎ also Romanized as Beyglū and Bayglū; also known as Baygehlū) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District Ilkhchi District Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 123 families.
 Valiyaran (Persian: ولياران‎ also Romanized as Valīyārān and Valyārān; also known as Valgaran and Walgaran) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 605 in 132 families.
 Nagardaha is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2564 people living in 410 individual households.
 Ulrum is a small village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of De Marne.
 Lalabad (Persian: لال اباد‎ also Romanized as Lālābād; also known as Lālehābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 34 families.
 Esterpole [ɛstɛrˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Brodnica 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Śrem and 26 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 →Dharampur is a town located in Solan district of Himachal Pradesh. It is about 65 km from Shimla and 15 km from Kasauli on the National Highway no. 22. It is also connected by Kalka Shimla Railway Line. It houses the first T.B. Sanatorium in North India. C .R.P.F camp on N.H 22 on shimla road.Dharampur sitauted on the Chandigarh - Shimla Highway.It is also connected to Kalka through toy train.
 Ningbau Ga is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Grmljani (Cyrillic: Грмљани) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chernodab is a village in the municipality of Svilengrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Luis Beltrán (Río Negro) is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Barrio El Pilar is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Gąsiorki [ɡɔ̃ˈɕɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Morzeszczyn 33 km (21 mi) south of Tczew and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Golgun (Persian: گلگون‎ also Romanized as Golgūn) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District Lalehzar District Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zduńska Wola and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rudbar (Persian: رودبر‎ also Romanized as Rūdbar) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 9 families.
 Kurpeh (Persian: كورپه‎ also Romanized as Kūrpeh) is a village in Iran located in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Estakhrgah (Persian: استخرگاه‎ also Romanized as Estakhrgāh) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 53 families.
 Tighen-e Olya (Persian: تيغن عليا‎ also Romanized as Tīghen-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Meydavud Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 563 in 110 families.
 Marianka [maˈrjanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Skarszewy 15 km (9 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 51.
 Pustków [ˈpustkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 miles) north-east of Dębica and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów. The settlement is nearly synonymous with the adjacent Pustków Osiedle housing estate built in the 1930s for emploees of the mining explosives factory of the Central Industrial Region.
 Kliszkowice [kliʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Żmigród 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Trzebnica and 37 kilometres (23 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Yengejeh (Persian: ينگجه‎) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 43 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Abdol Hamid Tamary (Persian: مزرعه عبدالحميدتمرئ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ʿAbdol Ḩamīd Tamary) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lisie Pole [ˈliɕɛ ˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Chojna 25 km (16 mi) south of Gryfino and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 600.
 Taherlu (Persian: طاهرلو‎ also Romanized as Ţāherlū; also known as Dzhakhanshakhlu Jahānshāhlū and Jehānshāhlu) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 10 families.
 Lingdem is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260876.
 Manigramam is a village in Nagapattinam district in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located 25 km from Mayiladuthurai (Mayuram) 18 km from Sirkali 5 km from Poompuhar 2 km from Thiruvengadu. Famous Thirumani Azhagar temple is located in this village. Other than this Mariyamman temple PiraiVeeran temple Mosque and Church decorate the village.Nearest Railway Station : Sirkazhi Mayiladuthurai Nearest Airport : Tiruchy
 Łoniów [ˈwɔɲuf] is a village in Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łoniów. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 450.
 Trandum is a village in Akershus Norway. The woods near Trandum were an infamous site of execution of political prisoners during the Occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany. In 1945 a total of 194 bodies were found in mass graves in the woods of Trandum including 173 Norwegians six British and fifteen Soviet citizens. Those who could be identified were exhumed and placed in individual graves (see Bjarne Dalland).
 Brożec [ˈbrɔʐɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Strzelin and 35 kilometres (22 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 296.
 Azadi-ye Dam Ludab (Persian: ازادي دم لوداب‎ also Romanized as Āzādī-ye Dam Lūdāb; also known as Āzādī) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 15 families.
 Piekarzew [pjɛˈkaʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Pleszew and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Boczów [ˈbɔt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Łapanów 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Pobłocie Małe [pɔˈbwɔt͡ɕɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Pobloth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Kołobrzeg and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Thắng Cương is a commune (xã) and village in Yên Dũng District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Sady [ˈsadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Skierbieszów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Zamość and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mramorice (Serbian: Мраморине) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wądół [ˈvɔnduu̯] (German: Charlottental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Kołczygłowy 16 km (10 mi) west of Bytów and 93 km (58 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 82.
 Krzyżanki [kʂɨˈʐanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Gołańcz 16 km (10 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Telečka (Serbian Cyrillic: Телечка Hungarian: Bácsgyulafalva) is a village in Serbia. It is in the Sombor municipality in the West Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population is 2084 people (2002 census). It is surrounded by a sandy region also referred to as Telečka or Telečka sands.
 Wabcz [vapt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stolno 10 km (6 mi) east of Chełmno 36 km (22 mi) north of Toruń and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 660.
 Hnatkowice [xnatkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orły within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Przemyśl and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Subarnapur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3515 people living in 647 individual households.
 Alliağa is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°50′N 34°56′E it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the east of Karabucak Forest. The distance to Tarsus is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) and the distance to Mersin is 37 kilometres (23 mi). The population of Aliaga is 708 as of 2011.
 Warłów [ˈvarwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Süleymaniye Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Shirgaon is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Skłody-Przyrusy [ˈskwɔdɨ pʂɨˈrusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Orguse is a village in Juuru Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Estalaj (Persian: استلج‎ also Romanized as Estelaj; also known as Astalach and Astlaj) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 874 in 210 families.
 Khatunabad (Persian: خاتون اباد‎ also Romanized as Khātūnābād) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 43 families.
 Molla Ahmad (Persian: ملااحمد‎ also Romanized as Mollā Aḩmad) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 17 families.
 Strenice is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dhanauji is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5581 persons living in 974 individual households.
 Bogumiłowice [bɔɡumiwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchosławice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Tarnów and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Traby [ˈtrabɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Myszaków [mɨˈʂakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zagórów 19 km (12 mi) south of Słupca and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 150.
 Gomtuiyeh (Persian: گمتوييه‎ also Romanized as Gomtū’īyeh; also known as Gombatū’īyeh and Gonbatū’īyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 10 families.
 Metideniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kohurestan (Persian: كهورستان‎ also Romanized as Kohūrestān Kahoorestān and Kahūrestān; also known as Khūrīstān Gūrestān and Kūristān) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District in the Central District of Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2525 in 544 families.
 Kamenska is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the Brestovac municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 1. The village is connected by the D38 state road.
 Bangesal is both a town and Pyuthan District Nepal's southernmost Village Development Committee; also Pyuthan's lowest in elevation. This VDC is in the Siwalik hills north of Deukhuri Valley.Elevations range from 323 metres (1060 ft) at the confluence of Rangle Khola with the West Rapti River bordering Dang district up to 1080 metres (3540 ft) on the crest of the Siwaliks. Except for a few hectares exceeding 1000 metres elevation Bangesal falls into Nepal's upper tropical climate zone.
 Feyzabad-e Lalaha (Persian: فيض ابادلالها‎ also Romanized as Feyẕābād-e Lālahā; also known as Rūstāi Feyẕābād-e Laleh Hā) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 13 families.
 Piotrkówek Duży [pjɔtrˈkuvɛk ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 13 km (8 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 70.
 Zalesiany [zalɛˈɕanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Obory [ɔˈbɔrɨ] (German: Oberfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kwidzyn and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 282.
 Wyrzysk Skarbowy [ˈvɨʐɨsk skarˈbɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Wyrzysk 37 km (23 mi) east of Piła and 89 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kamarcheh (Persian: كمرچه‎; also known as Kamarcheh-ye Şamad Khān) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 29 families.
 Czarna Dąbrówka [ˈt͡ʂarna dɔmˈbrufka] (German: Schwarz Damerkow; Kashubian: Czôrnô Dąbrówka) is a village in Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Bytów and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk. The village has a population of 1112.
 Naijabad (Persian: نائيج اباد‎ also Romanized as Nā’ījābād) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 65 families.
 Zapusta [zaˈpusta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszyna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has an approximate population of 50.
 Chidipani is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4903 people living in 891 individual households.Chidipani is located 21 kilometers east of Tansen the district seat and is 5 km away from Arya Bhanjyang.Mul Dhoka and Durbar were heavily destroyed by Maoists during their revolt.
 Sawpaga is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Owjur (Persian: اوجور‎ also Romanized as Owjūr; also known as Lūjūr) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 88 families.
 Kalleh-ye Siah (Persian: كله سياه‎ also Romanized as Kalleh-ye Sīāh) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zuzowy [zuˈzɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Przedbórz 37 km (23 mi) east of Radomsko and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 180.
 Rybin [ˈrɨbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kobyla Góra 18 km (11 mi) west of Ostrzeszów and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sangkosh is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4391 and had 847 houses in it.
 Ashrafabad (Persian: اشرف اباد‎ also Romanized as Ashrafābād and Ashrāfābād) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 84 families.
 Amirabad-e Qaleh Lan (Persian: امير آباد قلعه لان‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Qal‘eh Lān and Amīrābād-e Qal‘ehlān; also known as Kalīlān Qala‘lān Qal‘ehlān Qal‘eh-ye Lān and Qal‘elān) is a village in Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 53 families.
 Baba Salman (Persian: باباسلمان‎ also Romanized as Bābā Salmān and Bā Bā Salmān; also known as ‘Eşmatābād) is a village in Maviz Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5057 in 1204 families.
 Broncin [ˈbrɔnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-east of Grabów nad Pilicą 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 56 km (35 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 60.
 Raitalawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Murderaz (Persian: موردراز‎ also Romanized as Mūrderāz) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bistrica (Cyrillic: Бистрица) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Basaidu (Persian: باسعيدو‎ also Romanized as Bāsa‘īdū Bāsa‘īdow and Bāsīdu) is a village in Dulab Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1662 in 359 families.
 Shahrivar (Persian: شهريور‎ also Romanized as Shahrīvar; also known as Shahr-e Būr and Shohrehvar) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 474 in 118 families.
 Alibeyce is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Colonia Dora is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Kundzicze [kunˈd͡ʑit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Parcheh Qeshlaq (Persian: پارچه قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Pārcheh Qeshlāq) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 23 families.
 Karacalar is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 63 people.
 Ayvalı is a village in the District of İmamoğlu Adana Province Turkey.
 Szeroki Bór [ʂɛˈrɔki ˈbur] (German: Breitenheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Ruciane-Nida 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Pisz and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 300.
 Cieszęcin [t͡ɕɛˈʂɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bizhanabad (Persian: بيژن اباد‎ also Romanized as Bīzhanābād; also known as Tolombeh-ye Bīzhanābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Siedlec 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Wolsztyn and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 377.
 Emadabad (Persian: عماداباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Emādābād) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yüceköy is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 267 people.
 Adlur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Ankola taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Teodorów [tɛɔˈdɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Dąbrówka 16 km (10 mi) north of Wołomin and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Boma ya Ulanga (Ulanga) is a village in Ulanga District Morogoro Region of central Tanzania. It is on the west bank of the Ulanga River.
 Don Cristóbal Primero is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 41 families.
 Gowhar Kuh Shahrak (Persian: گوهركوه شهرك‎ also Romanized as Gowhar Kūh Shahrak; also known as Gohar Kūh Gowhar Kūh and Gwār Kūh) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 985 in 192 families.
 Łubowo [wuˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Borne Sulinowo 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Szczecinek and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Karczmy [ˈkart͡ʂmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Zelów 19 km (12 mi) north of Bełchatów and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Panbeh Chuleh-ye Pain (Persian: پنبه چوله پائين‎ also Romanized as Panbeh Chūleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1161 in 314 families.
 Sharifabad-e Quzan (Persian: شريف ابادقوزان‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād-e Qūzān; also known as Sharīfābād) is a village in Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 481 in 117 families.
 Howrik (Persian: حوريك‎ also Romanized as Howrīk and Hūrīk) is a village in Hotkan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Miłobędzyn [miwɔˈbɛnd͡zɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sierpc and 117 km (73 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Gesha is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Bani Tak (Persian: بني تاك‎ also Romanized as Banī Tāk and Bonī Tāk; also known as Binitak Mentūq Mintug and Mintugi) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1336 in 273 families.
 Sant Agustí des Vedrà is a small village in the West of the Spanish island of Ibiza. The village is in the municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia and is located on designated road PM803. The village is 11.5 miles (18.5 km) North West of Ibiza Town and 9 miles (14 km) from Ibiza Airport. 3.3 kilometres (2.1 mi) to the North East of the village is the coastal town of Sant Antoni de Portmany.
 Sroków [ˈsrɔkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wielgomłyny 23 km (14 mi) east of Radomsko and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Palain (Persian: پلايين‎ also Romanized as Palā’īn) is a village in Khalazir Rural District Aftab District Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 81 families.
 Węgra [ˈvɛŋɡra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lutsu is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Velika Kosnica is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway at the A3 interchange.
 Raciszewo [rat͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ] (German Reichenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Miłakowo 34 km (21 mi) north of Ostróda and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Sangarabad (Persian: سنگراباد‎ also Romanized as Sangarābād; also known as Sangar Āb) is a village in Dikleh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 17 families.
 Małaszek [maˈwaʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Pobórka Mała [pɔˈburka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białośliwie within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Białośliwie 25 km (16 mi) east of Piła and 83 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ogonowice [ɔɡɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Opoczno and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź. It has a Polish name of województwo łódzkie [vɔjɛˈvut͡stfɔ ˈwut͡skʲɛ] or simply Łódzkie.
 Szyszkówka [ʂɨʂˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Lubiewo 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Tuchola and 38 km (24 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 30.
 Tukar (Persian: توكر‎ also Romanized as Tūkar) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 31 families.
 Liavol-e Sofla (Persian: لياول سفلي‎ also Romanized as Līāvol-e Soflá; also known as Layāvol Pā”īn Liavalpain Līāvol-e Pā’īn Līāvol Pā’īn and Līāwalpāīn) is a village in Dolfak Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 20 families.
 Łukowo [wuˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Oborniki and 26 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gugchin (Persian: گوگچين‎ also Romanized as Gūgchīn; also known as Gūgchī and Gukchin) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 87 families.
 Donji Gradac (Cyrillic: Доњи Градац) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Fabianów [faˈbjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dobrzyca 9 km (6 mi) west of Pleszew and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Darreh Qahti (Persian: دره قحطي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Qaḥṭī; also known as Darreh Qa‘ţī) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 31 families.
 Jafarabad-e Olya (Persian: جعفرابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 64 families.
 Shahbaba (Persian: شه بابا‎ also Romanized as Shahbābā) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 26 families.
 Spasovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Hasanabad-e Majd ol Dolleh (Persian: حسن ابادمجدالدوله‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Majd ol Dolleh and Ḩasanābād-e Majd od Dolleh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 18 families.
 Hingu is a village in Kernu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Halalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Hasanabad-e Belher (Persian: حسن ابادبلهر‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Belher) is a village in Belharat Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 751 in 209 families.
 Undredal is a small village in the municipality of Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The popular tourist destination of Undredal is located along the Aurlandsfjorden which is a branch off the massive Sognefjorden in Norway's fjord-country. It sits along the Aurlandsfjorden about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the mouth to the Nærøyfjord. Undredal is home to the smallest stave church in Northern Europe Undredal Stave Church.
 Pahneh Kola-ye Jonubi (Persian: پهنه كلا جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Pahneh Kolā-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 119 families.
 Wymysłów [vɨˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Przedbórz 32 km (20 mi) east of Radomsko and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Miyanshahr (Persian: ميان شهر‎ also Romanized as Mīyānshahr; also known as Mīyānshahr-e Sūrgābād) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 97 families.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 84 families.
 Gajine (Serbian: Гајине) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kalnad is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Wargielity [varɡʲɛˈlʲitɨ] (German: Worglitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mehmandust (Persian: مهماندوست‎ also Romanized as Mehmāndūst) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 52 families.
 Dar Howz (Persian: دارحوض‎ also Romanized as Dār Ḩowẕ) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 56 families.
 Gomush Bolagh (Persian: گموش بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Gomūsh Bolāgh; also known as Gomesh Bolāgh and Komesh Bolāgh) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 79 families.
 Burunarkaç is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Wola Krogulecka [ˈvɔla krɔɡuˈlɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Stary Sącz 13 km (8 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 420.
 Banesar Kola (Persian: بانصركلا‎ also Romanized as Bāneşar Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 924 in 228 families.
 Pogwizdów [pɔɡˈvizduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Charsznica 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Miechów and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 250.
 Duhabi is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5762 persons residing in 990 individual households.Duhabi is an archeological historical religious and cultural village situated either sides of indo-Nepal border.
 Irondale is a village in Jefferson County Ohio United States. The population was 387 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Ziaran Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 24 families.
 Yeragamballi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Yelandur taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Huta Dolna [ˈxuta ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Przywidz 21 km (13 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański and 26 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 83.
 Dasht-e Zar (Persian: دشتزار‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Zār) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 7 families.
 Wiela [ˈvjɛla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Wągrowiec and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Majur is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2777 people.
 Czekanowo [t͡ʂɛkaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wągrowiec and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 116.
 Pakir Shahsavar (Persian: پكيرشهسوار‎ also Romanized as Pakīr Shahsavār; also known as Peykeh-ye Shahsavār) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 45 families.
 Brzoza [ˈbʐɔza] (formerly German Birkholz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village was first mentioned as a possession of a knight in 1337. It was purchased in 1605 by Ernst von Schöning the member of a well known Neumark family.
 Choqa Pahneh (Persian: چقاپهنه‎ also Romanized as Choqā Pahneh; also known as Cheqāh Pahneh Cheqā Pahran and Choghā Pahneh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 30 families.
 Lipienice [lipjɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrząb within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Szydłowiec and 108 km (67 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Cheshmeh Pahn-e Fereydun (Persian: چشمه پهن فريدون‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Pahn-e Fereydūn) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 47 families.
 Urapar is a small town in Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar district on the Nawanshahar-Phillaur road - 17 km from Nawanshahr and 17 km from Phillaur and 15 km from Banga. Urapar is also known as Aur-UraparChak-Urapar and capital of the Saini [ saini's ]
 Effia is a village in the Western region of Ghana. It is about 10 kilometres from Takoradi the regional capital.
 Dravlaus is a village in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the Dalsfjorden about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the village of Lauvstad. The Dravlausdalen valley runs west from Dravlaus along the Dravlauselva river. Dalsfjord Church is located in Dravlaus along the shore of the fjord.
 Siemięrzyce [ɕɛmjɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kroczyce 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Siedlimowo [ɕedliˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Jeziora Wielkie 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Mogilno 67 km (42 mi) south-west of Toruń and 72 km (45 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 250.
 Farnaq (Persian: فرنق‎; also known as Farnagh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1535 in 393 families.
 Pandar Jan (Persian: پندرجان‎ also Romanized as Pandar Jān and Penderjān) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Sowmaeh-ye Sofla (Persian: صومعه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Şowma‘eh-ye Soflá) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1713 in 296 families.
 Ayvora (Persian: ايوراع‎ also Romanized as Ayvorā Eyvarā‘ and Īvarā‘; also known as Abūrā‘) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 86 families.
 Sar Asiab-e Mugarmun (Persian: سراسياب موگرمون‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Mūgarmūn; also known as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Vahdat Rural District Mugarmun District Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Urum al-Jawz (Arabic: أورم الجوز‎ also called Ouram al-Jawz) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Idlib Governorate located south of Idlib. Nearby localities include Maataram to the north Ariha to the northeast Kafr Latah to the east Sarjah to the southeast al-Rami to the south and Muhambal to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Urum al-Jawz had a population of 4683 in the 2004 census.
 Probołowice [prɔbɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Złota 21 km (13 mi) south of Pińczów and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Ras-e Sharqi (Persian: راس شرقي‎ also Romanized as Ra’s-e Sharqī) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 8 families.
 Poniatowa-Kolonia [pɔɲaˈtɔva kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dereźnia-Zagrody [dɛˈrɛʑɲa zaˈɡrɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 480.
 Gustawów [ɡusˈtavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Szczekociny 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 70 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Sipahiler is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 53 people.
 Bożkowice [bɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Eckersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszyna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Olszyna 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Lubań and 122 kilometres (76 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Stawki Cieciułowskie [ˈstafki t͡ɕɛt͡ɕuˈwɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.The village has a population of 67.
 Hương Lâm is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Vasilj is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 757 people.
 Pękosław [pɛŋˈkɔswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Wodzisław 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Qaleh Sareban (Persian: قلعه ساربان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sārebān Qal‘eh Sārbān and Qal‘eh-ye Sārebān) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 39 families.
 Pavares (Persian: پاورس‎ also Romanized as Pāvares and Pavars) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 36 families.
 Mała Karczma [ˈmawa ˈkart͡ʂma] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Gniew 40 km (25 mi) south of Tczew and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Shandmolla (Persian: شندملا‎ also Romanized as Shandmollā) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Eber is a village in the District of Çay Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Esjil (Persian: اسجيل‎ also Romanized as Esjīl) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1187 in 339 families.
 Cham-e Aseman (Persian: چم اسمان‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Āsemān and Cham Asmān) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 30 families.
 Azreh-ye Mohammad Khan (Persian: ازره محمدخان‎ also Romanized as Azreh-ye Moḩammad Khān) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Not to be confused with Insein TownshipInsein is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Oleśnica 12 km (7 mi) south of Staszów and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 196.
 See Tira for other sites with similar names. al-Tira (Arabic: الطيرة‎ also called Tirat al-Lawz or Tira of the almonds to distinguish it from other al-Tiras) was a Palestinian town located 7 kilometres south of Haifa.It was made up of five khirbets including Khirbat al-Dayr where lie the ruins of St. Brocardus monastery and a cave complex with vaulted tunnels.
 Chah-e Rahim Zahedan (Persian: چاه رحیم‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mbangoi-Koni-Mizidjou is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 2002 .
 Osghul (Persian: اصغول‎ also Romanized as Oşghūl Oşqūl Eşqūl and Isqūl) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 59 families.
 Pishin Valeh (Persian: پيشين واله‎ also Romanized as Pīshīn Vāleh) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 21 families.
 Makce is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradište Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 975 people.
 Vadlur is a village in Bejjanki mandal Karimnagar district Andhra Pradesh India.It is located at Latitude: 11.55 / Longitude: 79.55
 Kelarud (Persian: كلارود‎ also Romanized as Kelārūd) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 24 families.
 Balmoral (2011 population: 1719) is a Canadian village in Restigouche County New Brunswick. It is located approximately 10 kilometres south of Dalhousie. Although Balmoral's population presently meets the requirements for town status under the Municipalities Act of the Province of New Brunswick the community has not yet made any change to its municipal status. The village also contains the neighbourhoods of Blair Athol Saint-Maure Selwood and Upper Balmoral.
 Klimontów [kliˈmɔntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Proszowice and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1500.
 Kijowiec-Ściany [kiˈjɔvjɛt͡s ˈɕt͡ɕanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 36.
 Aqcheh Qayeh (Persian: اقچه قيا‎ also Romanized as Āqcheh Qayeh; also known as Āqjeh Qayā Āqjeh Qayah Āqjeh Qayeh Āqjeh Qīā and Aqjeh Qīya) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1469 in 312 families.
 Pällu is a village in Saue Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Mandavadi is a village in Dindigul municipality Tamil Nadu India. The main occupation in Mandavadi is farming.
 Eshaq Bazar (Persian: اسحاق بازار‎ also Romanized as Esḩāq Bāzār; also known as E’sḩag Bāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 724 in 144 families.
 Jurkowo-Huby [jurˈkɔvɔ ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Ławiczek [waˈvit͡ʂɛk] (German: Jägerfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Skępe 13 km (8 mi) east of Lipno and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Puzeh Badi (Persian: پوزه بادي‎ also Romanized as Pūzeh Bādī; also known as Pūzeh Ābādī) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 76 families.
 Valashed-e Pain (Persian: ولاشدپائين‎ also Romanized as Valāshed-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 53 families.
 Qalin Qayah (Persian: قالين قيه‎ also Romanized as Qālīn Qayah and Qālīn Qayeh; also known as Hārūn Qal‘eh and Kalangaya) is a village in Zarjabad Rural District Firuz District Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 30 families.
 Chumchet is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 979 and had 221 houses in the village.The village of Chumchet is situated in the Tsum Valley which is completely isolated from modern developments Tsum valley saw the first set of tourists in 2007 when it was formally opened for trekking and tourism activity by Nepal government.
 Straszyn [ˈstraʂɨn] (German: Straschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański and 12 km (7 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 3600.
 Stobiecin [stɔˈbjɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kukma or Kookma is a village near the Bhuj town taluka in Kachchh District of Indian State of Gujarat. It is located at a distance of 16 kilometers from Bhuj the headquarters of Kachchh District.
 Przystronie [pʂɨsˈtrɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łagiewniki 20 km (12 mi) east of Dzierżoniów and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 200.
 Zaleś [ˈzalɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sieniewice [ɕɛɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Drohiczyn 14 km (9 mi) west of Siemiatycze and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Lukavac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 287 people.
 Shayhowli (Persian: شيهولي‎ also Romanized as Shayhowlī; also known as Shayowlī) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 55 families.
 Ao is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.Pilologist and physician Friedrich Robert Faehlmann (1798–1850) was born in Ao Manor.
 Mirza Khani (Persian: ميرزاخاني‎ also Romanized as Mīrzā Khānī; also known as Mīrzā Khūnī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Mehdiyeh (Persian: مهديه‎ also Romanized as Mehdīyeh) is a village in Sistan Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yusufağa is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Kapela Kalnička is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D24 highway.
 Gora Padao is an Indian village 5 km south of Haldwani is named after a British camp/post at that location in the mid-19th century. In 1856 Henry Ramsay took over as the Commissioner of Kumaon. The village population is about 5000. The landmark of this village is 'Chandrawati Tewari Girls College' named after the aunt of Narayan Dutt Tiwari one of the top political leaders of India and former Chief Minister of Uttarakhand.
 Sääsekõrva is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Hampa (Persian: همپا‎ also Romanized as Hampā and Hompā) is a village in Chaman Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 384 in 88 families.
 Armand-e Olya (Persian: ارمندعليا‎ also Romanized as Armand-e ‘Olyā and Armand Olya; also known as Armān and Ārmand-e Bālā) is a village in Armand Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1730 in 392 families.
 Sardab (Persian: سرداب‎ also Romanized as Sardāb) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 59 families.
 Mała Kłoda [ˈmawa ˈkwɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Donja Studena is a village situated in Niška Banja municipality in Serbia.
 Deh-e Khan (Persian: ده خان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Khān and Deh Khān; also known as Shahr Dān) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Nowinki [nɔˈviŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wojcieszków 21 km (13 mi) south of Łuków and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Harsz [xarʂ] (German: Haarschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Pozezdrze 9 km (6 mi) south of Węgorzewo and 94 km (58 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 580.
 Nesah-ye Mazkur va Nasrollah (Persian: نسه مذكورونصراله‎ also Romanized as Nesah-ye Maẕkūr va Naṣrollah) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Baadj (also known as El Baadj) is a village in the commune of Oum Touyour in El M'Ghair District El Oued Province Algeria. The village is located on the W31 regional road just northwest of where it meets the N3 highway near Oum Touyour. 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) south of Djamaa.
 B-Say-Tah is a resort village in the rural municipality of North Qu'Appelle Saskatchewan Canada. The village is located approximately 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Regina and 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of Fort Qu'Appelle on Highway 210.
 Żółte [ˈʐuu̯tɛ] (German: Schilde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Drawsko Pomorskie and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Shad Kandi (Persian: شادكندي‎ also Romanized as Shād Kandī; also known as Eslāmābād and Shāh Kandī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 64 families.
 Jugul is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 60 families.
 Deh Now-e Yarahmadi (Persian: ده نوياراحمدي‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Yāraḩmadī Deh-e Now-e Yār Aḩmadī Dehnow-e Yār Aḩmadī and Deh Now-e Yār Aḩmadī; also known as Deh-e Now) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 34 families.
 Lehdarbon (Persian: لهداربن‎ also Romanized as Lehdārbon) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 139 families.
 Daban is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune is the most northerly of the cercle. It contains 11 villages in an area of 737 square kilometers and at the time of 2009 census had a population of 9435. The village of Daban is 80 km northwest of Kati the chef-lieu of the cercle.
 Crvenčevo is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 135 people.
 Gornje Crnatovo is a village in the municipality of Žitorađa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 391 people.
 Bagh Borj (Persian: باغ برج‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Borj) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 24 families.
 Tatarszczyzna [tatarʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Lothárd is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Merrill is a village located in Jonesfield Township in Saginaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The 2010 Census places the population at 778.
 Folwarki [fɔlˈvarkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszanów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Cieszanów 10 km (6 mi) north of Lubaczów and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Szepietowo-Janówka [ʂɛpjɛˈtɔvɔ jaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Salim Sheykh (Persian: سليم شيخ‎ also Romanized as Salīm Sheykh) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 12 families.
 Chah Anjir (Persian: چاه انجير‎ also Romanized as Chāh Anjīr) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zubovići is a village in Croatia located on the island of Pag.
 Cudów [ˈt͡suduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 110.
 Kamar Boneh (Persian: كمربنه‎; also known as Kamarbūneh) is a village in Samen Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 27 families.
 Gazk (Persian: گزك‎ also Romanized as Gazak; also known as Gaz and Kaz) is a village in Horjand Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 83 families.
 Tanbalan (Persian: تنبلان‎ also Romanized as Tanbalān) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 455 in 119 families.
 Rabaküla is a village in Surju Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Vô Tranh is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Nam District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Thrikkaruva is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Mashak-e Sepahdari (Persian: ماشك سپهداري‎ also Romanized as Māshak-e Sepahdārī; also known as Māshak Māshak-e Şafādārī Māshak-e Tehrānī and Moshak) is a village in Kurka Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 119 families.
 Castletownshend (Irish: Baile an Chaisleáin) on Ireland's southwest coast is a village about eight km from Skibbereen in County Cork Ireland. The village developed around a small 17th century castle built by Richard Townsend whose descendants still reside there. As of 2007 the castle is open to the public as a bed and breakfast.The main street of the town lined with large homes from the 18th century runs down a sharply sloped hill leading to Castlehaven Harbour and the castle.
 Stupnica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 402 people.
 Rohat Tuek is a khum (commune) and village of Mongkol Borei District in Banteay Meanchey Province in western Cambodia.
 Andja is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Melečići (Serbian: Мелечићи) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dar-e Ab (Persian: دراب‎ also Romanized as Dar-e Āb) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bałoszyce [bawɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Groß Bellschwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Susz 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Iława and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Lisewo Malborskie [liˈsɛvɔ malˈbɔrskʲɛ] (German: Liessau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Lichnowy 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Malbork and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Until 1773 belonged to Poland then the area was part of Prussia then Germany and Free City of Danzig. In 1945 returend to Poland.
 Kozłowo [kɔˈzwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Grodzisk 23 km (14 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ab Gerdu (Persian: ابگردو‎ also Romanized as Āb Gerdū) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 46 families.
 Katat or Katant is a village (gram/ gaon) in Akbarpur tehsil of Ambedkar Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh India located 10.4 miles (16.7 km) in the east of Akbarpur town on Akbarpur-Azamgarh road. It is the part of seven gram sabha and associated with village panchayat Mouja- Majisa and post office Rampur Rampatti with 1200 residents which comes under the jurisdiction of Sammanpur police station.
 Dziemionna [d͡ʑeˈmjɔnna] (German: Minutsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Wielka within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-west of Nowa Wieś Wielka and 18 km (11 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Borjak (Persian: برجك‎) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 118 families.
 Zajma [ˈzai̯ma] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Michałowo and 21 km (13 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Fargush (Persian: فرگوش‎ also Romanized as Fargūsh; also known as Farkūsh) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 938 in 247 families.
 Foster is a village in Bates County Missouri United States. The population was 117 at the 2010 census.
 Kul Gul (Persian: كول گل‎ also Romanized as Kūl Gūl) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ilampokhari is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3197 people living in 620 individual households.
 Nurme Leisi Parish is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Stary Gołębin [ˈstarɨ ɡɔˈwɛmbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Czempiń 10 km (6 mi) east of Kościan and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Askkroken is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Poredy [pɔˈrɛdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Zbójna 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Łomża and 93 km (58 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Aryeh (Persian: اريه‎) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 54 families.
 Gerdkuh (Persian: گردكوه‎ also Romanized as Gerdkūh) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 16 families.
 Kottige (Kannada: ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆ) (also known as Megala Kottige (ಮೇಗಳ ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆ) ) is a small village in the Holalkere town of Chitradurga State in Karnataka India.
 Zulaher (Persian: زولاهر‎ also Romanized as Zūlāher) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Tuganjak (Persian: توگنجك‎ also Romanized as Tūganjak) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 32 families.
 Al Musayjid is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Periyanayakichatram is a village in the Srirangam taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Hajjiabad-e Sarkesh (Persian: حاجي ابادسركش‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Sarkesh) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shwewagaw is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Koona is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Ahmadiyeh (Persian: احمديه‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadīyeh) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 35 families.
 Bratwin [ˈbratfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Dragacz 19 km (12 mi) east of Świecie and 49 km (30 mi) north of Toruń.
 Grądy Szlacheckie [ˈɡrɔndɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Potkozlovača (Cyrillic: Подкозловача) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Han Pijesak.
 Seh Plan (Persian: سه پلان‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Al Mudawwarah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Qareh Bolagh (Persian: قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bolāgh) is a village in Harzandat-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 29 families.
 Izabelin-Dziekanówek [izaˈbɛlin d͡ʑɛkaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Czosnów 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Øysletta is a village in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on the south shore of the river Namsen along the now-defunct Namsos Line railway. The municipal center Ranemsletta lies about 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) to the northwest and the municipal border with Grong lies about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of Øysletta.
 Drzęczewo Pierwsze [dʐɛnˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Piaski 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Gostyń and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 132.
 Abdiuşağı is a village in the District of Ağaçören Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Karmard (Persian: كارمرد‎ also Romanized as Kārmard) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 16 families.
 Boglewice [bɔɡlɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Grójec and 46 km (29 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 440.
 Al Balad is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 McConnelsville is a village in Morgan County Ohio United States. The population was 1784 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Morgan County. As of October 19 2011 the mayor is John Walter Finley.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also known as Ja’far Abad Bahabad) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 31 families.
 Oplave (Serbian: Оплаве) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kahriz (Persian: كهريز‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 31 families.
 Makdin-e Sofla (Persian: مكدين سفلي‎ also Romanized as Makdīn-e Soflá and Makdin Sofla; also known as Makdīn-e Pā’īn Makedīn Makeh Dīn Soflá Makhdī and Qal‘eh Makhadi) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 13 families.
 Alus (Persian: الوس‎ also Romanized as Ālūs) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 14 families.
 Roberts is a village in St. Croix County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1651 at the 2010 census. The village is surrounded by the town of Warren.
 Samsieczno [samˈɕet͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sicienko and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Łysogóra [wɨsɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Dubeninki 28 km (17 mi) east of Gołdap and 159 km (99 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Koganoli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Hacıali Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Zborów [ˈzbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Widawa 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Łask and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 400.
 Przytuki [pʂɨˈtuki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kleczew 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Konin and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 170.
 Rizvand (Persian: ريزوند‎ also Romanized as Rīzvand and Rīz Vand; also known as Rīzehvand) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 94 families.
 Hulestun (Persian: هولستون‎ also Romanized as Hūlestūn) is a village in Heyran Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 14 families.
 Gliniczek [ɡliˈnit͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Tarnowiec 5 km (3 mi) east of Jasło and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 398.
 Weston is a village in Saunders County Nebraska United States. The population was 324 at the 2010 census.
 Rasulabad (Persian: رسول اباد‎ also Romanized as Rasūlābād) is a village in Masumiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Guzówka [ɡuˈzufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Stoczek Łukowski 25 km (16 mi) west of Łuków and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Basirabad (Persian: بصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Başīrābād) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 13 families.
 Struszewo [struˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Strussow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Borzytuchom 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Bytów and 86 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 173.
 Łupki [ˈwupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wleń within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Torodo is a village and seat of the commune of Diédougou in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The village is 60 km northwest of Bamako the Malian capital.
 Biskupice [biskuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszyce within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Gümele Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Perlat is a village in the municipality of Kthellë in the Mirditë District Lezhë County northwestern Albania. The village is the largest in the municipality.
 Kandal (Persian: كندال‎ also Romanized as Kandāl; also known as Ja”farābād and Kandil) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 441 in 102 families.
 Kachalak (Persian: كچلك‎ also Romanized as Kechalak; also known as Kadzhlak Keshlak and Kichlek) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 144 families.
 Rościszewo [rɔɕt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rościszewo. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Sierpc and 112 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Okhli-ye Pain (Persian: اوخلي پائين‎ also Romanized as Okhlī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Okhlī-ye Paeen) is a village in Daland Rural District in the Central District of Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 92 families.
 Kolgaküla is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia on the territory of Lahemaa National Park. It is located about 5.5 km (3 mi) south of the town of Loksa. The Valgejõgi River passes Kolgaküla on its eastern side.
 Fusheh (Persian: فوشه‎ also Romanized as Fūsheh) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 755 in 212 families.
 Pas Kareh (Persian: پسكره‎) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 701 in 140 families.
 Kazem Khani-ye Olya (Persian: كاظم خاني عليا‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧em Khānī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Kāz̧em Khānī) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 77 families.
 Kayid Ali Khan (Persian: كايدعلي خان‎ also Romanized as Kāyīd ʿAlī Khān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 552 in 135 families.
 Istgah-e Mazu (Persian: ایستگاه مازو‎ also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Māzū; also known as Mazu and Māzū) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 33 families.
 Achh is a village and union council of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°52'0N 74°8'0E with an altitude of 311 metres.
 Nowe Lutobory [ˈnɔvɛ lutɔˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Cieśle [ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gołuchów 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Pleszew and 88 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Vladići is a village in the municipality of Fojnica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zangelanlu (Persian: زنگلانلو‎ also Romanized as Zangelānlū; also known as Zangalānli and Zānganānlī) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 802 in 187 families.
 Bugzy-Jarki [ˈbuɡzɨ ˈjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nokhudan (Persian: نخودان‎ also Romanized as Nokhūdān) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 23 families.
 Wrzosy [ˈvʐɔsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Tuczno 21 km (13 mi) west of Wałcz and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.The village has a population of 170.
 Mehtar (Persian: مهتر‎) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Abjaz (Persian: ابجاز‎ also Romanized as Ābjāz) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 18 families.
 Sułków [ˈsuu̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krasocin 9 km (6 mi) east of Włoszczowa and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 373.
 Masarm-e Olya (Persian: ماصرم عليا‎ also Romanized as Māşarm-e ‘Olyā; also known as Māsaram and Māsarm-e Bāla) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 43 families.
 Skálavík Skaalevig Skalevig Skålevig is a village and municipality on the eastern coast of the Faroese island Sandoy.
 Gornji Nevizdraci (Cyrillic: Горњи Невиздраци) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wilkowa Wieś [vilˈkɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sarang-e Sofla (Persian: سارنگ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sārang-e Soflá; also known as Sārang-e Pā’īn and Sārang) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 21 families.
 Pir Komaj (Persian: پيركماج‎ also Romanized as Pīr Komāj) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 558 in 141 families.
 Ilkhchi-ye Sofla (Persian: ايلخچي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Īlkhchī-ye Soflá; also known as Īlchi-ye Soflá and Īlkhchīh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 52 families.
 Koldada is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3581 people living in 456 individual households.
 Siah Rud Poshteh (Persian: سياهرودپشته‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Rūd Poshteh; also known as Sīāh Rūd) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 41 families.
 Aq Bolagh-e Mohammad Vali (Persian: اقبلاغ محمدولي‎ also Romanized as Āq Bolāgh-e Moḩammad Valī) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 22 families.
 Krępa [ˈkrɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuliszków within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Tuliszków 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Turek and 98 km (61 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 290.
 Konar-e Jamal (Persian: كنارجمال‎ also Romanized as Konār-e Jamāl) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 18 families.
 Gerd Naleyn (Persian: گردنعلين‎ also Romanized as Gerd Na‘leyn) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 19 families.
 Rajghadh is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 13302 people living in 2562 individual households.
 Vadinar is divided into three parts: vadinar gaon vadinar dhar and kpt colony.Narar island route is situated nearly 7km from kpt colony.Nearby town to vadinar are as follows zakharsingach and bharana.At zakhar there is a great temple of lors Shiva named as Jundeshwar mahadev.
 Chah-e Ashair Mollah Abbas Hoseyni (Persian: چاه عشايرئ ملاعباس حسيني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAshāīr' Mollā ʿAbbās Ḩoseynī; also known as Shahīd Ḩoseyn Bar) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 35 families.
 Nibork [ˈnibɔrk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Sorkwity 11 km (7 mi) west of Mrągowo and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 190.
 Migammana Ihalagammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Senisławice [sɛniswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Opatowiec 19 km (12 mi) east of Kazimierza Wielka and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] (German: Friedrichswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Stargard Szczeciński and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Guddal is a village in Fjaler Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the village of Flekke in the Guddalen valley. The village of Vadheim (in Høyanger Municipality) lies about 25 kilometres (16 mi) to the southeast of Guddal. The village is the site of Guddal Church which serves the whole valley. The local economy is centered around agriculture and forestry.
 Sarkhun (Persian: سرخون‎ also Romanized as Sarkhūn; also known as Sarkhoom and Shahru) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District Qaleh Qazi District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3870 in 896 families.
 Samogród [saˈmɔɡrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Dar-e Zegun (Persian: درزگون‎ also Romanized as Dar-e Zegūn) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sadeqlu (Persian: صادق لو‎ also Romanized as Şādeqlū) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District Pish Khowr District Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 33 families.
 Shellalu (Persian: شللو‎ also Romanized as Shellalū) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District Ilkhchi District Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 59 families.
 Wierzbno [ˈvjɛʐbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Koniusza 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Proszowice and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Leiren or Leira is a village in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county Norway. The village is located at the northern end of the lake Nedre Fiplingvatnet. The municipal center of Trofors lies about 25 kilometres (16 mi) to the northwest and the village of Majavatn lies about 30 kilometres (19 mi) to the south. The local Fiplingdal Church is located in Leiren serving the eastern part of Grane.
 Largdasht (Persian: لرگ دشت‎) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 12 families.
 Bagniewo [baɡˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Drezdenko 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 32 km (20 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 100.
 Khant is a small noted village in the Khamanon tehsil of Fatehgarh Sahib district in East Punjab (Indian Punjab). Maanpur is just 0.6 km away in the east so they often called Khant Maanpur together. A noted Punjabi singer-songwriter and actor Babbu Maan belongs to the village.
 Krawara [kraˈvara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Chlewiska 6 km (4 mi) north of Szydłowiec and 105 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 40.
 Hakan (Persian: حكان‎ also Romanized as Ḩakān and Ḩakkān; also known as Hagān) is a village in Darjazin-e Sofla Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 930 in 182 families.
 Dobryłów [dɔˈbrɨwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Chełm and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Poplin [ˈpɔplin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wiżajny 27 km (17 mi) north of Suwałki and 135 km (84 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bid Khan (Persian: بيدخان‎ also Romanized as Bīd Khān; also known as Bīdkhār) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 401 in 105 families.
 Kol Koleh (Persian: كل كله‎) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Naghan District Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 67 families.
 Thoppuviduthy is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Darreh Ney (Persian: دره ني‎) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 882 in 177 families.
 Michalinów [mixaˈlinuf] near Trąbczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is one of two villages with this name in the district the other being Michalinów near Oleśnica.
 Sar Qaleh-ye Khalijan (Persian: سرقلعه هلايجان‎ also Romanized as Sar Qal‘eh-ye Khalījān) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 74 families.
 Suq Suwayq is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Kozarevina (Cyrillic: Козаревина) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Andideniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jaisithok Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2492 and had 458 houses in it.
 Płoszyce [pwɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lelis 20 km (12 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 121 km (75 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Eslamabad-e Dowlatabad (Persian: اسلام اباددولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Dowlatābād; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Baghin Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Jahadabad (Persian: جهاداباد‎ also Romanized as Jahādābād) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 115 families.
 Hapugaha-Arawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Lovas is a village and seat of municipality in the Vukovar-Syrmia County of eastern Croatia located on the slopes of Fruška Gora a few kilometers south of the main road connecting Vukovar with Ilok. Lovas has a population of 1167 (2001) and its municipality also includes the smaller village of Opatovac (pop. 412 in 2001) which is located to the north at the Danube.
 Kaltandar-e Sofla (Persian: كلتندرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kaltandar-e Soflá Kaltondar-e Soflá and Kaltondar Soflá; also known as Kaltondar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 62 families.
 Tuman Rahi (Persian: تومان راهي‎ also Romanized as Tūmān Rāhī; also known as Tombān Rāhī and Tūmānzāhī) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 22 families.
 Shurabad-e Nur Mohammad (Persian: شورابادنورمحمد‎ also Romanized as Shūrābād-e Nūr Moḩammad; also known as Shoor Abad Shūrābād Shūrābād-e Nūr and Shūrābād-e Zard) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 426 in 98 families.
 Knopin [ˈknɔpin] (German Knopen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād; also known as Boyok Āqālū and Boyūk Āqā) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 36 families.
 Ab Gavan-e Kuchek (Persian: اب گاون كوچك‎ also Romanized as Āb Gāvān-e Kūchek) is a village in Vahdat Rural District Mugarmun District Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 12 families.
 Angulesh (Persian: انگولش‎ also Romanized as Angūlesh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 66 families.
 Jomsom (Nepali: जोमसोम) also known as Dzongsam or New Fort is a town located at an altitude of 2800m in Mustang District Nepal. It extends over both the banks of the Kali Gandaki River. Along the banks of Kali Gandaki river there are rocks holy to the Hindus. The soaring peaks of Dhaulagiri and Nilgiri form a backdrop.
 Dizaj Hoseyn Beyg (Persian: ديزج حسين بيگ‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj Ḩoseyn Beyg and Dīzaj-e Ḩoseyn Beyg; also known as Dīzaj-e Ḩoseyn Beyk Dizaj Hosein Beik Dīzaj Ḩosey Beyk Dīzeh Ḩoseyn Bag Ḩoseyn Beyg Dīzeh Ḩoseyn Beyk Dīzeh Hussain Beg Dīzeh and Usenbay-Diza) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3764 in 963 families.
 Vazmaneh-ye Olya (Persian: وزمانه عليا‎ also Romanized as Vazmāneh-ye ‘Olyā and Vezmāneh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Ozmāneh-ye ‘Olyā Uzmāneh Uzmāneh ‘Uliya Vazmāneh-ye Bālā and Vezmāneh) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 19 families.
 Chwalimierz [xfaˈlimjɛʂ] (German: Frankenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Środa Śląska and 31 kilometres (19 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The merchant Georg von Kramsta had a Neo-Renaissance palace built here around the year 1885 that was destroyed during World War II.
 Darreh Abi (Persian: دره آبي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Ābī) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 29 families.
 Piotrkowo [pjɔtrˈkɔvɔ] (German Peterkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Janowiec Kościelny 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 60.
 Dash Bolagh (Persian: داش بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh and Dāshbolāgh; also known as Dash Bulag Dāshbūlāgh and Dāshbulāq) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 24 families.
 Purkan (Persian: پوركان‎ also Romanized as Pūrkān) is a village in Adaran Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 114 families.
 Borowina [bɔrɔˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Szprotawa 19 km (12 mi) east of Żagań and 35 km (22 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Dashtkar (Persian: دشتكار‎ also Romanized as Dashtkār) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Çanakçı is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Mrđanovci (Cyrillic: Мрђановци) is a village in the municipality of Kupres Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Medovci is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lipe [ˈlipɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Blizanów 20 km (12 mi) north of Kalisz and 92 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qashqay (Persian: قاشقاي‎ also Romanized as Qāshqāy and Qashqāy) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 24 families.
 Venekuusiku is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.
 Maralköy Borçka is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 262 people.
 Slivnica is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 18 people.
 Govanakoppa (K.S.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Eistvere is a village in Imavere Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Lubrza 14 km (9 mi) west of Świebodzin 38 km (24 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 53 km (33 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 130.
 Tartak [ˈtartak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Konin and 87 km (54 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 70.
 Oholje is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Nalaki (Persian: نلكي‎ also Romanized as Nalakī) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 9 families.
 Wojciechowo [vɔi̯t͡ɕeˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Polwatta Colony is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kąty Rakszawskie [ˈkɔntɨ rakˈʂafskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakszawa within Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Rakszawa 14 km (9 mi) north of Łańcut and 22 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Darreh Bangaru (Persian: دره بنگرو‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bangarū) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 6 families.
 Gachin (Persian: گچين‎ also Romanized as Gachīn) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 573 in 128 families.
 Qush Qayahsi (Persian: قوش قيه سي‎ also Romanized as Qūsh Qayahsī; also known as Qūshqāyā) is a village in Zolbin Rural District Yamchi District Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 31 families.
 Shahab ol Din (Persian: شهاب الدين‎ also Romanized as Shahāb ol Dīn Shahāb od Dīn and Shahābuddīn) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District Chaharduli District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 401 in 75 families.
 Cerkiewnik [t͡sɛrˈkʲɛvnik] (German Münsterberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Dzwonowice [d͡zvɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pilica 18 km (11 mi) east of Zawiercie and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Ala (Persian: علا‎ also Romanized as ‘Alā ‘Alā’ and ‘Allā; also known as Kalāt) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1303 in 349 families.
 Bieliny [bʲɛˈlʲinɨ] (German: Bellienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Miavaq (Persian: مياوق‎ also Romanized as Mīāvaq and Mīyāvaq) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2049 in 548 families.
 Darvaleh-ye Bala (Persian: دوروله بالا‎ Sorani Kurdish: دەروەلەی ژوورو also Romanized as Darvaleh-ye Bālā; also known as Darvaleh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Jawanroud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 Goślice [ɡɔˈɕlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Bielsk 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Płock and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Chushadestan (Persian: چوشادستان‎ also Romanized as Chūshādestān; also known as Choosha Hanestan Chūshāhestān and Chushastan) is a village in Kurka Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Podole [pɔˈdɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Tłuchowo 19 km (12 mi) east of Lipno and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Seoce (Breza) is a village in the municipality of Breza Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mohrab Bazar (Persian: محراب بازار‎ also Romanized as Moḩrāb Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 10 families.
 Borów [ˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Opatówek 11 km (7 mi) east of Kalisz and 116 km (72 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Woźniki [vɔʑˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kotakepitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nowe Dolistowo [ˈnɔvɛ dɔlisˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Amiriyeh (Persian: اميريه‎ also Romanized as Amīrīyeh) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Gorudal (Persian: گرودل‎ also Romanized as Gorūdal) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 50 families.
 Longtown is a village in Union Township in Perry County Missouri in the United States. The population was 102 at the 2010 census.
 Cross Plains is a village in Dane County Wisconsin United States. The population was 3538 at the 2010 census. The village is located partially within the Town of Cross Plains. It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Darreh Bala (Persian: دره بالا‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bālā; also known as Darrehbālā) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Valiabad Khosrow Khani (Persian: ولي ابادخسروخاني‎ also Romanized as Valīābād Khosrow Khānī) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 5 families.
 Sikash is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3060 and had 514 houses in the village.
 Chajczyny [xai̯ˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Zelów 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Talkheh Zar (Persian: تلخه زار‎ also Romanized as Talkheh Zār) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 12 families.
 Dragoraj is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ahangar Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: اهنگركلاسفلي‎ also Romanized as Āhangar Kolā-ye Soflá) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 574 in 155 families.
 Flo is a small village in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located on the northern shore of the lake Oppstrynsvatn about 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of the municipal center of Stryn.
 Martiany [marˈtjanɨ] (German Mertenheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Kętrzyn and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Turahi (Persian: تورهي‎ also Romanized as Tūrahī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Salestan (Persian: سالستان‎ also Romanized as Sālestān; also known as Salasan and Salistan) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 64 families.
 Veličani (Cyrillic: Величани) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Đulekare is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 117 people.
 Zaleh Rash (Persian: ظله رش‎ also Romanized as Z̧aleh Rash) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 13 families.
 Lifku Khandan (Persian: ليفكوخندان‎ also Romanized as Līfkū Khandān) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 82 families.
 Blaguša is a village in Croatia.
 Laski Lubuskie [ˈlaski luˈbuskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 220.
 Avijdan (Persian: اويجدان‎ also Romanized as Avījdān) is a village in Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 45 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Osiek Mały 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Koło and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 120.
 Glaznoty [ɡlazˈnɔtɨ] (German Marienfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Ostróda and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Budziska [buˈd͡ʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bolundra (Ta - Modasa) is the village of Sabarkantha district in Gujarat state India.
 Kar Gavaneh (Persian: كرگوانه‎ also Romanized as Kar Gabeneh and Gargabīneh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 24 families.
 Hoffman Estates is a northwestern suburb of Chicago in Illinois United States. The city is located primarily in Cook County with a small section in Kane County. As of the 2010 census the city population was 51895. The city was incorporated in 1959.The city now serves as the headquarters location for the Sears Holdings Corporation the Midwest headquarters for AT&T and the American headquarters for Mori Seiki.
 Rębiechowo [rɛmbjɛˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Żukowo 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 14 km (9 mi) west of central Gdańsk. The village has a population of 463.In 1973 the eastern part of the village was incorporated into the city of Gdańsk where it now forms a district also known as Rębiechowo.
 Krościenko [krɔɕˈt͡ɕeŋkɔ] (Ukrainian: Коростенько Korosten’ko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland near the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 590.
 Targowisko-Kolonia [tarɡɔˈviskɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 37 families.
 Kani Pezmakeh (Persian: كاني پزمكه‎ also Romanized as Kānī Pezmakeh; also known as Kānī Pīzmakeh) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 20 families.
 Chahu Genow-e Bala (Persian: چاهوگنوبالا‎ also Romanized as Chāhū Genow-e Bālā; also known as Chāhū) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zaruni Hamat Beyg (Persian: ضروني همت بيگ‎ also Romanized as Ẕarūnī Hamat Beyg) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 11 families.
 Zakrzowiec [zaˈkʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niepołomice within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Chain-O-Lakes is a village in Roaring River Township Barry County Missouri United States. The population was 126 at the 2010 census.
 Łysiny [wɨˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wschowa and 51 km (32 mi) east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 316.
 Tarchalin [tarˈxalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Bojanowo 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Rawicz and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 53 families.
 Shenguiyeh-ye Pain (Persian: شنگوئيه پائين‎ also Romanized as Shengū’īyeh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Shengūyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Ban Nam Di is a village in Luang Namtha Province Laos located about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northeast of Luang Namtha. It has a population of about 500. The Nam Di River flows nearby and the Nam Di waterfall is about a 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) from the village. The village is famous for its bamboo paper making by the Lanten peoples. The locals are adept at turning bamboo into pulp on the river banks and making paper by spreading it thinly over square cotton screens.
 Kasf (Persian: كاسف‎ also Romanized as Kāsf) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 962 in 231 families.
 Gevarzin (Persian: گورزين‎ also Romanized as Gevarzīn; also known as Kavarzīn Kavazrīn Kovardīn Kūrdīn Kuvadin and Kuvardīn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1360 in 342 families. The village suffered heavily in the 2005 Qeshm earthquake.
 Nowe Chojno [ˈnɔvɛ ˈxɔi̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Gorno Yabalkovo is a village in Sredets Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Kreców [ˈkrɛt͡suf] (Ukrainian: Креців Kretsiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska within Sanok County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 10.
 Qeshlaq-e Jafar Qoli (Persian: قشلاق جعفرقلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ja‘far Qolī; also known as Qarah Bāghlī and Qeshlāq-e Ja‘far Qolī Khān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Kesmun (Persian: كسمون‎ also Romanized as Kesmūn; also known as Gesmān and Kesmān) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Chiti (Persian: چيتي‎ also Romanized as Chītī) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 8 families.
 Gołębin-Wieś [ɡɔˈwɛmbin ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Güneyköy Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Działoszyn [d͡ʑaˈwɔʂɨn] (German: Königshain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech and German borders. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bogatynia 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Zgorzelec and 148 kilometres (92 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Lih Kolam (Persian: ليه كلام‎ also Romanized as Līh Kolām; also known as Likolom) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 58 families.
 Wołogoszcz [vɔˈwɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dobiegniew 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany and named Wolgast (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 170.
 Kolaksar (Persian: كلاك سر‎ also Romanized as Kolāksar) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4914 in 1344 families.
 Ingram is a village in Rusk County Wisconsin United States. The population was 78 at the 2010 census.
 Joghanab-e Sofla (Persian: جغناب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Joghanāb-e Soflá; also known as Jeghanāb Pā’īn and Joghanāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 29 families.
 Kuch (Persian: كوچ‎ also Romanized as Kūch; also known as Kooch Nahar Khan and Kūch-e Now Ferest) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 44 families.
 Kikojevac is a village situated in Knić municipality in Serbia.
 Pardołów [parˈdɔwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Stąporków 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Końskie and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 360.
 Nowa Słupca [ˈnɔva ˈswupt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sarkin Yamma is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Kornelin [kɔrˈnɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Szubin 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 124.
 Bala Tamushal (Persian: بالاتموشل‎ also Romanized as Bālā Tamūshal; also known as Bālāmaḩalleh-ye Tamūshal) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 112 families.
 Dziewiątle [d͡ʑɛˈvjɔntlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Iwaniska 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Opatów and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 210.
 Machaire Rabhartaigh (formerly anglicized as Magheraroarty) meaning plain of the high tide is a Gaeltacht village and townland on the north-west coast of County Donegal Ireland. It is in the parish of Cloughaneely and its main access road is the R257.It has been home to a Gael Linn Irish Language Summer School since 1981 which runs three courses for teenagers aged 12–18 every summer and has an intake of about 200 students per course.The village has a port suited for fishing vessels.
 Zubki Małe [ˈzupki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Czerniewice 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hakimabad (Persian: حكيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩakīmābād) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2018 in 470 families.
 Reddiyur is a village in the Yelagiri Hills near Jolarpet India. Elagiri Zamindar Reddy Family owned Yelagiri and lived at Reddiyur. The government of India acquired Yelagiri during the early 1950s. The house where the Elagiri Zamindars lived still exists in Reddiyur.
 Murud मुरुड (हर्णै) is a Village in the Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra India.It is located in the Dapoli sub-district (taluka) of Ratnagiri district. Murud is commonly called Murud-Harnai to distinguish it from Murud-Janjira (near Alibag Murud is a growing tourist spot famous for its scenic beaches ancient temples and medieval sea fort.The social reformer Maharshi Dhondo Keshav Karve Bharat Ratna was born here in 1858.
 Maliszewko [maliˈʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Drobin 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Płock and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Chikkabanavara is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bangalore North taluk of Bangalore Urban district in Karnataka.
 Çayören is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 274 people.
 Brzeżno [ˈbʐɛʐnɔ] (formerly German Briesen) is a village in Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brzeżno. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Świdwin and 86 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 970.
 Saraçlar is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 571 people.
 Wabienice [vabjɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Bierutów 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Oleśnica and 39 kilometres (24 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Garuk (Persian: گروك‎ also Romanized as Garūk) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Birinciafşar is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 35 people.
 Soběraz is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Bronisławów [brɔniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Głowno 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Milan (Persian: ميلان‎ also Romanized as Mīlān) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nariman (Persian: نريمان‎ also Romanized as Narīmān) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 14 families.
 Ushtobin (Persian: اوشتبين‎ also Romanized as Ūshtobīn; also known as Oshtī”n Oshtowbīn Oshtūbīn Uchtubin and Ūshtowbīn) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 653 in 145 families.
 Mawadin is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3353 people living in 634 individual households.
 Narantalawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Boğazkent is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kilmoon (Irish: Cill Mhúine) is a civil parish of County Clare Ireland 7 miles (11 km) north of Ennistymon just to the northeast of Lisdoonvarna.
 Ovabaşı is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Gunefshgan (Persian: گونفشگان‎ also Romanized as Gūnefshgān) is a village in Hudian Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Yengijeh (Persian: ينگيجه‎); also Romanized as Yengījeh; also known as Yengejeh is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 73 families.
 Now Chah (Persian: نوچاه‎ also Romanized as Now Chāh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 31 families.
 Kıratlı is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 127 people.
 Tazeh Kand-e Hurilar (Persian: تازه كندحوريلر‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Ḩūrīlar and Tāzehkand-e Ḩowreylar; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Khowreylar and Tāzeh Kand-e Khvorīlar) is a village in Leylan-e Shomali Rural District Leylan District Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 91 families.
 Ahandan (Persian: آهندان‎ also Romanized as Āhandān) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1056 in 302 families.
 Kilmurry-Negaul (Irish: Cill Mhuire na nGall) is a civil parish and a village in County Clare Ireland.
 An Thạnh Trung is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Chợ Mới District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Akhlamad-e Olya (Persian: اخلمدعليا‎ also Romanized as Akhlamad-e-’Olyā; also known as Akhlamad Akhlamad-e Bāla and Akhlūmad) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 173 families.
 Monkali is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies on the banks of the Chindwin River south of Homalin town.
 Tõrma is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Naprusewo [napruˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Słupca and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pontoetoe is a village in the Sipaliwini District of Suriname situated on the banks of the Tapanahony River.
 Amalal (Persian: املل‎ also Romanized as Āmalal) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 12 families.
 Dąbrowa Człuchowska [dɔmˈbrɔva t͡ʂwuˈxɔfska] (German Damerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Przechlewo 19 km (12 mi) north of Człuchów and 107 km (66 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 286.
 Byszwałd [ˈbɨʂfau̯t] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Iława and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 550.
 Kalateh-ye Akhund (Persian: كلاته اخوند‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ākhūnd) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 38 families.
 Maungkan is a village on the Chindwin River in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located next to Chaungson and south of Tason. Gardens were planted in Maungkan and other nearby villages around 1700 and the village has been documented as producing pickled tea known as letpet.
 Rig Deraz (Persian: ريگ دراز‎ also Romanized as Rīg Derāz) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District Tukahur District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 786 in 166 families.
 Õle is a village in Kareda Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Jamali (Persian: جمالي‎ also Romanized as Jamālī) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District Eresk District Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Unikowice [unikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Paczków 23 km (14 mi) west of Nysa and 70 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 360.
 Edathirinji is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Sekursko [sɛˈkurskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Żytno 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 101 km (63 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tawęcino [tavɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ] (German Tauentzien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 12 km (7 mi) north of Lębork and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 304.
 Świdwie [ˈɕfidvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 160.
 Widryki [viˈdrɨki] (German: Widdrichs) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Lidzbark Warmiński and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Donji Detlak (Serbian: Доњи Детлак) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Struya is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Galleh Bacheh (Persian: گله بچه‎) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 566 in 109 families.
 Bayarban Keroun (Nepali: बयरबन केरौन)VDC nepal Bayarban Keroun is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 45430.
 Santalla is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3302 people living in 613 individual households.
 Wałdówko [vau̯ˈdufkɔ] (German: Neu Waldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 190.
 Piiri Saare County is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Potkraj (Cyrillic: Подкрај) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Smolnitsa is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Mosihani is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4001 people living in 671 individual households.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 27 families.
 Sevimli Hanak is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Al-Dalhamiyya (Arabic: الدلهمية‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tiberias Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 15 1948 under Operation Gideon. It was located 14 km south of Tiberias situated on the north bank of the Yarmuk River on the Palestine-Jordan border.In 1945 the village had a population of 410.
 Andrzejki-Tyszki [anˈdʐɛi̯ki ˈtɨʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Czerwin 28 km (17 mi) east of Ostrołęka and 106 km (66 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 120.
 Ali Beyk (Persian: علي بيك‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Beyk and ‘Alī Beyg) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 37 families.
 Zaborów [zaˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Szczurowa 20 km (12 mi) north of Brzesko and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 568.
 {Stengöl is a village in Karlskrona Municipality Blekinge County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 90 people.nl:Stengöl och del av Svensgölsv:Stengöl och del av Svensgöl|Stengöl is a village in Karlskrona Municipality Blekinge County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 90 people.}
 Soje [ˈsɔjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Czerwonka 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 80 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Nowa Gazomia [ˈnɔva ɡaˈzɔmja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Whitegate (Irish: An Geata Bán meaning the white gate) is a small village on the R352 regional road in northeastern County Clare Ireland. A tightly knit community shows through even though many of the old buildings are gone. What was once the church has been in disuse for many years and has now become a warehouse and lumberyard. All that is left of the oldest buildings is a small cottage which has crumbled and caved in on the cross-roads.
 Szczytno [ˈʂt͡ʂɨtnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Rogoźno 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Oborniki and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 35.
 Parastan (Persian: پاراستان‎ also Romanized as Pārāstān; also known as Pārestān) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 58 families.
 Tracze [ˈtrat͡ʂɛ] (German: Tratzen (1938-45:Trabenau)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Asatdas is a settlement in the northeast of Guam. It is located south of Yigo close to Pagat Point.
 Vigošte is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1034 people.
 Maciejowice [mat͡ɕejɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Gnojno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Lahijan (Persian: لاهيجان‎ also Romanized as Lāhījān; also known as Lāijan) is a village in Razmavaran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2335 in 540 families.
 Nikachkovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Talab Darreh (Persian: تلاب دره‎ also Romanized as Talāb Darreh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 70 families.
 Upper Bethlehem is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Machcin [ˈmaxt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Chynów 21 km (13 mi) east of Grójec and 35 km (22 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kownaciska [kɔvnaˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Suchożebry 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 91 km (57 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Hoseynabad-e Derakhti (Persian: حسين اباددرختي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Derakhtī and Ḩoseynābād-e Darakhtī; also known as Husainābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 86 families.
 Rusatai-ye Belal (Persian: روستاي بلال‎ also Romanized as Rūsatāī-ye Belāl) is a village in Kongor Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 43 families.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Āsadābād) is a village in Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 20 families.
 Henüzçakırı is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Chrzanowo [xʂaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Opinogóra Górna 3 km (2 mi) east of Ciechanów and 77 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Polkowo [pɔlˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ostry Kamień [ˈɔstrɨ ˈkamjɛɲ] (German: Scharfenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Orneta 37 km (23 mi) west of Lidzbark Warmiński and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Miszewo B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sierakowo [ɕeraˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Raciąż 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 86 km (53 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Siedluchno [ɕeˈdluxnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kal [kal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Węgorzewo and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 150.
 Mimowola [mimɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Inowrocław 39 km (24 mi) south-west of Toruń and 39 km (24 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Ganj Bhawanipur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4776 persons living in 839 individual households.
 Omm ol Gharib-e Bozorg (Persian: ام الغريب بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Omm ol Gharīb-e Bozorg; also known as Ommé Gharibehé Bozorg Omm ol Gharīb Omm ol Qarīb and Omm-ol Qarīd) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 26 families.
 Grabia Trzecia [ˈɡrabja ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Łask and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Mehrian (Persian: مهريان‎ also Romanized as Mehrīān Mehreyān and Mehriyan; also known as Mehrūyān) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 189 families.
 Kandis Kola (Persian: كنديس كلا‎ also Romanized as Kandīs Kolā; also known as Gondes Kolā and Kondes Kolā) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 20 families.
 Menawali (मेणवली) is a village about three kilometres from Wai in Satara district and is known fora Peshwa era Wada (Fortified Mansion) built by Nana Fadnavis the great Maratha statesman of the Peshwa period.Bhavan Rao Trymbak Pant-Pratinidhi of Aundh and Raghunath Ghanshyam Mantri (Satara) bestowed the village of Menawali to Nana Fadnavis in December 1768.
 Przeździęk Wielki [ˈpʂɛʑd͡ʑɛnk ˈvjɛlki] (German: Gross Przesdienk 1900-45:Gross Dankheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wielbark 24 km (15 mi) south of Szczytno and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gaflei is a hamlet in Liechtenstein located in the municipality of Triesenberg.
 Świerkowo [ɕfjɛrˈkɔvɔ] (German: Zwerchau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Chah-e Sharif Zahedan (Persian: چاه شریف‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Budikote or the Fort of Ash is a small village situated in Bangarpet Taluk of Kolar District in Karnataka state of India. It is about 15 miles from Kolar Gold Fields the nearest city. It has an old fort hence the name. It is also the birthplace of Hyder Ali father of Tipu Sultan. This village has a population of roughly 3000 people in 600 families. The main occupation in this village is agriculture though farmers mostly suffer from irregular monsoons.
 Kireçli is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 353 people.
 Owmandan (Persian: اومندان‎ also Romanized as Owmandān Umandan and Ūmandān; also known as Ma‘āf-e Omandān and Omandān) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 345 in 113 families.
 Qarah Zamin (Persian: قره زمين‎ also Romanized as Qarah Zamīn) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 602 in 130 families.
 Barakileh (Persian: بركيله‎ also Romanized as Barakīleh) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Lake Grove is a village in Suffolk County New York United States. The population was 11163 at the 2010 census. The village is located in the town of Brookhaven. The village is officially known as the Incorporated Village of Lake Grove.Lake Grove is a popular commercial area in Suffolk County including stores and attractions such as the Smith Haven Mall Trader Joe's Whole Foods and other large chain stores including DSW.
 Kahurabad-e Sohrabi (Persian: كهورابادسهرابي‎ also Romanized as Kahūrābād-e Sohrābī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 92 families.
 Miljkovica is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 62 people.
 Ivaste is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Żółkiewka [ʐuu̯ˈkʲɛfka] (formerly German Pilgramshain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Nhã Nam is a commune (xã) and village in Tân Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Letsaunggan is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies on the Chindwin River north of Nampagan.
 Naściszowa [naɕt͡ɕiˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Chełmiec 4 km (2 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 163.
 Kocury [kɔˈt͡surɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dobrodzień 11 km (7 mi) south of Olesno and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 140.
 Enrique Carbó is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Domanin [dɔˈmanin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępno within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Kępno and 139 km (86 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Parrikal is a small village about 40 kilometers from Villupuram Tamil Nadu. Parrikal is famous for its ancient temple which houses Shri Lakshmi Narasimha (the fourth Avatar of Vishnu). Lots of Madhva Brahmin families of the Shri Vyasaraja Mutt(Sosale) order owe allegiance to Parrikal Lakshmi Narasimha as their Kula Devata (God being worshiped ancestrally). Lore has it that the idols here are very ancient prathisthapane (installation) dating back to 1500 BC.
 Eslamabad-e Sofla (Persian: اسلام ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Soflá) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 36 families.
 Akçakale is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Qazi Bolaghi (Persian: قاضي بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Qāzī Bolāghī; also known as Kazibaga Qāzībagha Qāẕī Bāghī Qāzī Bāghī and Qāẕī Bolāgh) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 110 families.
 Hajin (Persian: هجين‎ also Romanized as Hajīn and Hejīn; also known as Hechīn) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 154 families.
 Ludgierzowice [ludɡʲɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zawonia 14 km (9 mi) east of Trzebnica and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dziarnowo [d͡ʑarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Płock and 100 km (62 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Vettoor is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Chelesban (Persian: چلسبان‎ also Romanized as Chelesbān and Chalasbān; also known as Chillis Pān) is a village in Alvir Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 557 in 169 families.
 Abdollahabad-e Bala (Persian: عبداله آباد بالا‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād-e Bālā; also known as ‘Abdollāhābād) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District in the Central District of Sorkheh County Semnan Province Iran. According to the 2006 census its population was 34 in 20 families.
 Lay Shokerkuiyeh (Persian: لاي شكركوئيه‎ also Romanized as Lāy Shokerkū’īyeh) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 4 families.
 Ayazabad (Persian: ايازاباد‎ also Romanized as Ayāzābād) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 51 families.
 Tupenurme is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kossaki-Borowe [kɔsˈsaki bɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Alekvere is a village in Laekvere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Wola Sosnowa [ˈvɔla sɔsˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Lubraniec 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 63 km (39 mi) south of Toruń.
 Patolon is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Tomanak-e Sofla (Persian: تمنك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tomanak-e Soflá) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 7 families.
 Baluwatar is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2633 people living in 433 individual households.
 Burçaklar is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Igbomakoro is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Antonin [anˈtɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Burzenin 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Sieradz and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 120.
 Stara Huta [ˈstara ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Kartuzy and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 243.
 Shurbaz-e Olya (Persian: شوربازعليا‎ also Romanized as Shūrbāz-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shūrbāz) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 59 families.
 Budy Budzkie [ˈbudɨ ˈbut͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Thuravikkadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Cheshmeh Sefid-e Rutavand (Persian: چشمه سفيدروتوند‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd-e Rūtavand; also known as Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 9 families.
 Pułankowice [puwaŋkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kraśnik and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Brzohode is a village in the municipality of Žabari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 825 people.
 Venginissery is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Dar Aluiyeh (Persian: درآلوئيه‎ also Romanized as Dar Ālū’īyeh; also known as Dar Ālū) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Reza Nakui Moqdam (Persian: تلمبه رضانكوئي مقدم‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Reẕā Nakū’ī Moqdam) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jastrzębiec [jasˈtʂɛmbjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Borowiec [bɔˈrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlisko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Siedlisko 11 km (7 mi) east of Nowa Sól and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Qatar-e Sofla (Persian: قطارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Qaţār-e Soflá; also known as Qaţār Qeshlāq) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 16 families.
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Szydłów 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Staszów and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 389.
 Gudazran (Persian: گودزران‎ also Romanized as Gūdazrān; also known as Gūdarzān) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 20 families.
 Wewierz [ˈvɛvjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Hadi Gavaber (Persian: هادي گوابر‎ also Romanized as Hādī Gavāber; also known as Hādī Gavāpar) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 38 families.
 Sierniki [ɕerˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Czempiń 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Kościan and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 11 families.
 Długi Bród [ˈdwuɡʲi ˈbrut] (Ukrainian: Мацкевичі Matskevychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Dubicze Cerkiewne 12 km (7 mi) south of Hajnówka and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wejherowo and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Prush is a village in the municipality of Vaqarr in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Yeşilkaraman is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Pawlikowice [pavlikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wieliczka and 20 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1200.
 Tikobra is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Goldasht (Persian: گلدشت‎) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 772 in 202 families.
 Kolagallu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bellary taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Jabłonowo-Wypychy [jabwɔˈnɔvɔ vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Malina Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Mansur Khvajeh (Persian: منصورخواجه‎ also Romanized as Manşūr Khvājeh; also known as Mansoor Khajeh) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Cynków [ˈt͡sɨnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nałęczów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Nałęczów 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Puławy and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mehrab (Persian: محراب‎ also Romanized as Meḩrāb and Mehrāb; also known as Mirab) is a village in Gavrud Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1192 in 265 families.
 Hrženica is a village in Varaždin County Croatia.The village is part of the Sveti Đurđ municipality and had a population of 948 in the 2001 census. It is located in the north-eastern part of Varaždin County near the Drava and Lake Dubrava.The centre of Varaždin the county seat of Varaždin County is located around 22 kilometres from the village. The closest towns include Ludbreg in Varaždin County and Prelog in Međimurje County both of which are located around 6 kilometres from the village.
 Pruszki Wielkie [ˈpruʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Zambrów and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Fairview is a village in Belmont and Guernsey counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is part of the Wheeling West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 83 at the 2010 census.
 Kormi-ye Pain (Persian: كرمي پايين‎ also Romanized as Kormī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Kormī) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 16 families.
 Darbekeh (Persian: دربكه‎ also Romanized as Darbakeh Derbekeh and Derebkeh; also known as Darībekeh Derīkeh and Dripka) is a village in Lahijan Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1493 in 272 families.
 Chegeni-ye Sofla (Persian: چگني سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chegenī-ye Soflá) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 44 families.
 Biameh-ye Sofla (Persian: بيامه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bīāmeh-ye Soflá; also known as Beyāmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 403 in 87 families.
 Župa (Serbian: Жупа) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zaróg [ˈzaruk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Koniecpol 49 km (30 mi) east of Częstochowa and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 98.
 Dhungegadhi is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Tapupere is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Khvordun Kola (Persian: خوردونكلا‎ also Romanized as Khvordūn Kolā and Khowrdūn Kolā) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 649 in 171 families.
 Akramabad-e Kianpur (Persian: اكرم ابادكيانپور‎ also Romanized as Akramābād-e Kīānpūr) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 19 families.
 Dovzhok (Ukrainian: Довжок) is a village (a selo) in the Kamianets-Podilskyi Raion (district) of Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine. The village's population was 4263 as of the 2001 Ukrainian census. Dovzhok was the administrative center of the Dovzhok Raion until December 4 1928 when its center was moved to Kamianets-Podilskyi.
 Mal-e Mahmud (Persian: مال محمود‎ also Romanized as Māl-e Maḩmūd and Māl Maḩmūd) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 718 in 147 families.
 Niemil [ˈɲemil] (German: Niehmen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Oława and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kota Tulsipur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6210 living in 839 individual households.
 Aqduz (Persian: اق دوز‎ also Romanized as Āqdūz; also known as Āghdūz) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 57 families.
 Bugaj [ˈbuɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalwaria Zebrzydowska within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Nagynyárád is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Płonkówko [pwɔŋˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) east of Rojewo 12 km (7 mi) north of Inowrocław 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Toruń and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Seneq (Persian: سنق‎; also known as Senīq) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 58 families.
 Slovinska Kovačica is a village in Croatia.
 Ghyangphedi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2789.
 Nagyhajmás is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Chah-e Falahpur (Persian: چاه فلاح پور‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Falāḥpūr) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 16 families.
 Szaty Wielkie [ˈʂatɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Barciany 6 km (4 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Yettinkeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Rajnovo Brdo is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] (German Schedliske) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dąbrowa and 15 km (9 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Brzóski-Falki [ˈbʐuski ˈfalki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Juy Sefid (Persian: جوي سفيد‎ also Romanized as Jūy Sefīd; also known as Jūb-e Sefīd Jūb Sefīd and Jūk-i-Sefīd) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 83 families.
 Myślec [ˈmɨɕlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stary Sącz 9 km (6 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 140.
 Pilcza Żelichowska [ˈpilt͡ʂa ʐɛliˈxɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Olesno 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Brochów 9 km (6 mi) north of Sochaczew and 50 km (31 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Bregovi (Serbian: Брегови) is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 57 people.
 Trebimlja (Cyrillic: Требимља) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lay-e Bidun (Persian: لاي بيدون‎ also Romanized as Lāy-e Bīdūn and Lāy-ye Bīdūn) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bagh-e Abbas Kazemi (Persian: باغ عباس كاظمي‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e ‘Abbās Kāz̧emī) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tuj (Persian: توج‎ also Romanized as Tūj and Tooj; also known as Tūch) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Jarantowice [jarantɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Immenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kuchary Żydowskie [kuˈxarɨ ʐɨˈdɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sochocin 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Płońsk and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kółko Żabieckie [ˈkuu̯kɔ ʐaˈbjɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pacanów 31 km (19 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.As of March 2009 the village has a population of 538.
 Nowodwory [nɔvɔdˈvɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ciechanowiec 27 km (17 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 160.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 146 families.
 Baba Sheykh Ali (Persian: باباشيخ علي‎ also Romanized as Bābā Sheykh ‘Alī and Bābā Sheykh‘alī; also known as Emāmīyeh) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 51 families.
 Pađene is a village in the Šibenik-Knin County Croatia. The settlement is administered as a part of Ervenik municipality.
 Rzeczna [ˈʐɛt͡ʂna] (German: Weeskenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Pasłęk 14 km (9 mi) east of Elbląg and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 370.
 Valasakkadu is a village in Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India. The village is part of the Peravurani legislative assembly constituency and the Thanjavur Parliamentary Constituency.Occupation:The main occupations of the people in valasakkadu are Farming which included Paddy farm Coconut farm and sugar cane farms.
 Darreh Yab (Persian: دره ياب‎ Sorani Kurdish: دەرە یاو also Romanized as Darreh Yāb) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Jawanroud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 15 families.
 Zakościele [zakɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowłódz within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Inowłódz 16 km (10 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Łaguszew [waˈɡuʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 km (4 mi) north of Łowicz and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kazimierzów [kaʑiˈmjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Regnów 8 km (5 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 160.
 Malo Krčmare (Serbian: Мало Крчмаре) is a village in the municipality of Rača Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 486 people.
 Dalton is a village in Cheyenne County Nebraska United States. The population was 315 at the 2010 census.
 Qaleh-ye Tarvan (Persian: قلعه تاروان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Tarvān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Tanrān Qal‘eh-ye Tarān and Tārvān) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1018 in 189 families.
 Tammevaldma is a village in Mäksa Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Ušivac (Serbian: Ушивац) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sowmeeh-ye Haq (Persian: صومعه حق‎ also Romanized as Şowme‘eh-ye Ḩaq; also known as Şowma‘eh-ye Malekshāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 27 families.
 Dulab-e Talkh (Persian: دولاب تلخ‎ also Romanized as Dūlāb-e Talkh; also known as Dūlāb) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 17 families.
 Suranagi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Shirhatti taluk of Gadag district in Karnataka.praveen Kalasadmath
 Avan (Persian: اوان‎ also Romanized as Āvān and Ovan) is a village in Jushin Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 96 families.
 Wieruszyce [vjɛruˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łapanów 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kuźnica Zagrzebska [kuʑˈnit͡sa zaˈɡʐɛpska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Klonowa 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sarun Mahalleh (Persian: سرون محله‎ also Romanized as Sarūn Maḩalleh) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 32 families.
 Przyborzyce [pʂɨbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bytów and 78 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 28.
 Kotowice [kɔtɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęcław within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) east of Pęcław 18 km (11 mi) east of Głogów and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Khakestar (Persian: خاكستر‎ also Romanized as Khākestar; also known as Rībāt-i-Khākistar) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brzozówka-Kolonia [bʐɔˈzufka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szastarka within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Wardyń Górny [ˈvardɨɲ ˈɡurnɨ] (formerly German Hohenwardin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Połczyn-Zdrój 17 km (11 mi) east of Świdwin and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Hellandsjøen is a village in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located near the Trondheimsleia and the Hemnfjorden about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) west of the village of Heim and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north of the municipal center of Kyrksæterøra.
 Chwytowo [xfɨˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Esfand (Persian: اسفند‎) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 15 families.
 Rwankona is a village in the Commune of Bururi in Bururi Province in southern Burundi. It is located just to the northwest of Buta.
 Kati Sar (Persian: كتي سر‎ also Romanized as Katī Sar) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 55 families.
 Szyleny [ʂɨˈlɛnɨ] (German: Schillgehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Zamin Konar (Persian: زمين كنار‎ also Romanized as Zamīn Konār) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Mian Mahalleh (Persian: ميان محله‎ also Romanized as Mīān Maḩalleh) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 57 families.
 Tomzardan (Persian: تم زردان‎ also Romanized as Tomzardān) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 58 families.
 Mamatin-e Sofla (Persian: ماماتين سفلي‎ also Romanized as Māmātīn-e Soflá; also known as Māmātain Māmātain-e Pā’īn Māmātayn-e Pā’īn Māmātīn Māmā Tīn-e Pā’īn and Mamatīnī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 32 families.
 Valik-e Olya (Persian: وليك عليا‎ also Romanized as Valīk-e ‘Olyā; also known as Valīk-e Bālā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 628 in 178 families.
 Kadambur is a panchayat town in Kovilpatti taluk of the Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The temples in and around Kadambur portray the authentic Chola art and architecture.
 Dehnowiyeh (Persian: دهنوئيه‎ also Romanized as Dehnow’īyeh; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 21 families.
 Qumi (Persian: قومي‎ also Romanized as Qūmī) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 26 families.
 Kumbhar Falia or Kumbhar Faliya is a small village of the Navsari district Gujarat India.
 Mantesh (Persian: منتش‎ also Romanized as Mantash) is a village in Lak Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.Mantesh actually incidentally a Sanskrit - Mahaan (Greatest) + Esha (Lord) meaning Greatest Lord. The existence of the name Mantesh in Iran proves that the hindu culture and tradition (100bc) was wide spread upto greater Iran and whole of peninsular region.
 Baleqlu (Persian: بالقلو‎ also Romanized as Bāleqlū) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Churmaq (Persian: چورمق‎ also Romanized as Chūrmaq; also known as Choormagh Mehraban) is a village in Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District Gol Tappeh District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 79 families.
 Qaleh Now (Persian: قلعه نو‎ also Romanized as Qal`eh Now; also known as Qal‘eh Now-e Hāshemābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Śledziówka Mała [ɕlɛˈd͡ʑufka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Stary Targ 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Sztum and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Lutkówka-Kolonia [lutˈkufka kɔˈlɔɲja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Takht-e Sofla (Persian: تخت سفلي‎ also Romanized as Takht-e Soflá; also known as Takht and Takht-e Pā’īn) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 15 families.
 Gaj [ɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Žbandaj is a village in Croatia.
 Isabella is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County on the island of Hiiumaa Estonia.
 Głęboczek [ɡwɛmˈbɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village and sołectwo in Gmina Murowana Goślina Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in western Poland. It is situated beside a small lake on the Trojanka stream within the Puszcza Zielonka forest and landscape park.
 Zielony Kąt [ʑeˈlɔnɨ ˈkɔnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Ryki and 55 km (34 mi) northwest of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kortabad (Persian: كرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Kortābād and Kartābād) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 43 families.
 Abgarm (Persian: ابگرم‎ also Romanized as Ābgarm; also known as Āb Garm-e Bozorg) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 18 families.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Kuvehi (Persian: كووه اي‎ also Romanized as Kūveh’ī; also known as Kovā’ī Kovāy Kowey Kūbeh’ī Kūveh and Kūve’ī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3422 in 716 families.
 Szwejki Małe [ˈʂfɛi̯ki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Biała Rawska 17 km (11 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lih Khani (Persian: ليه خاني‎ also Romanized as Līh Khānī) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Parsohiya is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2952 people living in 466 individual households.
 The Incorporated Village of Massapequa Park is a village located within the town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County New York USA. The population was 17008 at the 2010 census.
 Zarrin Jub (Persian: زرين جوب‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Jūb; also known as Zarrīn Chūb Zarrīn-e Jonūbī Zarrin Janūbi and Zarrīn Jū) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Dalno [ˈdalnɔ] (German: Lindenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.For several centuries prior to 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 480.
 Yahşibey is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province Turkey. It is 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) east of the Aegean Sea coast and it is almost merged to Bademli. The population of the Yahşibey is 239 as of 2011.
 Bukowa Śląska [buˈkɔva ˈɕlɔ̃ska] (German Buchelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Namysłów and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hariharpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3744 people living in 640 individual households.
 Veliko Krčevo is a village in Croatia.
 Borzęcin [bɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Gorzkowice 27 km (17 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lubieszynek Drugi [lubjɛˈʂɨnɛk ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 240.
 Dastgerd (Persian: دستگرد‎) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 11 families.
 Karamabad (Persian: کرم آباد‎ also Romanized as Karamābād) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 34 families.
 Darshen is a village in the municipality of Dajt in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 108 families.
 Mierniki [mjɛrˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gołymin-Ośrodek 16 km (10 mi) east of Ciechanów and 73 km (45 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kalagh Neshin (Persian: كلاغ نشين‎ also Romanized as Kalāgh Neshīn) is a village in Saruq Rural District Saruq District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 70 families.
 Chelmen Sang-e Sofla (Persian: چهل من سنگ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chelmen Sang-e Soflá; also known as Chelmen Sang-e Pā’īn Chelmeh Sang-e Soflá and Cholmeh Sang) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 857 in 175 families.
 Qareh Tappeh (Persian: قره تپه‎; also known as Lak Lāk-e ‘Olyā Lāk-e Soflá Līyek Qara Tepe Qareh Tappeh ‘Olya va Soflā Qareh Tappeh-ye Bālā Qareh Tappeh-ye ‘Olyā va Soflá and Qareh Tappeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Guney-ye Gharbi Rural District Tasuj District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1768 in 496 families.
 Liniewko [liˈɲefkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tczew and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Deh-e Shir-e Sofla (Persian: ده شير سفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Shīr-e Soflá and Deh Shīr-e Soflá; also known as Ardh-i-Shīr Dehshīr Deh Shīr-e Pā’īn Dehshīr-e Soflá Deshīr Pā’īn Deshīr Soflā and Karagez) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 20 families.
 Robat (Persian: رباط‎ also Romanized as Robāţ; also known as Ribāt) is a village in Khararud Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 16 families.
 Yoar (Persian: يعار‎ also Romanized as Yo‘ār and Ya‘ār; also known as Ya‘ād) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 23 families.
 Potok Biały [ˈpɔtɔk ˈbjawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Słubice 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Płock and 74 km (46 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Wielowieś [vjɛˈlɔvjɛɕ] (German: Bielwiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Ścinawa 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Lubin and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Oosterwolde (West Frisian: Easterwâlde) is a village consisting of about 10.000 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
 Ahmadabad-e Qaranateh (Persian: احمدابادقرانطه‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Qārānaṭeh; also known as Aḩmadābād Aḩmadābād-e Qārānatī and Āḩmadābād-e Qārāntī) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yevdokimovka is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Lachin (Persian: لاچين‎ also Romanized as Lāchīn) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 12 families.
 Karbala (Persian: كربلا‎ also Romanized as Karbalā) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 46 families.
 Deh Now-ye Barez (Persian: ده نوبارز‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-ye Bārez) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 931 in 176 families.
 Ali Abdal (Persian: علي عبدال‎ also Romanized as ʿAlī ʿAbdāl) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Potoczek [pɔˈtɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Potok Wielki 15 km (9 mi) west of Janów Lubelski and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Obeyyat (Persian: عبيات‎ also Romanized as ‘Obeyyāt; also known as ‘Obeyd) is a village in Bostan Rural District Bostan District Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 27 families.
 Saikla is a village in Orissaare Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Szyk [ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłownik within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Jodłownik 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Szachowo [ʂaˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Błonie [ˈbwɔɲe] (German: Blankfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Skąpe 15 km (9 mi) west of Świebodzin 32 km (20 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 60 km (37 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 79.
 Qalandari (Persian: قلندري‎ also Romanized as Qalandarī) is a village in Asiab Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 31 families.
 Bhadrapur is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2474 people living in 430 individual households.
 Sherewad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Vinicka is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 474 people.
 Myszęcin [mɨˈʂɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczaniec within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Szczaniec 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Świebodzin 40 km (25 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 632.
 Bala Tanu Rud (Persian: بالاتنورود‎ also Romanized as Bālā Tanū Rūd; also known as Tanū Rūd) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żeliszewo [ʐɛliˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Recz 11 km (7 mi) east of Choszczno and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pavličina is a village in the municipality of Crna Trava Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 40 people.
 Wielkie Walichnowy [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ valixˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Gniew 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Tczew and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 554.
 Halwar is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8182 persons living in 1339 individual households.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 17 families.
 Savarabad (Persian: سواراباد‎ also Romanized as Savārābād; also known as Savārābād-e Gūt-e Kalāt) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 5 families.
 38 Kalthur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Udupi taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Brody [ˈbrɔdɨ] (Lower Sorbian: Brody[citation needed] German: Pförten) is a village in Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brody. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) north-west of Żary and 53 km (33 mi) west of Zielona Góra.
 Wieszkowo [vjɛʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Krzywiń 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Kościan and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nargesi (Persian: نرگسي‎ also Romanized as Nargesī) is a village in Nabovat Rural District in the Central District of Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 19 families.
 Korugan (Persian: كروگان‎ also Romanized as Korūgān; also known as Korūkān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Prawy Las [ˈpravɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przerośl 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 133 km (83 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Miedzichowo [mjɛd͡ʑiˈxɔvɔ] (German: Kupferhammer) is a village in Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Miedzichowo. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 471.
 Ramapuram is a census village in Nellore district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Its original name (with diacritics) is Rāmāpuram.
 Biaraq (Persian: بيعرق‎ also Romanized as Bī‘araq; also known as Bī‘areh) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Banar Kabutaran (Persian: بناركبوتران‎ also Romanized as Banār Kabūtarān; also known as Banār Kamūtarān) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 5 families.
 Vlaški Do is a village in the municipality of Žabari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1310 people.
 Olchowiec [ɔlˈxɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Aalkist) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Drawsko Pomorskie and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Chempazhanthy is a village in the suburbs of Thiruvananthapuram City the capital of Kerala state in India which lies about 7 km north. Chempazhanthy became notable after the birth of Sree Narayana Guru. There was a small hut called Vayalvaaram where Sree Narayana Guru was born in the Malayalam Era year 1032 in the Malayalam month of 'Chingam' under the star 'Chathayam' (August 1856 AD) . His father was Maadan (Maadan Aasan). His mother was Kuttiamma.
 Başören is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Zaviyeh Hajjian (Persian: زاويه حاجيان‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Ḩājjīān and Zāveyeh Ḩājeyān; also known as Konārī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 57 families.
 Neysakabad (Persian: نيسك اباد‎ also Romanized as Neysakābād) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 19 families.
 Kulpin (Serbian Cyrillic: Кулпин; Slovak: Kulpín) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bački Petrovac municipality in the South Bačka District Vojvodina province. According to the 2002 census the population of the village numbering 2976 people of whom 2116 are ethnic Slovaks.
 Shahrabad (Persian: شهراباد‎ also Romanized as Shahrābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dolný Bar (Hungarian: Albár Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈɒlbaːr]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Xireg is a village in Ulan District in Qinghai province China. The village is located in a fertile valley. Wulan Railway Station and the G315 highway connects the village to other parts of China.
 Żukówka [ʐuˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Selja Saare County is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Galu Salar (Persian: گلوسالار‎ also Romanized as Galū Sālār and Golūsālār; also known as Gulu Sālār and Kalū Sālār) is a village in Khenaman Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 46 families.
 Weyerhaeuser is a village in Rusk County Wisconsin United States. The population was 238 at the 2010 census.
 Sivapuram is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Pattikkad is a small village near Perinthalmanna in Malappuram district of Kerala in southwestern India. It is situated at about 5 km from Perinthalmanna in the Perinthalmanna-Nilambur road. The railway station is on the Shoranur-Nilambur Railway Line. There are two Arabic colleges.
 Jameh Shuran (Persian: جامه شوران‎ also Romanized as Jāmeh Shūrān; also known as Jamaishūrāu and Jameh Shūrā’ū) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 77 families.
 Gurit (Persian: گوريت‎ also Romanized as Gūrīt and Gūryat; also known as Goorkat and Gūrkat) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Kwaszenina [kfaʂɛˈɲina] (Ukrainian: Квасинина Kvasynyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland near the border with the Ukraine. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Ustrzyki Dolne and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Badalkot is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2031 people living in 377 individual households.
 East Nassau is a village in Rensselaer County New York United States. The population was 587 at the 2010 census.The Village of East Nassau is in the east part of the town of Nassau along the Town of Stephentown border by Routes 20 and 66.
 Bagi Hanz (Persian: بگي هنز‎ also Romanized as Bagī Hanz; also known as Bagī Hans) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 17 families.
 Rend (Persian: رند‎) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 101 families.
 Zarrin Derakht (Persian: زرين درخت‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Derakht) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 81 families.
 Paprocina [paprɔˈt͡ɕina] (German: Papperten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Górowo Iławeckie 24 km (15 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Grąbków [ˈɡrɔmpkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Malanów 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Turek and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 586.
 Shtish-Tufinë is a village in the municipality of Dajt in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Lowville /ˈlaʊvɪl/ is a small village in Lewis County New York United States. The village is nestled in the Black River Valley between the foothills of the Adirondack Mountains and the Tug Hill Plateau in an area often referred to as the North Country. It is located in the center of Lewis County in the southeastern part of the similarly named Town of Lowville.Lowville is the county seat of Lewis County.
 Liiva Pihtla Parish is a village in Pihtla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Qeshlaq-e Melli Hajji Hamat (Persian: قشلاق ملي حاجي همت‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Mellī Ḩājjī Hamat) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Maréna Diombougou often simply Maréna is a village and commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. In 2009 the commune had a population of 14905.
 Liavol-e Olya (Persian: لياول عليا‎ also Romanized as Līāvol-e ‘Olyā and Liyavol Olya; also known as Līāvā Bālā Liavalbala Līāvol Bālā Līāvol-e Bālā and Liāwalbāla) is a village in Dolfak Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 92 families.
 Cybulice Duże [t͡sɨbuˈlit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Czosnów 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kuusemäe is a village in Anija Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 3.5 km (2 mi) north of the town of Kehra on the left bank of the Jägala River. Kuusemäe has a population of 17 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Křenek (Prague-East District) is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tonzi is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.Tonzi has a history of gold mining.
 Nazareno (Salta) is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Aşağıkışlak is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 47 people.
 Sheyun (Persian: شيون‎ also Romanized as Sheyūn) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 9 families.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowie within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sadowie 10 km (6 mi) west of Opatów and 49 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Konar-e Torsh (Persian: كنارترش‎ also Romanized as Konār-e Torsh) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1798 in 317 families.
 Solpathana is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1999 people living in 324 individual households.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Oborniki and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mehregan (Persian: مهرگان‎ also Romanized as Mehregān) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 45 families.
 Ociesęki [ɔt͡ɕɛˈsɛŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Raków and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 406.
 Kalateh-ye Reza (Persian: كلاته رضا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Reẕā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Bachchehhā Kalāteh and Kalāteh-ye Karbalā’ī-ye Ḩoseynī) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 38 families.
 Anjanapuram (Telugu : అంజనాపురం) is a biggest village in Enkoor mandal. Jannaram is also a major Panchayat in Enkoor mandal with an area of 20.88 sq km four 3 miles from Enkoor(town). Jannaram boasts a long and vibrant history with diversified people casts religions traditions and historic merits. This village has originated on the Northern side of the river Wyra surrounded by a mini reservoir in the northeastern side and hills on its eastern side.
 Zambar (Persian: زمبر‎) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 21 families.
 Jasne Pole [ˈjasnɛ ˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Krotoszyn and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 270.
 Kuzucubelen is a village in Mersin Province Turkey. It is a part of Mezitli district which is an intracity district of Greater Mersin. It is situated in the Toros Mountains. At 36°50′N 34°26′E the distance to Mersin is 28 kilometres (17 mi). The population is 508 as of 2011. Kuzucubelen residents are of Turkmen origin and they are known as Tahtaci. Main economic activity is farming. Plum peach and variosus fruits as well as hickory nut are the crops.
 Shahbaz Bek (Persian: شهبازبك‎ also Romanized as Shahbāz Bek Shahbāz Beg and Shahbāz Beyg) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 59 families.
 Pielaki [pjɛˈlaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Uchanie 22 km (14 mi) west of Hrubieszów and 83 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pijevac is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Sypniewo 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 83 km (52 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Rabiany [raˈbjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) west of Węgrów and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 275.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babice within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Babice 7 km (4 mi) south of Chrzanów and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2963.
 Gashkaseh (Persian: گشكسه‎; also known as Kashkaseh) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 36 families.
 Quzhd (Persian: قوژد‎ also Romanized as Qūzhd) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4024 in 1087 families.
 Shiru Kandi (Persian: شيروكندي‎ also Romanized as Shīrū Kandī; also known as Sherekand and Shere-Kendy) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 22 families.
 Tuszyny [tuˈʂɨnɨ] (German: Tuschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Świekatowo 19 km (12 mi) west of Świecie and 35 km (22 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Govindhampalayam is a village in Karur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu situated on the banks of Cauvery.
 Domaszkowice [dɔmaʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Nysa and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Silesia (Schlesien) Germany and was known as the town of Ritterswalde (Kreis Neisse) (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 633.
 Cherik (Persian: چريك‎ also Romanized as Cherrīk Charrīk and Cherak) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 58 families.
 Koçumlar is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 249 people.
 Kulichapattu is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Mallapuram is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Łagiewniki [waɡʲɛvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Dhani Poonia or Poonia Ki Dhani (ढाणी पूनियां) is a village in Taranagar tehsil of Churu district in Rajasthan.
 Itacaruaré is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Motyczyn [mɔˈtɨt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Zielęcice [ʑɛlɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Maki (Persian: مكي‎ also Romanized as Makī) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 Nowe Polichno [ˈnɔvɛ pɔˈlixnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Santok within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Santok and 15 km (9 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ksawerów [ksaˈvɛruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Kalisz and 121 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Hesar-e Tarmani (Persian: حصارترمني‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Tarmanī; also known as Ḩeşār-e Qareh Ḩasanlū) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Konopiska [kɔnɔˈpiska] is a village in Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Konopiska. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Częstochowa and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2901.
 Straumshamn is a village in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located at the southern end of the Kilsfjorden branch of the Voldsfjorden. The Bjørkedalen valley runs south from Straumshamn cutting between the Sunnmørsalpene mountains. The village of Folkestad lies about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the northwest and the village of Fyrde lies about 20 kilometres (12 mi) to the east. Kilsfjord Church is located in Straumshamn.
 Hakavan (Persian: هكوان‎ also Romanized as Hakavān Hakvān and Hakwan) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 678 in 138 families.
 Chojny [ˈxɔi̯nɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Koło and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 350.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولتاباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Fahraj Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 21 families.
 Akdere is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dharapani is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2830 persons living in 535 individual households.
 Otręba [ɔˈtrɛmba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 80 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Totoral del Sauce is a village or populated centre in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.
 Magpa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2238.
 Margan-e Azizabad (Persian: مرگن عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as Margan-e ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 696 in 154 families.
 Szczekarków [ʂt͡ʂɛˈkarkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Lubartów and 20 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qameshkan-e Olya (Persian: قمشكان عليا‎ also Romanized as Qameshkān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qameshgān-e Bālā and Qamīshgān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 8 families.
 Crveni Grad is a village in the municipality of Trgovište in southeastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 149 people.
 Upadły [uˈpadwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Golczewo 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Chikkoppa K.M. is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Ab Garm-e Bala (Persian: اب گرم بالا‎ also Romanized as Āb Garm-e Bālā; also knolwn as Āb-e Garm Ābgarm and Āb-i-Garm) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 8 families.
 Thekkekara is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Bandarabad (Persian: بندراباد‎ also Romanized as Bandarābād) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 7 families.
 Drażniew [ˈdraʐɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Korczew 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 117 km (73 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Yengejeh (Persian: ينگجه‎ also Romanized as Yangidzha Yangijeh and Yengeyeh) is a village in Narjeh Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hellissandur is a village and part of the Snæfellsbær municipality at the north-western tip of Snæfellsnes peninsula in western Iceland.Once an important fishing area the village has experienced growth in tourism. The maritime museum has examples of the turf-roof houses once common across Iceland as well as marine engines and Iceland's oldest rowing boat (1826).
 Sandfirden (West Frisian: Sânfurd) is a small village in Wymbritseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 19 citizens (2006).
 Koty-Rybno [ˈkɔtɨ ˈrɨbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pawlikowice [pavlikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Chojnów 13 km (8 mi) west of Legnica and 75 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mali Gradac is a village in Croatia.
 Pareh Aleh (Persian: پاره اله‎ also Romanized as Pāreh Āleh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 17 families.
 Thalpunoor is a small village located 12 km south west of Nagarkurnool Gopalpet Mandal and Mahbubnagar district situated in between 16.406' degrees northern longitude and 78.242' eastern latitude.
 Lisi (Persian: ليسي‎ also Romanized as Līsī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Charkhestan (Persian: چرخستان‎ also Romanized as Charkhestān and Charkhistān) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 52 families.
 South Vienna is a village in Clark County Ohio United States. The population was 384 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.The South Vienna Corn Festival is well known throughout the area and is held on the weekend after Labor Day. The village also has the distinction of having Permit #1 issued by the State of Ohio for traffic lights. Toni Keller is the current mayor.
 Cham Hesar (Persian: چم حصار‎ also Romanized as Cham Ḩeşār; also known as Cham Ḩeşār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 21 families.
 Savaj Bolagh (Persian: ساوجبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Sāvaj Bolāgh) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chahar Marzun (Persian: چهارمرزون‎ also Romanized as Chahār Marzūn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 4 families.
 Mohammad Hoseyn Barani (Persian: محمدحسين باراني‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Ḩoseyn Bārānī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 56 families.
 Tkaczew [ˈtkat͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Ozorków 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 10.
 Odžak (Serbian: Оџак) is a village in the municipality of Kupres Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kandha (Persian: كندها‎ also Romanized as Kandhā and Kandehā; also known as Gandāb Kendāb and Qandāb) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 Devin (Persian: دوين‎ also Romanized as Devīn) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 90 families.
 Yellice Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 127 people.
 Theriruveli is a village which belongs to the Muthukulathur Legislative Constituency in Ramanathapuram district of Tamil Nadu state in southern India.
 Odra [ˈɔdra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Gierczyce [ɡʲɛrˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bochnia and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Skalice (Hradec Králové District) is a village and municipality in Hradec Králové District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rekun (Persian: ركون‎ also Romanized as Rekūn) is a village in Pazevar Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 49 families.
 Kul Papa (Persian: كول پاپا‎ also Romanized as Kūl Pāpā; also known as Kūl Bābā) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 24 families.
 Ananthavarappadu is a village located in Vatticherukuru mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Ortaköy is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is at 36°41′N 33°25′E on the state highway D.715 . The distance to Mut is 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) and to Mersin is 165 kilometres (103 mi). Population of Ortaköy is 228 as of 2011. Main economic activity is agriculture.
 Badumiyeh (Persian: بادوميه‎ also Romanized as Bādūmīyeh) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 7 families.
 Milejowiec [milɛˈjɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Rozprza 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Küçükçıldırım is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Bagh-e Baghuiyeh (Persian: بغبغوئيه‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bāghū’īyeh and Bāgh Bāghū’īyeh; also known as Bāgh-e Bāghū and Baqbūqīyeh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Govindapuram is a village in Pusapatirega mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh India at distance of 30 km from Vizianagaram town. The magnificent temple here is renowned for its sculptural beauty and is based on the essence of BhagawatGita. Gyana Ratham with Lord Krishan on the chariot is an impeessive image which enthralls the visitors. It is very near to chintapalli of vizianagaram district.
 Ashireh Sar (Persian: عشيره سر‎ also Romanized as ʿAshīreh Sar) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 26 families.
 Kord Neshin (Persian: كردنشين‎ also Romanized as Kord Neshīn; also known as Kord Eshin Kord Īshīn Kūrdashī and Kyurdashin) is a village in Gowharan Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 129 families.
 Piergozy [pʲɛrˈɡɔzɨ] (German: Perguschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Pokojewo [pɔkɔˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Opinogóra Górna 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 81 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Siverić is a village in Croatia.
 Ahu (Persian: اهو‎ also Romanized as Āhū) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 21 families.
 Karmaini Khurd is a small village in north-east India. It is about 8 km (5 mi) away from Bikramganj 45 km (28 mi) away from Sasaram headquarters of Rohtas District and 4 km (2 mi) away from Natwar. The population of the village is about 1500. The workers are very skilled in their respective areas. Most of the people are educated and work on their farm to grow paddy and wheat. The village has become a role model of hard working people in the region.
 Chiran (Persian: چيران‎ also Romanized as Chīrān) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1204 in 283 families.
 Boboliczki [bɔbɔˈlit͡ʂki] (German Neu Bublitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bobolice 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 147 km (91 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Hasham-e Howdow (Persian: حشم حودو‎ also Romanized as Ḩasham-e Ḩowdow) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 28 families.
 Kuźniczka [kuʑˈnit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnicowice within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Maleševo is a village in the municipality of Golubac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 291 people.
 Korch (Persian: كرچ‎) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Güneri is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Majdan [ˈmai̯dan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tang-e Qaf (Persian: تنگ قاف‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Qāf) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Hammondsport is a village in Steuben County New York United States. The population was 731 at the 2000 census. The village is named after its founding father.The Village of Hammondsport is in the Town of Urbana and is northeast of Bath New York.
 Naserabad (Persian: ناصر اباد‎ also Romanized as Nāşerābād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1205 in 265 families.
 Kaasiku is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Wola Cieklińska [ˈvɔla t͡ɕeˈklʲiɲska] (Ukrainian: Воля Цеклинська Volia Tseklyns’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dębowiec 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Jasło and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kalateh-ye Zanganeh (Persian: كلاته زنگنه‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Zanganeh) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 829 in 165 families.
 Browina [brɔˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Chełmża and 14 km (9 mi) north of Toruń.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] (German: Werder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Linia 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 310.
 Wolica Kozia [vɔˈlit͡sa ˈkɔʑa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ampil Tuk is a village on the Tonle Sap River in Kampong Chhnang Province Cambodia. It lies to the southeast of Kampong Chhnang City and northeast of Oudoum. The village shape is narrow and largely confined to the banks of the river. Ampil Tuk was bombed 8 times in 1973 twice by B-52s four times by jets and twice by Lon Nol's T-28s. Ampil Tuk is probably best known for its eight-armed Maitreya bronze statue from Wat Ampil Tuk.
 Kalateh-ye Gazbalaki (Persian: كلاته گزبلكي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Gazbalaḵī) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Czarnowo-Dąb [t͡ʂarˈnɔvɔ ˈdɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kołaki Kościelne 8 km (5 mi) east of Zambrów and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Çimşit is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mazraeh-ye Ali Shafi (Persian: مزرعه علي شفيع‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Alī Shafī‘ and Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Alīshafī‘; also known as ‘Alī Shafī‘) is a village in Nadushan Rural District Khezrabad District Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Katak-e Olya (Persian: كتك عليا‎ also Romanized as Katak-e ‘Olyā and Kotok-e ‘Olyā; also known as Katak-e Bālā and Kotok) is a village in Gandoman Rural District Gandoman District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 18 families.
 Strużnica [struʐˈnit͡sa] (German: Neu Fischbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Jelenia Góra and 89 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kamplikop is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kraczewice Prywatne [krat͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ prɨˈvatnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 1000.
 Cielimowo [t͡ɕeliˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Niechanowo 6 km (4 mi) south of Gniezno and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Khalili (Persian: خليلي‎ also Romanized as Khalīlī) is a village in Fadagh Rural District in the Central District of Gerash County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1438 in 264 families.
 Tazehabad-e Chaf (Persian: تازه ابادچاف‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Chāf; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Chaf Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 142 families.
 Stare Lewkowo [ˈstarɛ lɛfˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus on the river Narewka. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Narewka 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 450.
 Yaylacık is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Niebrzydowo Wielkie [ɲɛbʐɨˈdɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Morąg 30 km (19 mi) north of Ostróda and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Chukovo Gabrovo Province is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Ayvat is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Pisté is a village in the municipality of Tinum in the center of the Yucatán state Mexico. It is best known for the Mayan archaeological site Chichen Itza and the cenote Ik Kil. Federal Highway 180 connects Pisté to Valladolid about 40 kilometres (25 mi) away and Mérida the capital of Yucatán about 111 kilometres (69 mi) away. There are a variety of hotels serving the tourist sites.
 Kohneh Lu (Persian: كهنه لو‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Lū and Kohnehlū; also known as Chakhnali) is a village in Sina Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 521 in 104 families.
 Shabanlu (Persian: شعبانلو‎ also Romanized as Sha‘bānlū) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Shomali Rural District Marhemetabad District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1473 in 338 families.
 Jastrzębiec [jasˈtʂɛmbjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Więcbork 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Bieniowce-Kolonia [bjɛˈɲɔft͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Urisići (Serbian: Урисићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kłobuczyno [kwɔbuˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kościerzyna and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 490.
 N'Kourala is a village and seat of the commune of Kapolondougou in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village lies 50 km west of Sikasso on the main road the RN7 linking Sikasso and Bougouni.
 Kalina is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Sulab (Persian: سولاب‎ also Romanized as Sūlāb) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5 in 4 families.
 Tang-e Pari Olya (Persian: تنگپري عليا‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Parī ʿOlyā; also known as Tang-e Parī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 29 families.
 Jablanica is a village in the municipality of Čajetina western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of924 people.
 Rostkowo-Orszymowice [rɔstˈkɔvɔ ɔrʂɨmɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Białogórzyno [bjawɔɡuˈʐɨnɔ] (German: Bulgrin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Białogard and 123 km (76 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Konradówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Szágy is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Łubnica [wubˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Piątek 15 km (9 mi) east of Łęczyca and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Turowo [tuˈrɔvɔ] (German: Turnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Żuławki Książęce [ʐuˈwafki kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Bieliny [bjɛˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kapıkaya is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Winneweer is a small village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located on the border of the municipalities Ten Boer and Loppersum.
 Kolnadu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Ośniki [ɔɕˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Xaverov is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Czyżew [ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sanniki 27 km (17 mi) east of Gostynin and 81 km (50 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Janowica [janɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Chełm and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 170.
 Pilichówko [piliˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) east of Płock and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Bażany [baˈʐanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Kluczbork and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Zagrodno [zaˈɡrɔdnɔ] (German: Adelsdorf) is a village in Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Zagrodno. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Złotoryja and 83 kilometres (52 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Maberiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Shingel (Persian: شينگل‎ also Romanized as Shīngel Shangel Shangīl and Shengīl) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 97 families.
 Taszewko [taˈʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jeżewo 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Świecie 51 km (32 mi) north of Toruń and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 132.
 Szamoty [ʂaˈmɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Szamocin 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Chodzież and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bhoor is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3965 living in 712 individual households.
 Shubert is a village in Richardson County Nebraska United States. The population was 150 at the 2010 census.
 Meleh Galeh (Persian: مله گاله‎ also Romanized as Meleh Gāleh and Moleh Gāleh; also known as Meleh Gāleh-ye Jadīd and Mol-e Gāleh) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 36 families.
 Tutachu (Persian: توتچو‎ also Romanized as Tūtachū; also known as Tūtachū’īyeh) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cheshmeh Amiri (Persian: چشمه اميري‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Amīrī and Cheshmeh-ye Amīrī) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 48 families.
 Kapargah-e Aqa Hoseyn (Persian: كپرگه اقاحسين‎ also Romanized as Kapargāh-e Āqā Ḩoseyn) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 24 families.
 Yukarıkocayatak is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Baheda Bala is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6055.
 Shah Godar-e Sofla (Persian: شاه گدارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Godār-e Soflá; also known as Shāh Godār Shah Gozar and Shāh Gudār) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 26 families.
 Howz Gel (Persian: حوض گل‎ also Romanized as Ḩowẕ Gel) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 6 families.
 Chal Suz (Persian: چال سوز‎ also Romanized as Chāl Sūz; also known as Chāl Sabz and Chālsabz) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 8 families.
 Sikory [ɕiˈkɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mońki and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 44 families.
 Unieck [ˈuɲet͡sk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Raciąż 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kalab-e Sofla (Persian: كلاب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kalāb-e Soflá) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 8 families.
 Charchów Księży [ˈxarxuf ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zadzim 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Marksa is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of Pärnu Bay (part of the Gulf of Riga). It has a population of 93 (as of 1 January 2011).Lindi Nature Reserve with Lindi bog is located just northwest of Marksa in Kõpu.
 Sannati or Sannathi is a small village located on the banks of the Bhima River in Chitapur taluk of Gulbarga District of Northern Karnataka. It is famous for the Chandrala Parameshwari Temple and the excavations by the Archaeological Survey of India in the 1986.
 Derangu (Persian: درانگو‎ also Romanized as Derangū and Drāngow; also known as Drango) is a village in Kahir Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 44 families.
 Shahid (Persian: شهيد‎ also Romanized as Shahīd; also known as Shabīd and Shāhed) is a village in Dehram Rural District Dehram District Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 71 families.
 Laski Bruskie [ˈlaski ˈbruskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stary Brus 21 km (13 mi) west of Włodawa and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 37.
 Deh Morgh (Persian: ده مرغ‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Morgh and Deh Margh; also known as Deh Marg) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 13 families.
 Sang Bari-ye Fars (Persian: سنگ بري فارس‎ also Romanized as Sang Barī-ye Fārs) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kesaria is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Abgun (Persian: آبگون‎ also Romanized as Ābgūn) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Trzykosy [tʂɨˈkɔsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Koprzywnica 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 260.
 Tolombeh-ye Hamzeh (Persian: تلمبه حمزه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩamzeh) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 14 families.
 Ahmadabad-e Mosaddeq (Persian: احمدابادمصدق‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Moşaddeq; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Kāshānī and Aḩmadābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1401 in 358 families.It is nearly 10 km south of Abyek. The Iranian politician Mohammad Mosaddegh spent his older days there in exile and is buried under his dining room.
 Kwiatkowo [kfjatˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Efoetsy is a village in Betioky Sud District in southwest Madagascar. It is connected by road to Ankiririsa in the northwest and Toliara which is about 58 kilometres to the northwest. It lies just west of the northwestern bank of the Lake Tsimanampetsotsa. Behazomby lies to the south of the village.
 Qareh Tappeh Railway Station (Persian: ايستگاه راه اهن قره تپه‎ – Īstgāh-e Rāh Āhan-e Qareh Tappeh) is a village and railway station in Koreh Soni Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 26 families.
 Hicksville is a village in Defiance County Ohio United States. The population was 3581 at the 2010 census.
 Popiel [ˈpɔpʲɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Piszczac 23 km (14 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 160.
 Jezero is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 310 people.
 Sezemče is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 250 people.
 Dębe-Kolonia [ˈdɛmbɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Khalilabad (Persian: خليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Khalīlābād) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Abgurandan (Persian: اب گوراندان‎ also Romanized as Ābgūrāndān; also known as Āb Charīān and Lāgū-ye Charīān) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 63 families.
 Desimirovac (Serbian: Десимировац) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1401 people.
 Wilsonville is a village in Furnas County Nebraska United States. The population was 93 at the 2010 census.
 Sharafabad (Persian: شرف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharafābād; also known as Sharafa Sharafeh and Sharehfeh) is a village in Sina Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 140 families.
 Gorgan (Persian: گرگان‎ also Romanized as Gorgān) is a village in Razavar Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 508 in 108 families.
 Sydół [ˈsɨduu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Zwoleń and 106 km (66 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Safdar (Persian: صفدر‎ also Romanized as Şafdar) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 13 families.
 Raziabad (Persian: رضي اباد‎ also Romanized as Raẕīābād; also known as Raẕīābād Ḩarīrī) is a village in Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 561 in 134 families.
 Madupalli (Telugu: మడుపల్లి ) is a big village under the Madhira Mandal Khammam district in Andhra Pradesh. It is located just 4 kilometers from Madhira. Temples in Madupalli include Shivalayam Ramalayam and Aanjaneya Temple where every year Annadhanam is conducted for the birth day of the deity Anjaneya. Sir Sheelam Venkatareddy and Sambaiah are both from Madupalli[citation needed].
 Uttarkanya is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1401 people living in 278 individual households.
 Chah Esmail (Persian: چاه اسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Chāh Esmā‘īl) is a village in Gurband Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2186 in 415 families.
 Słuszków [ˈswuʂkuf] is a village in Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Korzeniew 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.In 1935 the Słuszków Hoard was discovered there.
 Ajjenahalli Belur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Belur taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Kołbacz [ˈkɔwbat͡ʂ] (German: Kolbatz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Stare Czarnowo 23 km (14 mi) east of Gryfino and 20 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
 Donje Brijanje is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1487 people.
 Przewóz [ˈpʂɛvus] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Opsine is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kapıkaya is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Karimabad-e Sargorich (Persian: کريم ابادسرگريچ‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Sargorīch) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 16 families.
 Deltota is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qaleh-ye Amaran (Persian: قلعه عمران‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ʿAmarān) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ostaszewo Wielkie [ɔstaˈʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Pułtusk and 61 km (38 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Aladeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ipa Panchakanya is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2335 people living in 395 individual households.
 Towdur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Harapanahalli taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Saraydan (Persian: سرايدان‎ also Romanized as Sarāydān; also known as Sāradān and Sāygān) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 610 in 114 families.
 Gościce [ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Paczków 26 km (16 mi) west of Nysa and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 470.
 Qiz Qaleh (Persian: قيزقلعه‎ also Romanized as Qiz Qal‘eh; also known as Qez Qal‘eh and Qez Qal‘eh-ye Kharābeh) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Pet Basheerabad is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Quthbullapur mandal. It is fast developing into a major suburb. There is a Police Station here.
 Chimeh (Persian: چيمه‎ also Romanized as Chīmeh; also known as Chīma and Maḩalleh-ye Deh-e Chīmeh) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 139 families.
 Luciny [luˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Śrem and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 250.
 Eslamabad-e Chah-e Manj (Persian: اسلام ابادچاه منج‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Chāh-e Manj; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Chahak Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 43 families.
 Gruszczyce [ɡruʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Błaszki 20 km (12 mi) west of Sieradz and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 462.
 Thond-angi or Tond-angi is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Mistusinne is a resort village in Maple Bush Rural Municipality No. 224 Saskatchewan Canada. The population was 56 at the 2006 Census. The village's name is derived from the Plains Cree word mistasiniy (meaning big stone) which refers to a massive stone that resembled a sleeping bison that once rested in the Qu'Appelle Valley before Lake Diefenbaker was built.
 Czaple [ˈt͡ʂaplɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kryłatka [krɨˈwatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Sztabin 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Augustów and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wólka Radzymińska [ˈvulka rad͡zɨˈmiɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieporęt within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nieporęt 12 km (7 mi) east of Legionowo and 23 km (14 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 700.
 Hakimabad (Persian: حكيماباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩakīmābād and Hakīmābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1228 in 319 families.
 Petrovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Biała [ˈbjawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sulejów 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Aliabad-e Kalkhuni (Persian: علي ابادكال خوني‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kālkhūnī) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 Katarzynów [kataˈʐɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kozienice and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Kyungon is a village in Danubyu Township Maubin District in the Ayeyarwady Region of northern-central Burma (Myanmar).
 Górale [ɡuˈralɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Jabłonowo Pomorskie 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Mazraeh-ye Faqih (Persian: مزرعه فقيه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Faqīh) is a village in Khir Rural District Runiz District Estahban County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sardar (Persian: سردر‎) is a village in Ashkara Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 88 families.
 Chahak (Persian: چاهك‎ also Romanized as Chāhak) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 18 families.
 Truszki [ˈtruʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Grzybno [ˈɡʐɨbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1189.
 Kadłub [ˈkadwup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Miękinia 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Środa Śląska and 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Leosia [lɛˈɔɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Drzycim 9 km (6 mi) north of Świecie 49 km (30 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 53 km (33 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 12.
 Ab Malek (Persian: اب ملك‎ also Romanized as Āb Maleḵ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 18 families.
 Orońsko [ɔˈrɔɲskɔ] is a village in Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Orońsko. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Szydłowiec and 100 km (62 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1200.
 Mix Run Pennsylvania is an unincorporated village located in Gibson Township Cameron County Pennsylvania. The village is not tracked by the Census Bureau.The village is somewhat remote and is located adjacent to Elk State Forest. It is most famous as the birthplace and childhood home of silent film actor Tom Mix.[citation needed]
 Goudgeri is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Molin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Phayeng is a small village in Imphal West district of Manipur India.
 Firuzabad-e Toluy (Persian: فيروزابادطلوع‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād-e Ţolūy; also known as Fīrūzābād and Tolūī) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Rostami (Persian: رستمي‎ also Romanized as Rostamī; also known as Bandar-e Rostamī and Rustami) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District Delvar District Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1427 in 341 families.
 Incheh-ye Olya (Persian: اينچه عليا‎ also Romanized as Īncheh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 13 families.
 Mobarakeh (Persian: مباركه‎ also Romanized as Mobārakeh; also known as Mobārak Shāh and Mubārakshāh) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 46 families.
 Jageshwar is a Hindu pilgrimage town in Almora district Uttarakhand dedicated to Lord Shiva located 36 km northeast of Almora in Kumaun region.
 Mowtowr-e Ashayiri-ye Do Aliabad (Persian: موتورعشايري 2علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīrī-ye Do ʿAlīābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Deh Kohneh-e Mazdak (Persian: ده كهنه مزدك‎) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 838 in 202 families.
 Sanhaitha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4046 people living in 765 individual households.
 Kyzyltu sometimes spelled Qyzyltu is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Put-in-Bay is a village located on South Bass Island in Put-in-Bay Township Ottawa County Ohio United States. The population was 138 at the 2010 census. The bay played a significant role in the War of 1812 as the location of the squadron of U.S. naval commander Oliver Hazard Perry who sailed from the port on September 10 1813 to engage a British squadron just north of the island in the Battle of Lake Erie. The village is a popular summer resort and recreational destination.
 Khurban (Persian: خوربان‎ also Romanized as Khūrbān) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Strączków [ˈstrɔnt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Samborzec 14 km (9 mi) west of Sandomierz and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Holmen is a village in La Crosse County Wisconsin United States. The population was 9005 as of the census of 2010. It is part of the La Crosse Metropolitan Area.
 Szczodrów [ˈʂt͡ʂɔdruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Halinów 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 27 km (17 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Galomin [ɡaˈlɔmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Baboszewo 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Radoszyn [raˈdɔʂɨn] (German: Rentschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Skąpe 8 km (5 mi) south of Świebodzin 28 km (17 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 64 km (40 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 584.
 Rozprza [ˈrɔspʂa] is a village in Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rozprza. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 1400.Rozprza has a very long history as it is one of the oldest Slavic gords of Poland.
 Nayakumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Rakówek [raˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Watuwala Eastern Province is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ramsheh (Persian: رامشه‎ also Romanized as Rāmsheh and Rāmshah; also known as Rūm Shāh) is a village in Ramsheh Rural District Jarqavieh Olya District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2579 in 770 families.
 Świerczek [ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Skarżysko Kościelne 5 km (3 mi) north of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 360.
 Sokolniki [sɔkɔlˈɲikʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Gorzyce 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Tarnobrzeg and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1965.
 Kermanchi (Persian: كرمانچي‎ also Romanized as Kermānchī) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Donja Raštelica is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Belwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Nebiler is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province Turkey. It is situated to the east of Turkish state highway D.550. The population of Nebiler is 167 as of 2011.
 Güvenç Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dworczysko [dvɔrˈt͡ʂɨskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Kandithampattu is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Joghanab-e Olya (Persian: جغناب عليا‎ also Romanized as Joghanāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 14 families.
 Kışlak Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Malo Gradište is a village in the municipality of Malo Crniće Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 377 people.
 Božica is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 333 people.
 Flatraket is a small village in the southwestern part of Selje Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) northeast of the town of Måløy (in Vågsøy Municipality) about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of the village of Håvik and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of the municipal centre of Selje. Flatraket has a good view of the island of Silda and the Stadlandet peninsula.
 Esfand (Persian: اسفند‎) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 528 in 157 families.
 Jalikatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Ahmetaq is a village in the municipality of Prezë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wielgomłyny 21 km (13 mi) east of Radomsko and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Skłudy [ˈskwudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tom Guran (Persian: تم گوران‎ also Romanized as Tom Gūrān) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 80 families.
 Pogorzałe Ługi [pɔɡɔˈʐawɛ ˈwuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 26 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Obrijež (Cyrillic: Обријеж) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kania Góra [ˈkaɲa ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Zgierz and 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 130.
 Pawłówek [paˈvwuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Narivaran-e Gharbi (Persian: ناريوران غربي‎ also Romanized as Nārīvarān-e Gharbī; also known as Nārīvarān) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 96 families.
 Orchów [ˈɔrxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łask and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ahmadabad-e Moqbel (Persian: احمدابادمقبل‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Moqbel; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 50 families.
 Zaczopki [zaˈt͡ʂɔpkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) north-east of Biała Podlaska and 118 km (73 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Takht-e Sabz (Persian: تخت سبز‎; also known as Takht-e Sabz-e Vosţá and Takht-e Sar) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 17 families.
 Żabno [ˈʐabnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Mogilno and 54 km (34 mi) south of Bydgoszcz. On December 25 1991 following the fall of the Soviet Union Makhnovist soldiers entered the region with the intention of overthrowing the government and establishing an anarchist rule.
 Mazraeh-ye Mallu (Persian: مزرعه ملو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mallū; also known as Mallū) is a village in Khuzi Rural District Varavi District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 6 families.
 Beyt-e Ashur (Persian: بيت عاشور‎ also Romanized as Beyt-e ‘Āshūr; also known as Nahr Āshūr and Nahr-e Āshūr) is a village in Jaffal Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 675 in 106 families.
 Kapalleki is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4049.
 Talkhi (Persian: تلخي‎ also Romanized as Talkhī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 404 in 93 families.
 Qaleh-ye Bala-ye Sian (Persian: قلعه بالاسيان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Bālā-ye Sīān; also known as Qal‘ehbālā Qal‘eh-e Bālā and Qal‘eh-ye Bālā) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 79 families.
 Sar Nesa (Persian: سرنسا‎ also Romanized as Sar Nesā’ and Sar Nasā’) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 494 in 111 families.
 Tell Dahab (Arabic: تل ذهب‎ also spelled Tal Dhahab) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located northwest of Homs. Nearby localities include Taldou and Kafr Laha Maryamin and al-Taybah al-Gharbiyah to the southwest Awj to the west Aqrab to the northwest Bisin to the north and Talaf to the east. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Tell Dahab had a population of 12055 in the 2004 census.
 Kyungon is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Rowghan Garan (Persian: روغن گران‎ also Romanized as Rowghan Garān) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Taftafineh Shams Ali (Persian: تاف تافينه شمسعلي‎ also Romanized as Tāftāfīneh Shams ʿAlī; also known as Tāftāfīneh) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 46 families.
 Czysta Dębina [ˈt͡ʂɨsta dɛmˈbʲina] (Ukrainian: Чиста Дубина Chysta Dubyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Większyce [vjɛnkˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Wiegschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reńska Wieś within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Reńska Wieś 8 km (5 mi) west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Opole (German: Oppeln). Większyce / Wiegschütz is bilingual: German and Polish.
 Nahar (Persian: ناهر‎ also Romanized as Nāhar) is a village in Kharturan Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 16 families.
 Jasenica Lug (Cyrillic: Јасеница Луг) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rakvice is a village in Břeclav District South Moravian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 2187 (2006 est.). There are a large vineyards near the village.
 BidHand (Persian: بيدهند‎ also Romanized as BīdHend and BīdHand) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 176 families.WWW.BIDHAND.IR
 Wólka [ˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jangah (Persian: جنگا ه‎ also Romanized as Jangāh and Jongāh) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Pain Rural District Qushkhaneh District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 56 families.
 Niwnice [nivˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Neuland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Lwówek Śląski and 109 kilometres (68 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tymienice [tɨmjɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Zduńska Wola and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cheshmeh-ye Khezr (Persian: چشمه خضر‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Khez̤r and Cheshmehkhez̤r) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mozaffarabad (Persian: مظفراباد‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affarābād) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 29 families.
 Świdwinek [ɕfidˈvinɛk] (formerly German Neu Schivelbein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Stare Szabły [ˈstarɛ ˈʂabwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 120.
 Shahrak-e Mostafa Khomeyni (Persian: شهرك مصطفي خميني‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Moṣṭafá Khomeynī) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1224 in 347 families.
 Cheshmeh-ye Ali (Persian: چشمه علي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye ‘Alī and Chashmeh-ye ‘Alī; also known as Chashma ‘Al) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Chenar Bon (Persian: چناربن‎ also Romanized as Chenār Bon) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 50 families.
 Earnewâld (Dutch: Eernewoude) is a small village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 418 citizens (2008). A windmill De Princehofmolen is maintained as a landscape feature.
 Cheshmeh Mahi (Persian: چشمه ماهي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Māhī and Chashmeh Māhī) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 79 families.
 Emam Hasan-e Vasati (Persian: امام حسن وسطي‎ also Romanized as Emām Ḩasan-e Vasaţī) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District (Kermanshah Province) in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 23 families.
 Alparslan is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Tolombeh-ye Hajj Ali Khovajuyi (Persian: تلمبه حاج علي خواجوئي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩājj ʿAlī Khovājūyī) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Rosochatka [rɔsɔˈxatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Śliwice 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 67 km (42 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 240.
 Kutsovo (Bulgarian: Куцово) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 186.664 kilometres (115.988 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 3.74 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 12 people.
 Miedniewice [mjɛdɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wiskitki 10 km (6 mi) west of Żyrardów and 50 km (31 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 480.
 Stara Kościelnica [ˈstara kɔɕt͡ɕelˈnit͡sa] (German: Alt Münsterberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłoradz within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Mazury [maˈzurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Bełchatów and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Obula-devara-cheruvu is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.[1]State Bank of India has got a Branch here.
 Valikan (Persian: وليكن‎ also Romanized as Valīkan) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 8 families.
 Qaleh Kohneh (Persian: قلعه كهنه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kohneh) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 550 in 97 families.
 Kalno [ˈkalnɔ] (German: Kallendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Żarów 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Świdnica and 43 kilometres (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 320.
 McDonald is a village in Trumbull County Ohio United States. The population was 3263 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area. A 4.0-magnitude earthquake struck northeastern Ohio in McDonald in Trumbull County on the afternoon of Saturday December 31 2011.
 Vaddemgunta is a village in Bollapally Mandal Guntur district Andhra Pradesh India. The nearest town at 13 km is Vinukonda.
 Milićevo Selo is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 694 people.
 Chal Baraftab (Persian: چال برافتاب‎ also Romanized as Chāl Barāftāb) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łowiska [wɔˈviska] (German: Mittelhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Płoty 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Gryfice and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dörtler is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 For other places with this name see Brudzeń Duży Brudzeń Mały and Brudzeń Landscape Park.Brudzeń [ˈbrud͡zɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Grabów 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bieganów [bjɛˈɡanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Radków 17 km (11 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Chrustowo [xrusˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujście within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ujście 12 km (7 mi) south of Piła and 73 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Oshdalaq (Persian: اشدلق‎; also known as Uchky ‘Uliya Ūshdelaq Ushtula and Uzhkyulya) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 9 families.
 Kuruksoi is a village and jamoat in north-western Tajikistan. It is located in Mastchoh District in Sughd province. The jamoat has a total population of 2729.
 Žitni Potok is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 592 people.
 Qalehcheh (Persian: قلعه چه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘ehcheh and Qal‘eh Cheh; also known as Ghal’eh Cheh and Kalacha) is a village in Lahijan Rural District Khosrowshahr District Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 55 families.
 Dochahi (Persian: دوچاهي‎ also Romanized as Dochāhī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 which was composed of 50 families.
 Duża Cerkwica [ˈduʐa t͡sɛrkˈfit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kamień Krajeński 10 km (6 mi) north of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 370.
 Kiełcze-Kopki [ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛ ˈkɔpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kolno and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 104.
 Dehuiyeh (Persian: دهويه‎ also Romanized as Dehūīyeh) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 40 families.
 Dehnow-e Sofla (Persian: دهنوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Dehnow-e Soflá) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Świerczów [ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Stąporków 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Końskie and 26 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 530.
 Gach Khalaj (Persian: گچ خلج‎) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Rakowiec [raˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 360.
 Heerewaarden is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Maasdriel and lies about 8 km south of Tiel.Heerewaarden was a separate municipality until 1999 except for a short period between 1818 and 1821 when it was part of Rossum.In 2001 the village of Heerewaarden had 980 inhabitants.
 Brzustowa [bʐusˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bobrowniki 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Lipno and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Nagathan is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bijapur taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Mavedyn Vamhajryn (Persian: معاودين ومهاجرين‎; also known as Mavedyn Vamhajryn Camp (Persian: اردوگاه معاودين ومهاجرين‎ also Romanized as Ārdūgāh Mʿāūdīn Vamhājrīn) is a camp and village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 883 in 186 families.
 Yakasinek is a village in the District of Sultandağı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Przyłęk Duży [ˈpʂɨwɛŋk ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Rogów 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Brzeziny and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Salyun (Persian: ساليون‎ also Romanized as Sālyūn and Sālyown) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abbas Bolaghi (Persian: عباس بلاغي‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbās Bolāghī) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 465 in 106 families.
 Avdan is a village in the District of Osmaneli Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 156 people.
 Asadabad-e Rahnama (Persian: اسداباد رهنما‎ also Romanized as Asadābād-e Rahnamā) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 21 families.
 Arghesh (Persian: ارغش‎) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 76 families.
 Kimberly is a village in Outagamie County Wisconsin United States. The population was 6468 at the 2010 census. The village is east of Appleton.
 Krupoliny [krupɔˈlʲinɨ] (German: Kroplainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Barczewo and 15 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Alix is a village in central Alberta east of Red Deer. Its village mascot is the Alix-Gator who is featured prominently on many signs and businesses.Originally called Toddsville the settlement was incorporated on June 3 1907 and was named after Alexia Westhead the first white woman settler of the community. (Alix was her nickname) The first mayor of Alix was Robert F. Sanderson who also owned and ran the general store.Alix became the home to Dr.
 Aghcheh Kohel (Persian: اقچه كهل‎ also Romanized as Āghcheh Kohel; also known as Āqcheh Kohel) is a village in Gonbar Rural District in the Central District of Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 53 families.
 Pain Fidarreh (Persian: پايين فيدره‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Fīdarreh; also known as Pā’īn Fedreh and Pā’īn Fūdarreh) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 34 families.
 Fadanpura is a village in Fatehpur tesil of Sikar district in Rajasthan. The village was founded by Jyani/Jiani gotra Jats who came from Chainpura village about 800 years back. Jat gotras in the village are Bhuria Bagaria Jyani Garhwal. There are about 100 families of Shekhawat Naruka and Bidawat Rajputs.
 JAGIRIPALLY is a village in the Karimnagar District of Andhra Pradesh India. Comes under SAIDAPUR Mandal. It is situated near the famous temple village Godisaala. During the Kakatiya dynasty one of the Kakatiya senaani (army chief) built the Shiva temple here.
 Mohammadiyeh (Persian: محمديه‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadīyeh) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Gökkiriş Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 801 people.
 Rytele Suche [rɨˈtɛlɛ ˈsuxɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceranów within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Ceranów 32 km (20 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 93 km (58 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Rąbczyn [ˈrɔmpt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Raszków 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Eğerlidereköy Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Šeovica is a village in Croatia.
 Qoturlar (Persian: قطورلار‎ also Romanized as Qoţūrlār) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 97 families.
 Dankowice Pierwsze [dankɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzepice within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Krzepice 16 km (10 mi) west of Kłobuck and 80 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 351.
 Głębokie [ɡwɛmˈbɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piwniczna-Zdrój within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Piwniczna-Zdrój 18 km (11 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kućani (Serbian: Кућани) is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 256 people.
 Yusef Kandi (Persian: يوسف كندي‎ also Romanized as Yūsef Kandī Yūsefkandī and Yūsof Kandī; also known as Yūsof Kand and Yusuf Kandi) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2345 in 488 families.
 Kaszewice [kaʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluki within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kluki 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 500.
 Amrabad (Persian: عمراباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Amrābād; also known as ‘Amrūābād and Umrāo) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 27 families.
 Gumdi is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5091 and had 898 houses in it.
 Zaviyeh-ye Kord (Persian: زاويه كرد‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh-ye Kord Zāvīeh Kord and Zāvīeh-ye Kord; also known as Zeīwa and Zeyva) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 81 families.
 Kargi Estonia is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Milačevići (Serbian: Милачевићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tirgaran (Persian: تيرگران‎ also Romanized as Tīrgarān; also known as Sīrgarān and Thīrgaran) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Tomisławice [tɔmiswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Warta 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Arqih (Persian: ارقيه‎ also Romanized as Ārqīh and Arghāy) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 23 families.
 Lat (Persian: لات‎ also Romanized as Lāt) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 300 in 89 families.
 Shoreyjeh-ye Yek (Persian: شريجه يك‎; also known as Mosherījeh and Moshirijeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zaki Alamdari (Persian: ذكي علمداري‎ also Romanized as Ẕaḵī ʿAlmdārī) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Szentistvánbaksa is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Phong Huân is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Sütlüce is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
 Mauricio Mayer is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Shurcheh (Persian: مزرعه شورچه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shūrcheh; also known as Shūrjeh) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Charmi (Persian: چرمي‎ also Romanized as Charmī) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Przeszkoda [pʂɛʂˈkɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Chahak (Persian: چاهك‎ also Romanized as Chāhak) is a village in Afriz Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1068 in 274 families.
 Stara Juńcza [ˈstara ˈjuɲt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Czersk 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 72.
 Karorri is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan. It is located in the west of the district and lies in an area affected by the 2005 Kashmir earthquake.
 Czarnowice [t͡ʂarnɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Gubin 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 47 km (29 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Tirkan (Persian: تيركان‎ also Romanized as Tīrkan Tīrakān and Tīrekān; also known as Tīreh Kan and Tīr Kamān) is a village in Jowshan Rural District Golbaf District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Korzekwin [kɔˈʐɛkfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Szczytniki 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Odryty [ɔˈdrɨtɨ] (German: Odritten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Barczewo and 18 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 250.
 Pepłowo [pɛˈpwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wieczfnia Kościelna 12 km (7 mi) north of Mława and 118 km (73 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Chhiahtlang is an independent village level administration within Serchhip Town in the Mizoram State of India. It lies adjacent to New Serchhip.
 Horodiște is a commune in Dondușeni District Moldova. It is composed of a single village Horodiște (formerly Horodiștea).
 Gandabeh (Persian: گندابه‎ also Romanized as Gandābeh; also known as Sādāt-e Gandābeh) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 581 in 122 families.
 Gentry is a village in Gentry County Missouri. The population was 72 at the 2010 census.
 Kuczyn [ˈkut͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Mońki and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Deh-e Aqa (Persian: ده اقا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Āqā and Deh Āqā; also known as Deh Sa‘īd) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 14 families.
 Esence is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 404 people.
 Bełszewo-Kolonia [bɛu̯ˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Osięciny 12 km (7 mi) east of Radziejów and 43 km (27 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 100.
 Yengejeh (Persian: ينگجه‎; also known as Nīgejeh') is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 6 families.
 Kangiqsujuaq (Inuktitut: ᑲᖏᖅᓱᔪᐊᖅ) is a northern village (Inuit community) in Nunavik Nord-du-Québec Quebec Canada. It had a population of 696 in the Canada 2011 Census. The community has also been known as Wakeham Bay. The name Kangiqsujuaq means the large bay in Inuktitut.It is located on the Ungava Peninsula on the Cap du Prince-de-Galles on the Hudson Strait.
 Kolbotn is the centre of Oppegård Norway. The population is about 6000. Kolbotn has several elementary schools four middle schools and a high school.The Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone formed there in 1986.The football team Kolbotn IL hails from here. In 2006 Kolbotn women's team were top of the top league for women in Norway the Toppserien. The team included Norwegian national footballers Solveig Gulbrandsen Trine Rønning Christine Colombo Nilsen and Isabell Herlovsen.
 Khosrowabad (Persian: خسرواباد‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Deli (Persian: دلي‎ also Romanized as Delī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 90 families.
 Naqsheh-ye Naser (Persian: نقشه نصار‎ also Romanized as Naqsheh-ye Naṣār; also known as Naqsheh) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 16 families.
 Lameh-ye Arameneh (Persian: لمه ارامنه‎ also Romanized as Lam‘eh-ye Arāmeneh and Lam‘eh Arāmeneh; also known as Luma Lūmeh and Lyuma) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chromiec [ˈxrɔmjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 270.
 Rudbar-e Naqib Deh (Persian: رودبارنقيب ده‎ also Romanized as Rūdbār-e Naqīb Deh) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Jasin [ˈjaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Swarzędz and 13 km (8 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 994.
 Jaskra [ˈjaskra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Knyszyn 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Mońki and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 250.
 Dar-e Zard (Persian: درزرد‎; also known as Dar-e Zar) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nasimabad (Persian: نسيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Nasīmābād) is a village in Karvan-e Sofla Rural District Karvan District Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 819 in 215 families.
 Chahkohneh (Persian: چاه كهنه‎ also Romanized as Chāhkohneh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 13 families.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Łomża and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kiriwaula is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Shahzavar (Persian: شهزوار‎ also Romanized as Shahzavār) is a village in Chashm Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tang-e Mahlab-e Mahtab (Persian: تنگ مهلاب مهتاب‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Mahlāb-e Mahtāb) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 7 families.
 Ortaköy Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Sar Bast (Persian: سربست‎; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Bāsakūn and Sar Bas) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 789 in 197 families.
 Yolveren is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 47 people.
 Kazaraj (Persian: كزرج‎ also Romanized as Kaz̄araj) is a village in Kandovan Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 71 families.
 Młyny [ˈmwɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Rudniki 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Olesno and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 331.
 Josipovac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Valiveru is an agricultural village of 6000 people in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 Dłużek [ˈdwuʐɛk] (German: Dolzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsko within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lubsko 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Żary and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kukurahtsevo is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Stary Imielnik [ˈstarɨ iˈmjɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Stryków 11 km (7 mi) east of Zgierz and 11 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hom-e Khosrow (Persian: خم خسرو‎ also Romanized as Ḩom-e Khosrow; also known as Khom-e Khosrow and Khum-e Khosrow) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 31 families.
 Emam Verdi (Persian: امام وردي‎ also Romanized as Emām Verdī; also known as Qūzleq) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 50 families.
 Zagaje Stradowskie [zaˈɡajɛ straˈdɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Czarnocin 13 km (8 mi) north of Kazimierza Wielka and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Cheshmeh-ye Cham Nezami (Persian: چشمه چم نظامي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Cham Nez̧āmī) is a village in Julaki Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Gürsu is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Hamidiyeh (Persian: حميديه‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdīyeh; also known as Malekābād (Persian: ملك اباد) and Mīlkābād) is a village in Khanuk Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 883 in 207 families.
 Sang Divar (Persian: سنگديوار‎ also Romanized as Sang Dīvār; also known as Sangetown Sangīfān and Sangyufan) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 50 families.
 Safarabad (Persian: صفراباد‎ also Romanized as Şafarābād) is a village in Razan Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 25 families.
 Januszewice [januʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kluczewsko 10 km (6 mi) north of Włoszczowa and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Çalta is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Linlu is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Strużyna [struˈʐɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Å is a village in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the east coast of the island of Andøya along the Andfjorden. The village of Dverberg lies about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the north and the village of Åse lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the south. Its sign is often replaced due to people stealing it for novelty purposes.
 Ausland is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Dębina [dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi within Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Białobrzegi 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Łańcut and 23 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Budel [ˈbudɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łaskarzew 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Sokoły [sɔˈkɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Pionki 18 km (11 mi) east of Radom and 89 km (55 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Jaworów [jaˈvɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Tammiku (Kose) is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Kropiwnik [krɔˈpivnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytom Odrzański within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Podlipce [pɔdˈlipt͡sɛ] (German: Piepstock) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Węgorzyno 16 km (10 mi) south of Łobez and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Haratomeh (Persian: هراتمه‎ also Romanized as Harātomeh and Harātameh; also known as Hartuman) is a village in Garkan Rural District Garkan-e Jonubi District Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1335 in 360 families.
 Chah Hasan Khani (Persian: چاه حسن خاني‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ḩasan Khānī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shurakabad (Persian: شورك اباد‎ also Romanized as Shūrakābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 12 families.
 Dedeler is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 514 people.
 Brygidów [brɨˈɡiduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Krasocin 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Włoszczowa and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 221.
 Bandalemoor is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Manchal mandal.
 Sarab (Persian: سراب‎ also Romanized as Sarāb; also known as Sarāb-e Fash) is a village in Fash Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 9 families.
 Oina Estonia is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Yurukovo is a village in Yakoruda Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Shareh Khvor (Persian: شره خور‎) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Janików [jaˈnikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Ożarów 21 km (13 mi) east of Opatów and 77 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 200 and used to be a town from 1559 to 1827 and in the past Janikow was a local center of stonemasonry.
 Kaveh Industrial City (Persian: شهرصنعتي كاوه‎ – Shahr-e Şanʿatī-ye Kāveh) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2554 in 773 families.
 Borków [ˈbɔrkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Daleszyce and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 360.
 Studzieniec [stuˈd͡ʑeɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sierpc and 117 km (73 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Talmara (Persian: تل مرا‎ also Romanized as Tālmarā) is a village in Ashkara Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 14 families.
 Jędrzychowice [jɛndʐɨxɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Hennersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies on the eastern bank of the Lusatian Neisse river within the historic Upper Lusatia region approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zgorzelec and 141 kilometres (88 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wangerberg is a village of Liechtenstein in the municipality of Triesenberg located on a hill in front of Triesen.
 Darodi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Sangab (Persian: سنگاب‎ also Romanized as Sangāb) is a village in Eyvanki Rural District Eyvanki District Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 8 families.
 Węgierka [vɛŋˈɡʲɛrka] (Ukrainian: Угорка Uhorka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Jarosław and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 940.
 Shaye (Persian: شايع‎ also Romanized as Shāye‘; also known as Shāyeh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 577 in 158 families.
 Harain-e Olya (Persian: هرائين عليا‎ also Romanized as Harā’īn-e ‘Olyā Harā’īn Owlyā and Haraīyan Ūlīya; also known as Harā’īn and Harāyen) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1112 in 277 families.
 Darreh-ye Zereshk (Persian: دره زرشك‎ also Romanized as Darrehzereshk) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 31 families.
 Gusheh Daraq (Persian: گوشه درق‎ also Romanized as Gūsheh Daraq; also known as Gūsheh Darreh Gūsheh Vazaq Koosheha Draq Shordar’ya Shordere Shū Darreh Shūr Daraq and Shūr Darreh) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dust Beyglu (Persian: دوستبيگلو‎ also Romanized as Dūst Beyglū; also known as Dust‘ali Beyglū) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 769 in 149 families.
 Dobrá (Polish: Dobra German: Dobrau) is a village in the Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has 2997 inhabitants (2006). It lies on the Morávka River in the historical region of Těšín Silesia. The village is nowadays known for the big Hyundai factory which has been being built in Nošovice a village nearby.
 Rukały [ruˈkawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Holliday is a village in Monroe County Missouri United States. The population was 137 at the 2010 census.
 Żaba [ˈʐaba] (German Saabe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Namysłów and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Dolovi (Donji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Żurawiec [ʐuˈravjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Adamów 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Łuków and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 320.
 Ramche is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2893 and had 566 houses in the village.
 Sarab (Persian: سراب‎ also Romanized as Sarāb) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 38 families.
 Pod Bubnowem [ˈpɔt bubˈnɔvɛm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 K.V.B.Puram is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Rum Dasht (Persian: روم دشت‎ also Romanized as Rūm Dasht) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 37 families.
 Bab Nadan (Persian: باب ندان‎ also Romanized as Bāb Nadān; also known as Dar-e Nedū Darnadū’īyeh and Dar Nedū) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 12 families.
 Sątyrz Pierwszy [ˈsɔntɨʂ ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Chociwel 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 27.
 Olgunlar is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Chehel Zari (Persian: چهل زرعي‎ also Romanized as Chehel Zar‘ī) is a village in Surmaq Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hollum is a Dutch village on Ameland one of the West Frisian Islands. It is situated on the westernmost part of the island.Prominent in the town is a Reformed church with foundations from the 12th century and a lighthouse which is 59 m high dating from 1880. Also a notable feature are the Commandeur huuskes.
 Shamusilabi (Persian: شموسيلابي‎ also Romanized as Shamūsīlābī; also known as Shams ʿAlī Kandī and Shamū Salāvī) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 55 families.
 Karacalar is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Kościernica [kɔɕt͡ɕerˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) west of Polanów 18 km (11 mi) east of Koszalin and 148 km (92 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 284.
 Sobień [ˈsɔbjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Białaczów 13 km (8 mi) south of Opoczno and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mowtowr-e Ab Rostam Abir (Persian: موتور آب رستم ابير‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Āb Rostam Ābīr) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Uch Tappeh (Persian: اوچ تپه‎ also Romanized as Ūch Tappeh and Owch Tappeh) is a village in Sardaran Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 12 families.
 Hudovo is a village in Croatia.
 Borówek [bɔˈruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Bielawy 23 km (14 mi) west of Łowicz and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Adrasan is a village in the District of Kumluca Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kuzmičevo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Sahamabad (Persian: سهام اباد‎ also Romanized as Sahāmābād) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 92 families.
 Nowy Waliszów [ˈnɔvɨ vaˈliʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Kłodzko and 93 kilometres (58 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Zawały [zaˈvawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Obrowo and 16 km (10 mi) east of Toruń.
 Lorun (Persian: لرون‎ also Romanized as Lorūn; also known as Looroon Lowrūn Lūrūn and Owrūn) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 31 families.
 Kosów Ruski [ˈkɔsuf ˈruski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Janiszewo [janiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Pelplin 24 km (15 mi) south of Tczew and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 266.
 Dzierzków [ˈd͡ʑeʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobromierz within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Dobromierz 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Świdnica and 59 kilometres (37 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kuik-e Azizi Amin (Persian: كوئيك عزيزي امين‎ also Romanized as Kū’īk-e ‘Azīzī Amīn; also known as Kū’īk-e ‘Azīz and Kūyakī-ye ‘Azīz) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 639 in 121 families.
 Bunčići is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Banie Mazurskie 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Gołdap and 118 km (73 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Anjilan (Persian: انجيلان‎ also Romanized as Anjīlān) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 53 families.
 Narmeh (Persian: نرمه‎; also known as Narmeh Sa‘dābād and Narmeh-ye Pa’īn) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 27 families.
 Seyyed Nezam ol Din (Persian: سيدنظام الدين‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Nez̧ām ol Dīn Seyyed Nez̧ām ed Dīn and Seyyed Nez̧ām od Dīn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1033 in 267 families.
 Kacice [kaˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Pułtusk and 51 km (32 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Bierzwienna Długa-Kolonia [bjɛʐˈvjɛnna ˈdwuɡa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 400.
 Hasan Shahab (Persian: حسن شهاب‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Shahāb; also known as Ḩasan Shoqā and Ḩasan Shaqāb) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 22 families.
 Rewica-Kolonia [rɛˈvit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Jeżów 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Brzeziny and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Suwâld (Dutch: Suawoude) is a small village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 651 citizens (2008).
 Küçükdikili is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Kangani is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the town had a population of 2308. The current calculation for 2012 is 4416 people
 Krężel [ˈkrɛ̃ʐɛl] (German: Henkenheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Väljataguse is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County Estonia.
 Chah Sabz (Persian: چاه سبز‎ also Romanized as Chāh Sabz) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Amanabad (Persian: امان اباد‎ also Romanized as Amānābād) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 28 families.
 Dali Owlad Mohammad Hoseyn (Persian: دلي اولادمحمدحسين‎ also Romanized as Dalī Owlād Moḩammad Ḩoseyn) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. As of the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Guri (Persian: گوري‎ also Romanized as Gūrī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 17 families.
 Żygląd [ˈʐɨɡlɔnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Papowo Biskupie 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Chełmno 25 km (16 mi) north of Toruń and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Kalateh-ye Baluch (Persian: كلاته بلوچ‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Balūch and Kalateh Balooch; also known as Kalāt-e Balūch and Kalāteh-ye Rokh) is a village in Gazik Rural District Gazik District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Bratuszewo [bratuˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Kamenica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 37 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Sefidan (Persian: مزرعه سفيدان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sefīdān) is a village in Rabatat Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Azad Veys-e Sofla (Persian: آزاد ويس سفلي‎ also Romanized as Āzād Veys-e Soflá; also known as Āzād Veys-e Pā’īn) is a village in Korani Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 15 families.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienica Polska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Częstochowa and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 799.
 Mikłusy [miˈkwusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Trzebieszów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Łuków and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Stodolsko [stɔˈdɔlskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Rakoniewice 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 535 in 104 families.
 Oterleek is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Schermer and lies about 4 km south of Heerhugowaard.Oterleek was a separate municipality between 1817 and 1970 when it was merged with Schermer.In 2001 the village of Oterleek had 192 inhabitants.
 Geliyan (Persian: گليان‎ also Romanized as Gelīyān and Gelyān) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 60 families.
 Śmieciuchówka [ɕmjɛt͡ɕuˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przerośl 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 124 km (77 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wężewo [vɛ̃ˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Przasnysz and 78 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 300.
 Tusvik or Tusvika is a small village in Sykkylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located along the Storfjorden about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of the village of Ikornnes and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of the municipal center Aure (via the Sykkylven Bridge over the Sykkylvsfjorden).Tusvik lies in Sykkylven Municipality which is primarily an industrial area with large industries such as RAJO Ekornes and LK Hjelle Møbelfabrikk based here.
 Dehdaran-e Sofla (Persian: دهداران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Dehdārān-e Soflá and Dehdaran Sofla; also known as Dehdārān and Dehdārān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1767 in 350 families.
 Tarva Halinga Parish is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Rączki [ˈrɔnt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Nidzica and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 240.
 Dowyran (Persian: دويران‎ also Romanized as Dowyrān; also known as Doyrān) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 92 families.
 Tahtali (Persian: تحتالي‎ also Romanized as Taḥtālī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 39 families.
 Imir (Persian: ايمير‎ also Romanized as Īmīr) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 15 families.
 Jarreh-ye Olya (Persian: جره عليا‎ also Romanized as Jarreh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Jarrah-e Bālā and Jarreh-ye Bālā) is a village in Vahdatiyeh Rural District Sadabad District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 8 families.
 Langar-e Qadim (Persian: لنگرقديم‎ also Romanized as Langar-e Qadīm) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 53 families.
 Badepalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Badepalli is under Ajlapur gram panchayat Yadgir Taluka of Yadgir District in Karnataka. Badepalli is 10 km by road south of the village of Madhawar and 14 km by road east of the town of Saidapur where Narayanpet Road Station is the nearest railway station.
 Ruzrak (Persian: روزرك‎ also Romanized as Rūzrak and Rūzarak) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 14 families.
 Somaqlu (Persian: سماقلو‎ also Romanized as Somāqlū; also known as Esmāqlū and Somāghlū) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 73 families.
 Highland Park is a village in Polk County Florida United States. The population was 244 at the 2000 census. As of 2004 the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 258 [1]. It is part of the Lakeland–Winter Haven Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Duninopol [duniˈnɔpɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dub (Serbian: Дуб) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Sustan (Persian: سوستان‎ also Romanized as Sūstān; also known as Sīstān) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4341 in 1229 families.
 Narges Koti (Persian: نرگس كتي‎ also Romanized as Narges Kotī; also known as Nargesī Kotī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 28 families.
 Ududeniya Sinhalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Prisoje (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deh Sefid Karim (Persian: ده سفيدكريم‎ also Romanized as Deh Sefīd Karīm; also known as Deh Sefīd) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 13 families.
 Raiyyat Mahalleh (Persian: رعيت محله‎ also Romanized as Ra‘īyyat Maḩalleh) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 87 families.
 Bondo is a village and commune and seat of the Cercle of Koro in the Mopti Region of Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 15872
 Berlevåg is the administrative centre of Berlevåg Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located on the northeastern coast of the Varanger Peninsula along the Barents Sea. The village lies along Norwegian County Road 890 just east of Berlevåg Airport. The Hurtigruten coastal express boats stop daily at Berlevåg.
 Liseh Rud-e Tazehabad (Persian: ليسه رودتازه اباد‎ also Romanized as Līseh Rūd-e Tāzehābād) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 106 families.
 Masha-ye Ashayiri Shomareh-ye Yek (Persian: مشاع عشايري شماره 1‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye ʿAshāyīrī Shomāreh-ye Yek) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Ridaküla is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Shivan Kandi (Persian: شيوان كندي‎ also Romanized as Shīvān Kandī; also known as Shīvā Kandī) is a village in Firuraq Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 48 families.
 Dysiek [ˈdɨɕek] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Trzemeszno 23 km (14 mi) east of Gniezno and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Klępie Górne [ˈklɛmpjɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Stopnica 21 km (13 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 340.
 Risti is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2560.
 Cobleskill is a village in the western part of the town of Cobleskill in Schoharie County New York USA. The population was 4533 at the 2000 census.The village is southwest of Amsterdam. The State University of New York at Cobleskill is located at the western side of the village.
 Mowtowr-e Darvish Huti (Persian: موتور درويش هوتي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Darvīsh Hūtī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Deh Now-e Kukhdan (Persian: دهنوكوخدان‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kūkhdān; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Dana Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 29 families.
 Vängla is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Alakin (Persian: الاكين‎ also Romanized as Ālākīn) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 24 families.
 Dowbaneh (Persian: دوبنه‎ also Romanized as Do Baneh; also known as Donbeh Downbeh and Dunheh) is a village in Maharlu Rural District Kuhenjan District Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 28 families.
 Derazan (Persian: درازان‎ also Romanized as Derāzān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1211 in 338 families.
 Grabanów-Kolonia [ɡraˈbanuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dam Tang-e Sarna (Persian: دم تنگ سرنا‎ also Romanized as Dam Tang-e Sarnā; also known as Dam-e Tang) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Baluchi (Persian: بلوچي‎ also Romanized as Balūchī) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 43 families.
 Mostafa Chay (Persian: مصطفي چاي‎ also Romanized as Moşţafá Chāy; also kown as Moşţafá Chā’ī) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 19 families.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 93 families.
 Çengeller is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 88 people.
 Napalpí is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Poźrzadło Wielkie [pɔˈʑʐadwɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Spiegel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kalisz Pomorski 20 km (12 mi) south of Drawsko Pomorskie and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Budalur (pronounced as 'boodhaloor') is a village in Thanjavur District Tamil Nadu India. It is located at 22 km to the west of Thanjavur and around 45 km to the east of Thiruchirapalli (called as Trichy). There are 3 rivers passing through Budalur namely Vennaaru Anandha Cauvery and Grand Anaicut Canal (also called Pudhaaru).
 Sušica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 878 people.
 Owlang (Persian: اولنگ‎ also Romanized as Aulang and Olang) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 26 families.
 Gola [ˈɡɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gorzów Śląski 22 km (14 mi) north of Olesno and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 260.
 Pir Savaran (Persian: پيرسواران‎ also Romanized as Pīr Savārān and Pīr Sawāran) is a village in Samen Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 27 families.
 Genanlu-ye Hasan Soltanlu (Persian: گنانلوحسن سلطان لو‎ also Romanized as Genānlū Ḩasan Solṭānlū; also known as Genānlū Ghenānlū and Gonānlū) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Nowodwór [nɔˈvɔdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kabud Khani-ye Sofla (Persian: كبودخاني سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kabūd Khānī-ye Soflá; also known as Kabūd Khānī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 24 families.
 Siah Choqa (Persian: سياه چقا‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Choqā) is a village in Sahneh Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 151 families.
 Sulujeh (Persian: سولوجه‎ also Romanized as Sūlūjeh and Soolloojeh; also known as Sūlījeh Sūlojā Suludzha and Suluja) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 23 families.
 Batlaq (Persian: باطلاق‎ also Romanized as Bāţlāq) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 17 families.
 Małki [ˈmau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Bobrowo 11 km (7 mi) west of Brodnica and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Niwnica [nivˈnit͡sa] (German Neunz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nysa and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Plaster Rock (2011 population: 1135) is a Canadian village in Victoria County New Brunswick. The mayor is Alexis Fenner.
 Przodkowo-Wybudowanie [pʂɔtˈkɔvɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Przodkowo 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 23 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Puzeh Sefid (Persian: پوزه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Pūzeh Sefīd; also known as Bard Espīd Mālek-e Ashtar and Pūzeh Bardā Sepīd) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 12 families.
 Syedpally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Parigi mandal.
 Anjeh (Persian: انجه‎) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 37 families.
 Manqutay (Persian: منقوطاي‎ also Romanized as Manqūţāy and Manqūtāy) is a village in Sain Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 37 families.
 Küplüce is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 154 people.
 Witrogoszcz [viˈtrɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łobżenica 42 km (26 mi) north-east of Piła and 104 km (65 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 530.
 Qeshlaq-e Qaleh Now-e Amlak (Persian: قشلاق قلعه نواملاك‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qal‘eh Now-e Amlāk; also known as Qeshlāq-e Qal‘eh Now and Qeshlāq Qal‘eh) is a village in Ferunabad Rural District in the Central District of Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 407 in 89 families.
 Lähtse is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Julianpol [juˈljanpɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Rudniki 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Olesno and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 508.
 Veliko Pupavce is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 79 people.
 Piszczaty-Piotrowięta [piʂˈt͡ʂatɨ pjɔtrɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Chuktu (Persian: چوكتو‎ also Romanized as Chūktū and Chūkatū; also known as Chaktū and Chūqtū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 13 families.
 Mead is a village in Saunders County Nebraska United States. The population was 569 at the 2010 census.
 Nabiabad (Persian: نبي آباد‎ also Romanized as Nabīābād; also known as Nayābād and Neyābād) is a village in Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 884 in 190 families.
 Gajle [ˈɡai̯lɛ] (German: Gayl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Pir Yadegar (Persian: پيريادگار‎ also Romanized as Pīr Yādegār and Pīr Yādgār; also known as Pirdavār and Pīr Dāwar) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District Hajjilar District Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 46 families.
 Kumteng is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Sanischare is a Village Development Committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5169 people residing in 2926 individual households.
 Wojnowice [vɔi̯nɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Woinowitz; 1936-1945: Weihendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzanowice within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Krzanowice 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Racibórz and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1100.
 Darreh Gahlui-ye Barzand (Persian: درگاهلوي برزند‎ also Romanized as Darreh Gāhlūī-ye Barzand; also known as Darreh Gāhlū) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Klikawa [kliˈkava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Puławy and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 480.
 Lipicze [liˈpit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kłomnice 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 81 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 345.
 Gevar-e Sofla (Persian: گورسفلي‎ also Romanized as Gevar-e Soflá; also known as Gevar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 124 families.
 Mierczany [mjɛrˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Torzym within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Torzym 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Sulęcin 55 km (34 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Tektaka is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Qebleh Bolaghi (Persian: قبله بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Qebleh Bolāghī; also known as Kiblag-Bulag Qebleh Būlāgh and Qiblahbulāq) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 45 families.
 Yasrabad (Persian: ياسراباد‎ also Romanized as Yāsrābād; also known as Khāneh Ḩeşār Khān Ḩeşār and Pas Hesār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 55 families.
 Hangarki is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sar Kashkamir (Persian: سركشكمير‎ also Romanized as Sar Kashkamīr; also known as Kashkamīr-e Bālā Kashkamīr-e ‘Olyā Kashkamīr ‘Uliya and Kashkeh Mīr-e Bālā) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 27 families.
 Kam Lar (Persian: كملر‎ also Romanized as Kamalar Kamlar Kemlar and Komlar; also known as Komeh Lar and Kimlar) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Frankowo [franˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Osieczna 14 km (9 mi) east of Leszno and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Urszulin [urˈʂulin] is a village in Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Urszulin. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 800.
 Alichin (Persian: الي چين‎ also Romanized as Ālīchīn and ‘Ālī Chīn) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 88 families.
 Rahjerd (Persian: راهجرد‎ also Romanized as Rāhjerd; also known as Rājerd and Rājird) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 512 in 102 families.
 Shilab (Persian: شيلاب‎ also Romanized as Shīlāb) is a village in Maspi Rural District in the Central District of Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 11 families.
 Shahrak-e Sadat (Persian: شهرك سادات‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sādāt; also known as Sādāt and Sharafeh) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 31 families.
 Pashagh-e Jadid (Persian: پاشغ جديد‎ also Romanized as Pāshagh-e Jadīd; also known as Pāshagh) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 534 in 119 families.
 Buyaqoli (Persian: بوياقلي‎ also Romanized as Būyāqolī) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 104 families.
 Komeyjeh (Persian: كميجه‎) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 23 families.
 Debipur is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Pasierbiec [paˈɕɛrbjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Qinarjeh-ye Olya (Persian: قينرجه عليا‎ also Romanized as Qīnarjeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qanīzjeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 13 families.
 Qaleh Qassab (Persian: قلعه قصاب‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Qaşşāb) is a village in Tajan Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 60 families.
 Nesvík is a village on the east coast of the Faroese island of Streymoy located in the Sunda municipality.In 2013 its population was 1. Nesvík is home to a religious camp of the conservative Inner Mission of the national church and a conference center called Leguhusið í Nesvík. Its name is derived from the Faroese words for cape and bay.
 Kang-e Olya (Persian: كنگ عليا‎ also Romanized as Kang-e ‘Olyā and Kang Olya; also known as Kang and Kang-e Bālā) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 592 in 140 families.
 Leszkomin [lɛʂˈkɔmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Zadzim 17 km (11 mi) south of Poddębice and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Kalak Shiman (Persian: كلك شيمان‎ also Romanized as Kalak Shīmān) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 9 families.
 Çarıklar is a village in the District of Germencik Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 470 people.
 Dźwierzno [ˈd͡ʑvjɛʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bieżuń 14 km (9 mi) south of Żuromin and 109 km (68 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kovači is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia. Its population is 1297 according to the 2002 Census in Serbia.
 Krępkowo [krɛmpˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Harjang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2011 people living in 360 individual households.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kadzidło 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 122 km (76 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kolonia Piszczac II is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Piszczac 23 km (14 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 250.
 Somapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Harunabad-e Olya (Persian: هارون ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Hārūnābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Hārūnābād-e Bālā) is a village in Ab Bar Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 101 families.
 Lubiczów [luˈbit͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Stare Babice 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 10 km (6 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 78.
 Kopana [kɔˈpana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Tarczyn 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 34 km (21 mi) south of Warsaw.
 rivers =2 chaliyariruvayinchiCheruvadi (Small Garden) is a village in the Kozhikode district of Kerala. It was famous for timber rice and cattle business and exchange located 25 kilometres east of Kozhikode.
 Gedai (Persian: گدائي‎ also Romanized as Gedā’ī; also known as Kadā’ī and Kedā’ī) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District Rig District Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 7 families.
 Bukovica is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kalbi Bak (Persian: كلبي بك‎ also Romanized as Kalbī Bak and Kal Bībak; also known as Kalbībag and Kalbībeyg) is a village in Chaghakhor Rural District Boldaji District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 874 in 198 families.
 Shurbolagh-e Sofla (Persian: شوربلاغ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shūrbolāgh-e Soflá) is a village in Chaybasar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 516 in 97 families.
 Zanus (Persian: زانوس‎ also Romanized as Zānūs) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 38 families.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād) is a village in Khafrak-e Olya Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Do Saran (Persian: دوسران‎ also Romanized as Do Sarān Dowsarān and Dusaran) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 35 families.
 Shangol Rud (Persian: شنگل رود‎ also Romanized as Shangol Rūd; also known as Shangol) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 6 families.
 Khoda Shah (Persian: خداشاه‎ also Romanized as Khodā Shāh; also known as Deh Emām) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1753 in 398 families.
 Donzak (Persian: دن زك‎) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nadziejów [naˈd͡ʑɛjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Stąporków 16 km (10 mi) east of Końskie and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 380.
 Alpavit (Persian: الپاويت‎ also Romanized as Ālpāvīt; also known as Ālpāvet) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 21 families.
 Bamasi (Persian: بامسي‎ also Romanized as Bāmasī) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 31 families.
 Popovce is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 379 people.
 Omidabad (Persian: اميداباد‎ also Romanized as Omīdābād and Ommīdābād; also known as Ommīdābād-e Sarāb) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 25 families.
 Kostiranna is a village in Jõelähtme Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Qareh Gol (Persian: قره گل‎) is a village in Leylan-e Jonubi Rural District Leylan District Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 654 in 157 families.
 Sławęcin [swaˈvɛnt͡ɕin] (German: Schlagenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Choszczno (Arnswalde) and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin (Stettin).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Plaine Magnien is a village in southeast Mauritius located in the Grand Port District. According to the Statistics Mauritius census in 2011 the population was at 10443. The village is the location of the only airport on the island Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport. Plaine Magnien also has an all girls State Secondary School France Boyer de la Giroday SSS. In addition it is the birthplace of the former Governor-General of Mauritius Dayendranath Burrenchobay.
 Aliabad-e Sanjeh Bashi (Persian: علي ابادسنجه باشي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Sanjeh Bāshī; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Sanjeh Vāsheh) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Pasha Kola (Persian: پاشاكلا‎ also Romanized as Pāshā Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 62 families.
 Andawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pirajeh (Persian: پي رجه‎ also Romanized as Pīrajeh and Pīrājeh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 8 families.
 Sharafshadeh (Persian: شرفشاده‎ also Romanized as Sharafshādeh and Sharaf Shādeh) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 150 families.
 Balgari Gabrovo Province is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Ilani (Persian: ايلاني‎ also Romanized as Īlānī) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 29 families.
 Gargundi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Lanjeh (Persian: لنجه‎ also Romanized as Lenjeh) is a village in Khurheh Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Gudowo [ɡuˈdɔvɔ] (German: Baumgarten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pauwegaude is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3391 people living in 669 individual households.
 Sang Kor (Persian: سنگ کر‎; also known as Sang Kar-e ‘Olyā Sang Kar-e Soflá and Sang Kor-e Golestān) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 21 families.
 Dukaczew [duˈkat͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Nowy Kawęczyn 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dival (Persian: ديول‎ also Romanized as Dīval) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 47 families.
 Bujny [ˈbui̯nɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wola Krzysztoporska 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 750.
 Darbiduiyeh (Persian: دربيدوييه‎ also Romanized as Darbīdū’īyeh; also known as Bīdu and Bīdū’īyeh) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 36 families.
 Oblęgorek [ɔblɛŋˈɡɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Strawczyn and 12 km (7 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 950.
 Bemowizna [bɛmɔˈvizna] (German: Böhmenhöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Braniewo and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 388.
 Qaleh Now-e Mastufi (Persian: قلعه نومستوفي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Mastūfī; also known as Qal‘eh Now) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 26 families.
 Bagarchhap is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 534 people living in 116 individual households.On 10 November 1995 most of Bagarchap (around 80%) was destroyed by a landslide which killed 11 villagers and 9 trekkers. Many villagers relocated to Danaque to the west and Bagarchhap is now much smaller than it was prior to the landslide.
 Wrocieryż [vrɔˈt͡ɕerɨʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Michałów 12 km (7 mi) west of Pińczów and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Darvish Khak-e Bala (Persian: درويش خاك بالا‎ also Romanized as Darvīsh Khāk-e Bālā; Bālā Darvīsh Khāk and Darvīsh Khāk) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 668 in 161 families.
 Beit Sawa (Arabic: بيت سوا‎; also spelled Bayt Sawa) is a village in southern Syria administratively part of the Markaz Rif Dimashq District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate located just east of Damascus. Nearby localities include Hammurah and Saqba to the south Arbin to the west Mesraba and Douma to the north. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Beit Sawa had a population of 6249 in the 2004 census.
 Golulan-e Olya (Persian: گلولان عليا‎ also Romanized as Golūlān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 30 families.
 Sheykhan Gafsheh (Persian: شيخان گفشه‎ also Romanized as Sheykhān Gafsheh) is a village in Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 587 in 184 families.
 Gornji Prisjan is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2012 census the village has a population of 335 people.
 Kanaginahal (Kannada: ಕಣಗಿನಹಾಳ ) is a village in the Gadag district of Karnataka State in India. The first co-operative society of India was registered in 1905 at Kanaginahal village.
 Nerman (Persian: نرمان‎ also Romanized as Nermān) is a village in Varavi Rural District Varavi District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1071 in 215 families.
 Donji Drapnići (Serbian: Доњи Драпнићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karimu (Persian: كريمو‎ also Romanized as Karīmū) is a village in Masabi Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 801 in 287 families.
 Księżno [ˈkɕɛ̃ʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wilczęta 21 km (13 mi) south of Braniewo and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 211.
 Sikory-Bartyczki [ɕiˈkɔrɨ barˈtɨt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Feyzianeh-e Sofla (Persian: فيزيانه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Feyzīāneh-e Soflá; also known as Feyzīāneh-e Pā’īn Fezāneh Pā’īn Fezāneh-ye Pā’īn and Fezyāneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 60 families.
 Oryan (Persian: عريان‎ also Romanized as ‘Oryān) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 426 in 110 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Nazamian (Persian: مزرعه ناظميان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Nāẓamīān) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sadabad (Persian: سعداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dābād) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 839 in 229 families.
 Pomielin [pɔˈmjɛlin] (German Pomehlen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Zalewo 20 km (12 mi) north of Iława and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Leiksandin is a village in Amarapura Township Mandalay District in the Mandalay Region of central Burma.It is located 8 miles south of Amarapura and had a population of 310 in 1891 and was reported to have paid RS. 390 in thathameda tax.
 Pist-e Eski-ye Kakan (Persian: پيست اسكي كاكان‎ also Romanized as Pīst-e Eskī-ye Kākān) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kolehjub-e Dartang (Persian: كله جوب درتنگ‎ also Romanized as Kolehjūb-e Dartang) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 38 families.
 Łosice [wɔˈɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Długołęka and 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 200.
 Toole Khurd is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal.
 Wężyk [ˈvɛ̃ʐɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nasiadki [naˈɕatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lelis 14 km (9 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 116 km (72 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Safotulafai is a traditional sub-district at the east end of Savai'i island with historical and political significance in Samoa's history. It is the traditional centre of Fa'asaleleaga political district. Safotulafai is the original 'Pule' which is why Savaii is called 'Pule' of Samoa. Years later Safotulafai chose to divide the 'Pule' into six while reserving the right to be the 'Matua' of 'Pule'.
 Rathmolyon /ræθmɒˈlaɪn/ rath-muu-LEYEN Irish: Ráth Máigh Laighin meaning ringfort of the Leinster Plain) is a village in the southern portion of County Meath Ireland situated 8 km south of Trim. It is situated at the junction of the R156 regional road and the R159 regional road connecting Trim to Enfield. Rathmolyon serves as a service center for the surrounding rural area.
 Tempoczów-Rędziny [tɛmˈpɔt͡ʂuf rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Skalbmierz 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Kazimierza Wielka and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Cheshmeh Chenar-e Tang Sorkh (Persian: چشمه چنارتنگ سرخ‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chenār-e Tang Sorkh; also known as Cheshmeh Chenār) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Radwańczewo [radvaɲˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skulsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Skulsk 30 km (19 mi) north of Konin and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shamlu (Persian: شاملو‎ also Romanized as Shāmlū) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 41 families.
 Kamareh-ye Hashem Beg (Persian: كمره هاشم بگ‎ also Romanized as Kamareh-ye Hāshem Beg) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 15 families.
 Świniary Wielkie [ɕfiˈɲarɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wołczyn 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Kluczbork and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.
 Łazarze [waˈzaʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Rajgród 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Grajewo and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Pieczew [ˈpjɛt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Orujabad (Persian: اروج اباد‎ also Romanized as Orūjābād; also known as Owchābād) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Chahar Bot (Persian: چهاربت‎ also Romanized as Chahār Bot; also known as Chahār Būt) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 27 families.
 A. Devarahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Yelandur taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Łęgowo [wɛnˈɡɔvɔ] (German: Langenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kisielice within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kisielice 17 km (11 mi) west of Iława and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 690.
 Tolombeh-ye Emanollah Qasemi (Persian: تلمبه امان اله قاسمي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Emānollah Qāsemī) is a village in Arad Rural District Arad District Gerash County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aboksar (Persian: ابكسر‎ also Romanized as Āboksar) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 35 families.
 Shah Neshin (Persian: شاه نشين‎ also Romanized as Shāh Neshīn; also known as Shahneshin) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Nepyan (Persian: نپيان‎ also Romanized as Nepyān; also known as Peyān) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 16 families.
 Doldim-e Bozorg (Persian: دلديم بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Doldīm-e Bozorg; also known as Doldīm) is a village in Blukat Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 33 families.
 Dunderrow (Irish: Dun Darú) is a small village in County Cork Ireland located on the R605 Regional Road between Innishannon and Kinsale. Dunderrow signifies the fortress of the oak-plain and the large dun from which it is called half a mile south of the village.
 Seksenuşağı is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Glinno [ˈɡlinnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Skoki 17 km (11 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Krajno-Parcele [ˈkrai̯nɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Górno and 16 km (10 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 430.
 Stare Rybitwy-Miszek [ˈstarɛ rɨˈbitfɨ ˈmiʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Zavar (Persian: زوار‎ also Romanized as Zavār) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 23 families.
 Arbat (Persian: اربط‎ also Romanized as Arbaţ; also known as Arband) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 33 families.
 Grabie [ˈɡrabjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Żychlin 21 km (13 mi) east of Kutno and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gabowe Grądy [ɡaˈbɔvɛ ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Al Fawwārah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Pink-e Bala (Persian: پينك بالا‎ also Romanized as Pīnk-e Bālā) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 70 families.
 Kolczyn [ˈkɔlt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Józefów nad Wisłą 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Opole Lubelskie and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Revora is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from Mapusa in Goa India. The village is famous for an ancient church. It comes in the purview of Tivim constituency. The basic occupation of the village is paddy cultivation. Revora lies on the banks of the river Chapora. People living on the banks of the river belonged to the fishing community and the river provided various types of seafood.
 Sipti is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4339 people living in 749 individual households.
 Perelisky (Ukrainian: Переліски) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Mostek [ˈmɔstɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gołcza 14 km (9 mi) west of Miechów and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 368.
 Słup Pierwszy [ˈswup ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Huligina Maradi is a village in the state of Karnataka India. It has a temple dedicated to Lord Srinivasa and is situated on a hill called Huligadri. It is also known as Dakshina Seshadri.
 Chathurangapara is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Huta Stara A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Poczesna 10 km (6 mi) south of Częstochowa and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 552.
 Deh-e Ali Hasan (Persian: ده علي حسن‎ also Romanized as Deh-e ‘Alī Ḩasan) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Engelum (West Frisian: Ingelum) is a small village in Menaldumadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 410 citizens (2004).
 Grabowe Pole [ɡraˈbɔvɛ ˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Suchy Dąb 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Pruszcz Gdański and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 220.
 Adamowo [adaˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Długosiodło 17 km (11 mi) north of Wyszków and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Eyvashan Golstan (Persian: ايوشان گلستان‎ also Romanized as Eyvashān Golestān; also known as Eyvashān ‘Eyvashān Seyl ‘Eyvashān Sīl and Yebāsūn) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 West Watta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kovukçınar is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Pain Marzbal (Persian: پايين مرزبال‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Marzbāl) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1110 in 246 families.
 Joševa is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Çevreli is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 116 people.
 Vadakampatti is a small village near Kalligudi a small town in Tirumangalam Taluk of Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.It is located 18 Kilometers from Tirumangalam.Most of people reside here are Velama Naidu's and Reddiyars. Off course a small portion of SC/ST people are also living in this village. This village is known for the famous God Muniyandi basically known as care taker of the village and its people.
 Abu Mahalleh (Persian: ابومحله‎ also Romanized as Abū Maḩalleh) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 59 families.
 Cieleśnica PGR is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Biała Podlaska and 115 km (71 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin. It is the site of a former collective farm (PGR).
 Jingadiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3628 people living in 639 individual households.
 Shir Mohammad Gargij (Persian: شيرمحمدگرگيج‎ also Romanized as Shīr Moḩammad Gargīj) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 8 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Var Posht Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stary Wiec [ˈstarɨ ˈvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liniewo within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Liniewo 23 km (14 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 134.
 Dari Ghazni (Persian: دري غزني‎ also Romanized as Darī Ghaznī) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mohammad Khan (Persian: محمدخان‎ also Romanized as Mohammed Khān; also known as Kalāteh-ye Moḩammad Khān Kalāt-e Mohammad Khān and Qalāteh Muhammad Khān) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Gawrychy [ɡaˈvrɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Zbójna 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Łomża and 98 km (61 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hulsoor is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It also consists of ancient Temple like Isampalli Devi Goddess Tulaja Bhavani Temple Basaveshwar Math. It is located in the Basavakalyan taluk of Bidar district in Karnataka.
 Inathukanpatti is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Morape Udagammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kiwity [kiˈvitɨ] (German: Kiwitten) is a village in Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kiwity.
 Zuran Tall (Persian: زوران تل‎ also Romanized as Zūrān Tall Zūrāntel Zoorantel and Zūrān Tal) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 91 families.
 Katekan (Persian: كتكان‎ also Romanized as Katekān and Kategān) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 48 families.
 Suznak (Persian: سوزنك‎ also Romanized as Sūznak) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 42 families.
 Obukhovka is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Berčevac is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 19 people.
 Khorramabad-e Laqu (Persian: خرم ابادلاقو‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād-e Laqū; also known as Khorramābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 12 families.
 Nowiny Brdowskie [nɔˈvinɨ ˈbrdɔfskʲɛ] (German: Neuhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Babiak 4 km (2 mi) south-east of Brdów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Koło and 125 km (78 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Çakmak is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Głuszyno [ɡwuˈʂɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Potęgowo 26 km (16 mi) east of Słupsk and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 272.
 Oppeid is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. The village is located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southwest of the town of Narvik. It is located right next to the village of Presteid on a small isthmus of land between the Kaldvågfjorden and the Presteidfjorden. The 0.77-square-kilometre (190-acre) village has a population (2011) of 497. The population density is 645 inhabitants per square kilometre (1670 /sq mi).
 Sochonie [sɔˈxɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wasilków and 10 km (6 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Su Gavaber (Persian: سوگوابر‎ also Romanized as Sū Gavāber) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Radowiec [raˈdɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Russów [ˈrussuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Kalisz and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qarah Aghaj-e Olya (Persian: قره اغاج عليا‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qarah Āqāj-e ‘Olyā and Qareh Āqāj-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 62 families.
 Kłopoty-Patry [kwɔˈpɔtɨ ˈpatrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kretki Małe [ˈkrɛtki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Osiek 10 km (6 mi) south of Brodnica and 58 km (36 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 365.
 Kokkallur is a village in Balussery Panchyat in Kozhikode district. People of this area earns their lives by farming. A higher secondary school village office Gramin Bank and telephone cxchange are the main government establishments. When India was under British powerKachery of British Police was situated near by area. This Kachery was burnt by freedom fighters in freedom struggle movement. This place is now known as Kachery kunnu.
 Shamlan (Persian: شملان‎ also Romanized as Shamlān) is a village in Azadeh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Mowtowr-e Mohammad Namdadifor Chah Hasan (Persian: موتورمحمدنمدادي فرچاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Moḩammad Mamdādīfor Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Eskeleh (Persian: اسكله‎; also known as Kūy-e Faraḩbakhsh and Kū-ye Faraḩ Bakhsh) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Meshgin-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 52 families.
 Nova Drenčina is a village in Croatia.
 Klekotiv (Ukrainian: Клекотів) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village formerly known as Klekotów was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Talambrun Ali Shir (Persian: تلمبرون علي شير‎ also Romanized as Tlambrūn ʿAlī Shīr) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Kadampur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Siekluki [ɕeˈkluki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dzierzążnia 6 km (4 mi) west of Płońsk and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ghose (B.K.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Porośl-Wojsławy [ˈpɔrɔɕl vɔi̯ˈswavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kani Jeshni (Persian: كاني جشني‎ also Romanized as Kānī Jeshnī; also known as Kānī Cheshnī) is a village in Sara Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 34 families.
 Kościanki [kɔɕˈt͡ɕanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Torule [tɔˈrulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Boćki 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 50.
 Chorzępowo [xɔʐɛmˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Sieraków 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Międzychód and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 91.
 İnköy is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 70 people.
 Darreh Tarik (Persian: دره تاريك‎ also Romanized as Darreh Tārīk) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Reguły [rɛˈɡuwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Pruszków and 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1000.
 Sarafand al-Amar (Arabic: صرفند العمار‎) was a Palestinian Arab village situated on the coastal plain of Palestine about 5 kilometers (3.1 mi) northwest of Ramla. It had a population of 1950 in 1945 and a land area of 13267 dunams. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
 Saramad (Persian: سرامد‎ also Romanized as Sarāmad) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Janmohammad Bazar (Persian: جان محمدبازار‎ also Romanized as Jānmoḩammad Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 27 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Chukhli Quyi Hajj Hasan Akhteri (Persian: قشلاق چوخلي قوئي حاج حسن اختري‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Chūkhlī Qūyī Ḩājj Ḩasan Ākhterī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 10 families.
 Korzeń [ˈkɔʐɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Teraqechi Kola (Persian: طرقچي كلا‎ also Romanized as Ţeraqechī Kolā; also known as Ţeraqīchī Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 87 families.
 Kahva (Persian: كهوا‎ also Romanized as Kahvā) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lubiczko [luˈbit͡ʂkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gręboszów within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Gręboszów 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Walentów [vaˈlɛntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Leszno 18 km (11 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 31 km (19 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Lisnyi Khlibychyn (Ukrainian: Лісний Хлібичин) is a village (selo) in western Ukraine. It is located on the Cheremkhivka river in the Kolomyiskyi Raion (district) of the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province).Other names for this town include Chlebiczyn Leśny Cóckarseió Chlebiczyn Leśny and Lesnoy Khlebichin.
 Rien is a small village in Littenseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 140 citizens (2004).
 Ndrouani is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 728.
 Słomiana [swɔˈmjana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Tolombeh-ye Ali Nur Nia Rahimabad (Persian: تلمبه علي نورنيارحيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAlī Nūr Nīā Raḥīmābād) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sparagovići is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D414 highway.
 Farj Emam (Persian: فرج امام‎ also Romanized as Farj Emām) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 19 families.
 Gornji Rakani (Cyrillic: Горњи Ракани) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Baswaria is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Mahmutlu Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Vahakulmu is a village in Tapa Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It lies on the Valgejõgi River where an impounded lake and ruins of watermill are situated.
 Bukor is a village in the municipality of Šabac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 818 people.
 Kalateh-ye Qannadan (Persian: كلاته قنادان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Qannādān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 7 families.
 Kocaköy Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Świerże [ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wohyń 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Radzyń Podlaski and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bojnu-ye Olya (Persian: بجنوعليا‎ also Romanized as Bojnū-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bojnū) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 108 families.
 Janczewo [janˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Santok within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Santok and 6 km (4 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 730.
 Salarıalaca is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Dzwonek [ˈd͡zvɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Czerwin 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 96 km (60 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 320.
 Hoàng Thanh is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Bronibór [brɔˈnibur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Avanlu (Persian: اوانلو‎ also Romanized as Āvānlū) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Boyuran-e Sofla (Persian: بيوران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Boyūrān-e Soflá; also known as Beyūrān-e Pā’īn and Boyūrān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1261 in 238 families.
 Kazimierz [kaˈʑimjɛʂ] (German: Kasimir Kashubian: Kadzëmiérz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosakowo within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kosakowo 11 km (7 mi) south of Puck and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 350.
 Cheshmeh Dozdak-e Sofla (Persian: چشمه دزدك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Dozdak-e Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Dozdak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Chenar Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 30 families.
 Łąkoć [ˈwɔnkɔt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 231.
 Sar Chah-e Khoshab (Persian: سرچاه خشاب‎ also Romanized as Sar Chāh-e Khoshāb; also known as Khashāveh Khashāweh Khowshāb and Khvosh Āb) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 Khasraj-e Mezban (Persian: خسرج مزبان‎ also Romanized as Khasraj-e Mezbān and Khasraj-e-Mazbān; also known as Khasraj and Khasraj-e-Nazbān) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 64 families.
 Changali Wala is a village in Sub division Lehragaga in Sangrur district in the state of Punjab. It is located 40 km to the south of District headquarters Sangrur 149 km from State capital Chandigarh. The Village was Founded by Late. Numberdar Kartar Singh Before the Name of village was Kartarpura later it was renamed Changali Wala because of many people of this village was arrived from Changal a Village in District Sangrur
 Darreh Shur (Persian: دره شور‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shūr and Darreh-ye Shūr; also known as Darrashar and Darreh Shar) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 427 in 108 families.
 Golujeh-ye Hasan Beyg (Persian: گلوجه حسن بيگ‎ also Romanized as Golūjeh-ye Ḩasan Beyg) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 40 families.
 Khvor-e Sofla (Persian: خورسفلي‎ also Romanized as Khvor-e Soflá) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 770 in 185 families.
 Afzalabad Doomak (Persian: افضل‌آباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Qāsemābād) is a village in Ramand-e Shomali Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 598 in 177 families.
 Petrovo Vrelo (Cyrillic: Петрово Врело) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Swanton is a village in the town of Swanton in Franklin County Vermont United States. It is sometimes called Swanton Village to distinguish it from the surrounding town of the same name. The population was 2548 at the 2000 census. It was founded in 1888.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād; also known as Jalālābād-e Dowlatqarin) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 29 families.
 Fediguth is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3531 living in 670 individual households.
 Župić is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D37 highway.
 Pustków-Krownice [ˈpustkuf krɔvˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Dębica and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dobra [ˈdɔbra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dobroszyce 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Oleśnica and 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 350.
 Bzianka [ˈbʑanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świlcza within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Świlcza and 8 km (5 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Rzepinek [ʐɛˈpinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Pawłów 10 km (6 mi) south of Starachowice and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Amissano is a village in the Mfantsiman Municipal district a district in the Central Region of Ghana. St. Augustine's College (Cape Coast) was founded in Amissano.
 KozhiBazar (Malayalam: കോഴിബസാര്‍) is a small village approximately 23 kilometers north from Kannur town in Kerala South India. This village comes under Madayi Panchayat. An historic monument Sulthan Canal flows through the Northen side of the Village which was said to be made by Tippu for his transportation benefits between Pazhayangadi River and Moolakkeel River.
 Dąbrówka Tczewska [dɔmˈbrufka ˈtt͡ʂɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Tczew and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 438.
 Radkowice-Kolonia [ratkɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Pawłów 10 km (6 mi) south of Starachowice and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Rzędziszowice [ʐɛnd͡ʑiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Karszew [ˈkarʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dąbie 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Koło and 139 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Róża [ˈruʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Słupca and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 140.
 Lawrence is a village in Nassau County New York in the USA. As of the United States 2010 Census the village population was 6483.The Village of Lawrence is in the southwest corner of the Town of Hempstead adjoining the border with the New York City borough of Queens to the west and near the Atlantic Ocean to the south.
 Carleton is a village in Monroe County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2345 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Ash Township and is served by Airport Community Schools.
 VenkataPuram is a village in Krishna district Andhra Pradesh India. The village population is 1500.[citation needed]
 Przeciszów [pʂɛˈt͡ɕiʂuf] is a village in Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przeciszów. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Oświęcim and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3996.
 Madan-e Sakhtman Firuzeh (Persian: معدن ساختمان فيروزه‎ also Romanized as Maʿdan Sākhtmān Fīrūezh) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piotrowo [pjɔˈtrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Słupca and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Twardosławice [tfardɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Grabica 4 km (2 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dmochy-Wochy [ˈdmɔxɨ ˈvɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kopaniec (German: Seifershau) [kɔˈpaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kamienica within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Ołobok [ɔˈwɔbɔk] (German: Mühlbock) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiecznica within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Osiecznica 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Bolesławiec and 127 km (79 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nowzad (Persian: نوزاد‎ also Romanized as Nowzād and Nauzad; also known as Nowzad Mo’men Abad) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 889 in 270 families.
 Tazehabad-e Vazir (Persian: تازه آباد وزير‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Vazīr; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 46 families.
 Drenovec is a village in Croatia.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 23 families.
 Pagodar (Persian: پاگدار‎ also Romanized as Pāgodār and Pā-ye Godār; also known as Pāgodār-e Maskūn) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Vršani (Cyrillic: Вршани) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Dustak (Persian: دوستك‎ also Romanized as Dūstak) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 384 in 87 families.
 Łopiszewo [wɔpiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Tut-e Sofla (Persian: توت سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tūt-e Soflá; also known as Māl-e Tīt and Māltīt) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 27 families.
 Maranovići is one of the oldest villages on Mljet in Croatia. The place is located on eastern part of the D120 highway that runs through the whole island. Olive production is the main occupation.Maranovici also has its parish church of Sveti Anton.
 Zavosht (Persian: زاوشت‎ also Romanized as Zāvosht) is a village in Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3802 in 936 families.
 Darestan (Persian: دارستان‎ also Romanized as Dārestān) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Haft Cheshmeh (Persian: هفتچشمه‎ also Romanized as Haftcheshmeh) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 63 families.
 Zgniłobłoty [zɡniwɔˈbwɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Brodnica and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Deralavi (Persian: درالوي‎ also Romanized as Derālavī) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 60 families.
 Darzi Mahalleh (Persian: درزي محله‎ also Romanized as Darzī Maḩalleh; also known as Dowzī Maḩalleh) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 35 families.
 Pain Kuh (Persian: پا ئين کوه‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Kūh; also known as Palkin and Pegin) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 597 in 141 families.
 Mianzulan (Persian: ميانزولان‎ also Romanized as Mīānzūlan and Mīān Zūlān; also known as Mūzelān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 51 families.
 Kordabad (Persian: کرد ابا د‎ also Romanized as Kordābād) is a village in Ab Bar Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Vetrovo is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Lipnica is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 621 people.
 Shurab (Persian: شوراب‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb and Shūr Āb) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 14 families.
 Donji Zovik (Serbian: Доњи Зовик) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wola Łagiewnicka [ˈvɔla waɡʲɛvˈnit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Bogacka Szklarnia [bɔˈɡat͡ska ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Bebek is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Sefidan (Persian: سفيدان‎ also Romanized as Sefīdān; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Sefīdān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Marz (Persian: مرز‎) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District Tukahur District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Biljeg is a village situated in Merošina municipality in Serbia.
 Zarzar (Persian: زرزر‎; also known as Raz Zarzar) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 608 in 116 families.
 DayaNagar is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7542 people living in 1265 individual households.
 Kümbet is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 98 people.
 Sar Band (Persian: سر بند‎) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Gilanbar-e Sofla (Persian: گيلانبرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Gīlānbar-e Soflá; also known as Gīlānbar-e Bālā) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 12 families.
 Okçular is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Tazeh Kand (Persian: تازه كند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Panāhī) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 31 families.
 Zir Kamareh (Persian: زيركمره‎ also Romanized as Zīr Kamareh and Zīrkamareh) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Ebrahim Khesar (Persian: ابراهيم خسار‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Khesār; also known as Ebrāhīm Ḩeşār and Ibrāhīm Hisār) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 31 families.
 Marakami (Persian: ماراكمي‎ also Romanized as Mārākamī; also known as Mārākūmī) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 34 families.
 Devetak is a village in Karnobat Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Kozija Luka is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Żarnowa [ʐarˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów within Strzyżów County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Dul Kalan (Persian: دول كلان‎ also Romanized as Dūl Kalān) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 23 families.
 Walkerville is a village in Oceana County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 247 at the 2010 census. The village is within Leavitt Township Michigan.
 Wyżnica-Kolonia [vɨʐˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Qaleh Abdol Robababad (Persian: قلعه عبدالرباب اباد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh ʿAbdol Robābābād) is a village in Zeynabad Rural District Shal District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 17 families.
 Qalaat al-Jandal (Arabic: قلعة الجندل) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Qalaat al-Jandal had a population of 3251 in the 2004 census.
 Tuleh Dar (Persian: توله در‎ also Romanized as Tūleh Dar; also known as Tūlādar) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dayr Ayyub (Arabic: دير أيوب ‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on March 6 1948 by the Givati and Sheva' brigades of Operation Nachshon. It was located 17.5 km southeast of Ramla situated close to Bab al-Wad. On attack the village was defended by the Jordanian Army but was mostly destroyed with the exception of few houses and the village cemetery.
 Gryżyna [ɡrɨˈʐɨna] (German: Greißings) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pasłęk 20 km (12 mi) east of Elbląg and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 30.
 Metslawier (West Frisian: Mitselwier) is a small village in Dongeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 920 citizens (2006).About half a mile to the north there is the Ropta windmill which is in good operational shape.
 Pócsa is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Arderancheh (Persian: اردرانچه‎ also Romanized as Ārderāncheh; also known as Ardāncheh) is a village in Hombarat Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 12 families.
 Sędzin-Kolonia [ˈsɛnd͡ʑin kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Garzhal-e Sofla (Persian: گرژال سفلي‎ also Romanized as Garzhāl-e Soflá) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 17 families.
 Nalloornad is a village in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Agatahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Pandavapura taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 Crni Lug is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D32 highway.
 Mostki [ˈmɔstki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Staszów and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 215.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 17 families.
 Tołkiny [tɔu̯ˈkinɨ] (German: Tolkynen (1938-45:Tolksdorf)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Korsze 11 km (7 mi) west of Kętrzyn and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Podwody-Kolonia [pɔdˈvɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pierszczewo [pjɛrʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Stężyca 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 163.
 Launiya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2454 people living in 427 individual households.
 Strupice [struˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 175.
 Sooru is a village in Tõlliste Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. It's located about 10 km northeast of the town of Valga. Sooru has a population of 295 (as of 2011) and an area of 14.62 km². Sooru borders the Väike Emajõgi River on its northeastern side.Sooru Manor was first mentioned in 1388 as Sore (also known as Soorhof Soor and Sora). Until its dispossession in 1920–1922 the manor had many owners. In 1922 a local elementary school was established in the manor house.
 Çakıllı is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 168 people.
 Alewali is a village in Shahkot. Shahkot is a city in the district Jalandhar of Indian state of Punjab.
 Drużyny [druˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Sawa is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2295 people living in 430 individual households.
 Nowy Mikielnik [ˈnɔvɨ miˈkʲɛlnik] (German: Neu Mickelnick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chandanhosur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Quài Tở is a commune (xã) and village of the Tuần Giáo District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Bolibana is a village and seat of the commune of Toridaga-Ko in the Cercle of Niono in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The village is 20 km north of Niono.
 Rumand (Persian: رومند‎ also Romanized as Rūmand) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zanganeh (Persian: زنگنه‎) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 51 families.
 Old Westbury is a village in Nassau County in the U.S. state of New York on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the 2010 United States Census the village population was 4671.The Incorporated Village of Old Westbury is located in both the Town of Oyster Bay and the Town of North Hempstead.Business Week dubbed Old Westbury as New York's most expensive suburb. Old Westbury Gardens has been recognized as one of the three best public gardens in the world by Four Seasons Hotels magazine.
 Stefanków [stɛˈfaŋkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Jasieniec 13 km (8 mi) east of Grójec and 41 km (25 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Mian Rud (Persian: ميانرود‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rūd) is a village in Kuhsaran Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 58 families.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 15 families.
 Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Nowy Tomyśl and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1020.
 Miraki (Persian: ميركي‎ also Romanized as Mīrakī) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 687 in 154 families.
 Khan Khanom (Persian: خان خانم‎ also Romanized as Khān Khānom) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 13 families.
 Golska Huta [ˈɡɔlska ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Yazdanabad-e Sharqi (Persian: يزدان ابادشرقي‎ also Romanized as Yazdānābād-e Sharqī; also known as Yazdānābād) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Gairami is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4645 people living in 714 individual households.
 Palle Deltota is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Polje Višnjica is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zakan (Persian: زاكان‎ also Romanized as Zākān; also known as Meshkīn Deh) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 83 families.
 Akbarabad-e Deh Baqer (Persian: اكبرابادده باقر‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Deh Bāqer; also known as Akbarābād and Akbarābād-e Herandī) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Đại Thành is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Borj-e Yusefi (Persian: برج يوسفي‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Yūsefī Borj Yūsefī and Borj Yūsofī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Zeydun District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 29 families.
 Rynki [ˈrɨŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Suraż and 21 km (13 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Aliabad-e Sofla (Persian: علي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Soflá; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 44 families.
 Mast Ali (Persian: مست علي‎ also Romanized as Mast ‘Alī) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dujman (Persian: دوجمان‎ also Romanized as Dūjmān) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 118 families.
 Rachocin [raˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Sierpc and 118 km (73 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 130.
 Suuresta is a village in Rae Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 54 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Quelossim ( Konkani: केळशी ) is a village in Salcette Taluk South Goa India. This village was known asKardalipura in ancient times and had a temple dedicated to the mother-goddess Shantadurga which was shifted to Kavale when the Portuguese demolished the shrine as a part of the inquisition. Prior to the Portuguese-era Quelossim was a center of the Goud Saraswat Brahmins in Goa. The famous Konkani poet Krishnadas Shama hailed from this village.
 Sar Parideh (Persian: سرپريده‎ also Romanized as Sar Parīdeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 13 families.
 Rejczuchy [rɛi̯ˈt͡ʂuxɨ] (German: Karolinenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولتاباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District Now Bandegan District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 14 families.
 Wólka Bosowska [ˈvulka bɔˈsɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Gnojno 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Złotki-Pułapki [ˈzwɔtki puˈwapki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Khun Hajji (Persian: خون حاجي‎ also Romanized as Khūn Ḩājjī) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Cham Tuyileh (Persian: چم طويله‎ also Romanized as Cham Ţūyīleh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Barseh (Persian: برسه‎ also Romanized as Baraseh) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 73 families.
 Jirikhimti is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2682 people living in 509 individual households.
 Kesuj (Persian: كسوج‎ also Romanized as Kesūj; also known as Kesūch Kosūch and Kosvach) is a village in Garmsir Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 22 families.
 Pięczkowo [pjɛnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has an approximate population of 1250.
 Sang Garan Kuh (Persian: سنگ گران كوه‎ also Romanized as Sang Garān Kūh) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 60 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Aqa Jani (Persian: تلمبه اقاجاني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Āqā Jānī; also known as Āqā Jānī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 18 families.
 Limakesh (Persian: ليماكش‎ also Romanized as Līmākesh; also known as Lamākesh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 17 families.
 Eslam Mahalleh (Persian: اسلام محله‎ also Romanized as Eslām Maḩalleh) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 543 in 144 families.
 Kruševica (Serbian: Крушевица) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Jezero is a village in the municipality of Bihać Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 426 in 106 families.
 Sabzeh Baluchi (Persian: سبزه بلوچي‎ also Romanized as Sabzeh Balūchī; also known as Sabz-e Balūchī) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Madaje Stare [maˈdajɛ ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dalików 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Poddębice and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Quytul (Persian: قويطول‎ also Romanized as Qūyţūl and Qūytūl) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 18 families.
 Qol Qoleh (Persian: قلقله‎; also known as Qol Qoleh-ye Reyjāb) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 26 families.
 Volanice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Aliabad Nazar Alivand (Persian: عالي ابادنظرعليوند‎ also Romanized as ʿĀlīābād Naẓar ʿAlīvand) is a village in Rumeshkhan-e Sharqi Rural District Rumeshkhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1175 in 255 families.
 Pashtal Sara (Persian: پشتل سرا‎ also Romanized as Pashtal Sarā; also known as Pashtār Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 11 families.
 Przyłęk [ˈpʂɨwɛŋk] (German: Frankenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bardo within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bardo 8 km (5 mi) south of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tang-e Man (Persian: تنگمان‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Mān; also known as Jamālābād) is a village in Tashan Rural District Riz District Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 144 families.
 Garab Dishmuk (Persian: گراب ديشموك‎ also Romanized as Garāb Dīshmūk) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 61 families.
 Galineh-ye Bozorg (Persian: گلينه بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Galīneh-ye Bozorg; also known as Galīneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 14 families.
 Mlecze [ˈmlɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Vermilion is a village in Stratton and Elbridge Township townships Edgar County Illinois United States. The population was 225 at the 2010 census.
 Behabad (Persian: بهاباد‎ also Romanized as Behābād; also known as Bahāābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1423 in 389 families.
 Morawy Wielkie [mɔˈravɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krzynowłoga Mała 12 km (7 mi) north of Przasnysz and 101 km (63 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Luadh is a village in the municipality of Zhepë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Lomnice (Sokolov District) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tolombeh-ye Estah Banati (Persian: تلمبه اصطهباناتي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Eṣṭah Bānātī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Naungpin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Lotfaliabad (Persian: لطفعلي اباد‎ also Romanized as Loţf‘alīābād) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 14 families.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Hoseynabad (Persian: موتورپمپ حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Ḩoseynābād; also known as Qarah Tappeh) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 34 families.
 Dalkhaki is a village in Samangan Province in northern Afghanistan.It lies 10 miles northwest of Aibak at an elevation of 3015 feet. The Tashkurgan River flows nearby where it cuts an east-west ridge. It had a reported 120 families in the 1979 census.
 Sakhibon (Persian: سخيبن‎ also Romanized as Sakhībon; also known as Sakhbon) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 39 families.
 Tazeh Kand-e Qadim (Persian: تازه كندقديم‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Qadīm; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Tazeh Kand District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2054 in 416 families.
 Rutan (Persian: روتان‎ also Romanized as Rūtān Rootan and Rowtān) is a village in Bemani Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 104 families.
 Çamyazı is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Darihak (Persian: دريهك‎ also Romanized as Darīhak and Dereyḩak; also known as Darmaḩak and Duraihak) is a village in Cham Khalaf-e Isa Rural District Cham Khalaf-e Isa District Hendijan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 89 families.
 Abdiyeh (Persian: عبديه‎ also Romanized as ʿAbdīyeh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Azarsetanaki (Persian: ازارستانكي‎ also Romanized as Āzārsetānakī; also known as Āzārsetān) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 82 families.
 Gornji Barbeš is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
 Dubičiai is a village in Kaniavos eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 388 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 291.
 Narma is a village. Its earlier name was Larma. It is situated at Paschim Medinipur district in West Bengal India. It is at a distance of 45 km (approx) from Kharagpur town. It is almost half of way between the road (22 km) joining Makhrampur and Temathani. This road passes through it dividing it into almost two equal parts. Balichak is the nearest railway station which is at a distance 30 km.It is the birthplace of Srila Bhakti Kumud Santa Maharaja. He was a great monk.
 Al-Sawafir al-Sharqiyya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Gaza Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 War on May 18 1948 as part of the second stage of Operation Barak. The village was located 32 km northeast of Gaza.In 1945 it had a population of 970. The village shared a school with the other two Sawafir villages and it had an enrollment of about 280 in 1945. The village had its own mosque.
 Lauveik is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Shahrak-e Posht Gach (Persian: شهرك پشت گچ‎; also known as Posht Gach) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 36 families.
 Mon Bijou is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Orahovice (Serbian: Ораховице) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ogonowo [ɔɡɔˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dobrotin is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 251 people.
 Góra [ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Abdangesar (Persian: ابدنگسر‎ also Romanized as Ābdāngesar) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 77 families.
 Norðragøta also just referred to as Gøta is a village on Eysturoy Faroe Islands.
 Poshtqaleh (Persian: پشت قلعه‎ also Romanized as Poshtqalʿeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 113 families.
 Ocieka [ɔˈt͡ɕeka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ostrów 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Ropczyce and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.(Between 1975-1998 Ocieka was in the Rzeszów Voivodeship). The village has a population of 1233 and lies on the main road between Ropczyce and Mielec.
 Sarut (Persian: سروت‎ also Romanized as Sarūt) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rostki Bajtkowskie [ˈrɔstki bai̯tˈkɔfskʲɛ] (German: Rostken (1938-45:Waiblingen)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Ełk and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rudki [ˈrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Chodzież and 67 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 29.
 Hojjatabad-e Kahnuj (Persian: حجت ابادكهنوج‎ also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād-e Kahnūj; also known as Ḩojjatābād) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Uchangidurga is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Harapanahalli taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Kahak (Persian: كهك‎; also known as Kerek) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 124 families.
 Lisówki [liˈsufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dopiewo and 21 km (13 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 121.
 Mierucin [mjɛˈrut͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Sośno 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Żuklin [ˈʐuklʲin] (Ukrainian: Жуклин Zhuklyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kańczuga 10 km (6 mi) south of Przeworsk and 33 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 450.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Siedlce and 97 km (60 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 79.
 Sipa Pokhare is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2515 and had 689 houses in the village.
 Święcany [ɕfjɛnˈt͡sanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skołyszyn within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Skołyszyn 14 km (9 mi) west of Jasło and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3000.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Grójec and 47 km (29 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 150.
 Nalavadi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gorno Nerezi (Macedonian: Горно Нерези) is a small village in the Republic of Macedonia located in the Karpoš municipality near Skopje and at an altitude of 771 meters (2532 feet). It is situated on the wooded slopes of Mt. Vodno covers a 7 km radius and has a population of 314 inhabitants mostly Albanians.Located in Gorno Nerezi is the Church of St. Panteleimon dedicated to the protector of health.
 Gach Tahmasabi (Persian: گچ طهماسبي‎ also Romanized as Gach Ţahmāsabī) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Samu (Persian: سمو‎ also Romanized as Samū and Samoo; also known as Sīmu) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Sarıkadılar is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 114 people.
 Thuladurlung is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1811.
 Homrud Bon (Persian: همرودبن‎ also Romanized as Homrūd Bon) is a village in Katra Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 26 families.
 Atashgah (Persian: اتشگاه‎ also Romanized as Ātashgāh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 382 in 66 families.
 Band-e Amir (Persian: بندامير‎ also Romanized as Band-e Amīr and Band Amīr) is a village in Alvir Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 44 families.
 Omm ol Gharib-e Kuchek (Persian: ام الغريب كوچك‎ also Romanized as Omm ol Gharīb-e Kūchek; also known as Omm-e Gharīb Omm-e Gharīb-e Kūchek Omm ol Qorb Omm ol Qorībeh and Umm al Gharab) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Puczniew-Leonów [ˈput͡ʂɲɛf lɛˈɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lutomiersk 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Sepaste is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Qareh Aghaj Rud (Persian: قره اغاج رود‎ also Romanized as Qareh Āghāj Rūd; also known as Qarah Āghāj) is a village in Soluk Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Dominiczyn [dɔmiˈnit͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Oneida Castle is a village in Oneida County New York United States. The population was 625 at the 2010 census.The Village of Oneida Castle is in the northwest corner of the Town of Vernon. Oneida Castle is east of the City of Oneida (located in Madison County) and west of the City of Sherrill in New York State.
 Vaso is a village located in Gujarat India. The zip code is 387380. Area code is 02682585/86.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Jamrud Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 96 families.
 Nafar Kheyl (Persian: نفرخيل‎) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 139 families.
 Bodzia [ˈbɔd͡ʑa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Włocławek and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of Toruń. Bodzia is also known for an archaeological find dated to the late 10th Century and early 11th Century containing graves of elite warriors. The grave goods suggest links to Nordic and Kievan Rus culture.
 Darageh-ye Lotfollah (Persian: درگه لطف اله‎ also Romanized as Darageh-ye Loţfollāh; also known as Darakeh-ye Loţfollāh) is a village in Almahdi Rural District Mohammadyar District Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 76 families.
 Czerniec [ˈt͡ʂɛrɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Trąbki Wielkie 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Pruszcz Gdański and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 146.
 Qoli Kandi (Persian: قلي كندي‎ also Romanized as Qolī Kandī) is a village in Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 17 families.
 Andar (Persian: اندر‎; also known as Hāneh and Hanneh) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 41 families.
 Jabuka is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 502 people. The village lies on the main road between Prijepolje and Pljevlja in Montenegro and is the first settlement in Serbia when crossing into the country.
 Juraszowa [juraˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Podegrodzie 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Nowy Sącz and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Wielkie Gacno [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ˈɡat͡snɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Cekcyn 18 km (11 mi) east of Tuchola and 58 km (36 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 130.
 Aliabad-e Tadayyon (Persian: علي ابادتدين‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Tadayyon) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1409 in 311 families.
 Damaghrig (Persian: دماغ ريگ‎ also Romanized as Damāghrīg) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 376 in 59 families.
 Lysøysundet is a village in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located in the northern part of the municipality near the island of Lauvøya and the end of the Åfjorden. It is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the village of Jøssund. The 0.65-square-kilometre (160-acre) village has a population (2009) of 298. The village is divided several areas: Lysøya Rømmen Hellesvika Tiltrem Olden Teksdal and Sundet.
 Baz Gir (Persian: بازگير‎ also Romanized as Bāz Gīr) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 808 in 202 families.
 Giaku (Persian: گياكو‎ also Romanized as Gīākū) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 30 families.
 Budy Kraszewskie [ˈbudɨ kraˈʂɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Raciąż 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kalateh-ye Abbas Javini (Persian: كلاته عباس جويني‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ʿAbbās Javīnī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Javīnī) is a village in Ghazi Rural District Samalqan District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 27 families.
 Przygodzice [pʂɨɡɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przygodzice. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of the town of Ostrów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 3000.
 Margha (Persian: مرغا‎ also Romanized as Marghā; also known as Morghāb) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Pravdolyub (Bulgarian: Правдолюб) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 205.476 kilometres (127.677 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 4.436 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 204 people.
 Begur Dharwad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gol Faraj (Persian: گل فرج‎; also known as Gulfaraj and Kal Faraj) is a village in Shoja Rural District in the Central District of Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 21 families.
 Rasulabad (Persian: رسول اباد‎ also Romanized as Rasūlābād) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 114 families.
 Feyzabad-e Kohneh (Persian: فيض ابادكهنه‎ also Romanized as Feyẕābād-e Kohneh and Feyzābād-e Kohneh; also known as Faizābād Feyẕābād Feyzābād and Feyẕābād-e Soflá) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District in the Central District of Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 68 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسین‌آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Wysowa-Zdrój [vɨˈsɔva ˈzdrui̯] (Ukrainian: Висова Vysova) is a spa village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Uście Gorlickie 25 km (16 mi) south of Gorlice and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 701.
 Przezwiska [pʂɛzˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Łowicz and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sang-e Sefid (Persian: سنگ سفيد‎ also Romanized as Sang-e Sefīd) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 18 families.
 Honnavile is a village in Shimoga district in the central part of the state of Karnataka. This place is located 2km from state highway BH road. Shimul or Shimoga Milk Union upcoming IT park near Machenahalli and Malnad Cancer Hospital are the prominent landmarks. The village code is 01275100 registered at Ministry of Home Affairs website.
 Kałużna [kaˈwuʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszyna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Olszyna 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Lubań and 118 kilometres (73 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Meng-u is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Tikiri is a village in Rayagada district of Orissa state in India.
 Nagórki-Jabłoń [naˈɡurki ˈjabwɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Zambrów and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Homoljac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D52 highway.
 Seyfabad (Persian: سيف اباد‎ also Romanized as Seyfābād) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 621 in 132 families.
 Kuligi [kuˈliɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Rajgród 19 km (12 mi) east of Grajewo and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Başmakçı is a village in the İskilip district of Çorum Province Turkey.According to some the geographic center of all terrestrial land on earth is located a few miles to the north of the village.
 Isjek (Cyrillic: Исјек) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Donji Ljubeš (Serbian: Доњи Љубеш) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 597 people.
 Karaali is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Bozmargan (Persian: بازمرگان‎ also Romanized as Bozmargān; also known as Bozmargī) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 569 in 144 families.
 Grbavci is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kariz (Persian: كاريز‎ also Romanized as Kārīz) is a village in Kharturan Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Jogimara is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5080 and had 927 houses in it.
 Olszynka [ɔlˈʂɨŋka] (German: Elsenfeld) is a part of the town Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.
 Zaręby Kościelne [zaˈrɛmbɨ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zaręby Kościelne. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 97 km (60 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 660.
 Zanguiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: زنگوييه عليا‎ also Romanized as Zangūīyeh-ye ‘Olyā and Zangoeeyeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Angeneh (Persian: انگنه‎ also Romanized as Anganeh; also known as Angyan and Angyana) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 628 in 168 families.
 Donje Punoševce is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 21 people.
 Bast-e Nar (Persian: بست نار‎ also Romanized as Bast-e Nār; also known as Bast-e Anār) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vučani is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway.
 Lasaung is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Gari Dasht Kuh (Persian: گري دشتكوه‎ also Romanized as Garī Dasht Kūh) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Feyzabad (Persian: فيض اباد‎ also Romanized as Feyẕābād Faizābād and Feyzābād) is a village in Tabas-e Masina Rural District Gazik District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 434 in 89 families.
 Veliko Trnjane is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1013 people.
 Filipki Małe [fiˈlipki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Kolno and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 66.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Dębica County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Bjørnfjell (Northern Sami: Bonjovárri) is a mountain and rural village area in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It's located along the Ofotbanen railway line and the European route E10 highway along the border with Sweden. There is a railway station and the Bjørnfjell Chapel as well as many cabins and homes in the area. The area is a popular vacation spot for residents of Narvik.
 Tawngbohla is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located east of Mongkun.
 Shishuvinahala also known as Shishunala (Kannada: ಶಿಶುವಿನಹಾಳ ಅಥವಾ ಶಿಶುನಾಳ ) is a village in Shiggaon taluk of Haveri district in the state of Karnataka India
 Zawadki [zaˈvatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Przasnysz and 91 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Ashtianeh (Persian: اشتيانه‎ also Romanized as Āshtīāneh and Āshteyāneh) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Žabare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 361 people.
 Williamsport is a village in Pickaway County Ohio United States. The population was 1023 at the 2010 census.
 Rohozec (Kutná Hora District) is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Braki [ˈbraki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Nowa Sucha 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Sochaczew and 61 km (38 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bogoria 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Staszów and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 139.
 Kuzyaka is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Hsohsa is a village in Hsi Hseng Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located northeast of the town of Loisawn. It is a primary agricultural village with extensive fields around it. The village is named after Hso Hsa Hpa a ruler of ancient Shan who was the son of Sao Pet Law.
 Gündüzbey is a village in the District of Söğüt Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 125 people.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walim within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Walim 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Wałbrzych and 65 kilometres (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 333.
 Trzebież [ˈtʂɛbjɛʂ] (formerly German Ziegenort) - is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Police and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 2500. It lies on the Szczecin Lagoon and has a harbour a marina a beach and a school of sailing.
 Banfash (Persian: بنفش‎) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Koti Lateh (Persian: كتي لته‎ also Romanized as Kotī Lateh; also known as Kotī Latak) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 128 families.
 Choroszczewo [xɔrɔʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tazehabad-e Amin (Persian: تازه آباد امين‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Amīn; also known as Majīd Khān Tāzehābād-e Majīdkhānī and Tāzehābād-e Moḩammad-e Amīn) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 50 families.
 Dłużka [ˈdwuʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 40 km (25 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Shah Qoliabad (Persian: شاه قلي آباد‎ also Romanized as Shāh Qolīābād; also known as Shāh Qolī) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 14 families.
 Tazeh Kand-e Muran (Persian: تازه كندموران‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Mūrān; also known as Tazeh Kand Tāzeh Kandeh-ye Zahrā and Tāzeh Kand-e Zahrā) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 27 families.
 Rasirik is a village on the west coast of New Ireland Papua New Guinea. It is located to the south of Labur. The government has exploited timber reserves in the area.
 Borjád is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Miłków [ˈmiu̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Siemień 3 km (2 mi) west of Parczew and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Toniszewo [tɔniˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gug Jalu (Persian: گوگ جلو‎ also Romanized as Gūg Jalū; also known as Gūgkhalū and Gūjlū) is a village in Zarrineh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 839 in 180 families.
 Falęcin Stary [faˈlɛnt͡ɕin ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Stopnica 17 km (11 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Chah-e Shomareh 5 Markuhak (Persian: چاه شماره 5ماركوهك‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh 5 Mārḵūhaḵ; also known as Chāh-e Mashāʿ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Shibarm (Persian: شيبرم‎ also Romanized as Shībarm) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District Bord Khun District Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Bastam Beg (Persian: بسطام بگ‎ also Romanized as Basṭām Beg; also known as Basţām Beyk) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 44 families.
 Havuzlu is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 85 people.
 Palsoda is a village in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.
 Rawicz [ˈravit͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Drużbice 12 km (7 mi) north of Bełchatów and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Terka [ˈtɛrka] (Ukrainian: Терка Terka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Solina 21 km (13 mi) south of Lesko and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 190.
 Kashir Mahalleh (Persian: كشيرمحله‎ also Romanized as Kashīr Maḩalleh) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 87 families.
 Seyyed Salman (Persian: سيدسلمان‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Salmān; also known as Seyyed Soleymān) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 11 families.
 Qaleh Nowruz (Persian: قلعه نوروز‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Nowrūz) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 85 families.
 Kotów [ˈkɔtuf] (Ukrainian: Котів Kotiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Bircza 26 km (16 mi) west of Przemyśl and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Niewodnica Kościelna [ɲevɔdˈnit͡sa kɔɕˈt͡ɕelna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Turośń Kościelna and 9 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 330.
 Firuzi (Persian: فيروزي‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzī) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 10 families.
 Sahalnawt is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Danişment is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 472 people.
 Tateh Rashid (Persian: تاته رشيد‎ also Romanized as Tāteh Rashīd and Tāteh-ye Rashīd; also known as Tatarashi and Tātārshī) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 58 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvʲɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mierzęcice within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Będzin and 22 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 809.
 Darreh Rud (Persian: دره رود‎ also Romanized as Darreh Rūd) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hamer Młyn [ˈxamɛr ˈmwɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lipnica 11 km (7 mi) south of Bytów and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 12.
 Kalik (Persian: كليك‎ also Romanized as Kalīk and Kolyak) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 31 families.
 Arabhavi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gokak taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka. There is a college of horticulture here attached to University of Horticulture Sciences Bagalkot.
 Brankówka [braŋˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 43 km (27 mi) north of Toruń.
 Mahat is an ekthariya Chhetri surname of Nepal having a Khasa root. Historically one of the Jumli Malla kings in medieval times made his younger brother Dharma Malla chief of army staffs entitling him as MAHAT (meaning The Great). Afterwards his descendants started writing Mahat as their surnames. Like other Khasa chhetris such as Thapa Basnyat Karki Khadka Rawat etc. Mahats are also Masta local non-vedic deity of Karnali region worshipers.
 Bieszewo [bjɛˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 50.
 Maruthuvakkudi is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Minamidaitō (南大東村 Minamidaitō-son) is a village located entirely on Minamidaitōjima in Shimajiri District Okinawa Prefecture Japan. Minamidaitōjima is located approximately 360 kilometres (220 mi) east of Okinawa Island. Minamidaitō covers 30.7 square kilometres (11.9 sq mi).As of June 2013 the city had a population of 1418 and a population density of 46.4 persons per km².
 Hoseyn Qeshlaqi Gurabazlu (Persian: حسين قشلاقي گورابازلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Qeshlāqī Gūrābāzlū; also known as Ḩoseyn Qeshlāqī) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Cegielnia Psucka [t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlɲa ˈpsut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Nasielsk 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 40 km (25 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Choveys-e Seh (Persian: چويس سه‎) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 19 families.
 Barkowo [barˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Człuchów and 127 km (79 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 381.
 Qarah Qurtan (Persian: قره قورتان‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qūrtān; also known as Ghara Ghoorkhan Qarah Qūrqān Qarāqorqān Qara Qurghān Qarā Qūrkhān Qareh Qorqān and Qareh Qūrqān) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District Ziaabad District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 28 families.
 Najdymowo [nai̯dɨˈmɔvɔ] (German Neudims) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Kierz Półwieski [ˈkʲɛʂ puu̯ˈvjɛski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kimeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كيمه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kīmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Alamabad (Persian: عالم اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālamābād) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kavaneh-ye Sharif (Persian: كاوانه شريف‎ also Romanized as Kāvāneh-ye Sharīf; also known as Gāvāneh and Kāvdāneh) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Pirana is a small village 8 km north of Tonk city in Tonk district situated near the base of a hill.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammadpur Mahmudi Musa (Persian: تلمبه محمدپورمحمودي موسي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammadpūr Maḩmūdī Mūsá) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gurangan (Persian: گورانگان‎ also Romanized as Gūrāngān; also known as Gūrāngah) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 25 families.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Gródek and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Krzyżanów [kʂɨˈʐanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Khurhuy (Persian: خورهوئ‎ also Romanized as Khūrhūy) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Dzwonowo [d͡zvɔˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.
 Jałowe [jaˈwɔvɛ] (Ukrainian: Ялове Yalove) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland near the border with the Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ustrzyki Dolne and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Tikar is a village in Bhilwara district in the state of Rajasthan India.
 Metsalõuka is a village in Salme Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Przymiarki [pʂɨˈmjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Chęciny and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 220.
 Ozhur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.This was a part of the Vettattnad kingdom in medieval times.
 Mojtame-ye Meskuni Siman (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني سيمان‎ also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Meskūnī Sīmān) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Nava is a village in Palamuse Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Pleasanton is a village in Buffalo County Nebraska United States. The population was 341 at the 2010 census. Pleasanton was once the terminus of the Omaha and Republican Valley Railway a Union Pacific line that ended in the 1940s.
 Ruszkówek [ruʂˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Tangi Sar (Persian: تنگي سر‎ also Romanized as Tangī Sar and Tangīsar; also known as Tangeh Sar) is a village in Gavrud Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1412 in 356 families.
 Vržerala is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hilarów [xiˈlaruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sabnie 13 km (8 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 90 km (56 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Mamesh Khan (Persian: ممش خان‎ also Romanized as Mamesh Khān) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 54 families.
 Joghdi (Persian: جغدي‎ also Romanized as Joghdī; also known as Joghdt) is a village in Shoqan Rural District Jolgeh Shoqan District Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 31 families.
 Okrąglik [ɔˈkrɔŋɡlik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Białobrzegi and 65 km (40 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Lipicze W is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Ahmad-e Naseri (Persian: احمدناصري‎ also Romanized as Aḩmad-e Nāşerī; also known as Aḩmad-e Nāẕerī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 23 families.
 Tabria is a village in Are Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Natalia [naˈtalja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 180.
 Bylin [ˈbɨlin] (German: Bienau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Venduruthy is a small island in Kochi India. It is now a part of the greater Willingdon Island. The isolated island is approachable only from the Ernakulam backwater channel.
 Halangoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Niedźwiedź [ˈɲɛd͡ʑvjɛt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Słomniki and 22 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 662.
 Otluk is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Minersville is a former village in Iowa County Wisconsin United States located in present day Dodgeville. Minersville and neighboring Dirty Hollow were annexed into Dodgeville in the mid-1800s. Minersville was located on modern day Spring Street.
 Kuňovice is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 455 in 116 families.
 Magaš is a village in the municipality of Bojnik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 204 people.
 Qaleh-ye Aslanian (Persian: قلعه اصلانيان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Aşlānīān; also known as Gala Kalāt and Qal‘eh) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 11 families.
 Marazad (Persian: مرازاد‎ also Romanized as Marāzad and Marāzād; also known as Mārāzāt) is a village in Daran Rural District in the Central District of Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 86 families.
 Toyone (豊根村 Toyone-mura) is a village located in Kitashitara District Aichi Prefecture Japan. As of 2010 the village had an estimated population of 1315 and a population density of 8.43 persons per km². The total area was 155.91 km².
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 74 families.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] (formerly German Laase) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielno within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Koszalin and 146 km (91 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 86.
 Ummathur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India.This historical village was once a capital of Ummathur king during the Vijayanagara Empire It is located in the Chamarajanagar taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Naplar (Persian: ناپلار‎ also Romanized as Nāplār; also known as Nāflār and Nāplār-e Bālā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sidorówka [ɕidɔˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jeleniewo 17 km (11 mi) north of Suwałki and 125 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mazraeh-ye Mehdiabad (Persian: مزرعه مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mehdīābād) is a village in Kamin Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Kuflew [ˈkuflɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Mrozy 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 57 km (35 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 220.
 Balkaynak is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 76 people.
 Punaroor is a village in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka India. Punarur can be reached from either from Suratkal or Mulky. The Vishwanatha Temple in Punaroor attracts thousands of devotees. There are marriage halls within the temple premises. Many marriages takes place here per Hindu tradition. Harikrishna Punaroor a native of the village has been president of Karnataka Sahitya Parishat.
 Zawidz [ˈzavit͡s] is a village in Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zawidz. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Sierpc and 102 km (63 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 900.
 Chyżne [ˈxɨʐnɛ] (Slovak: Chyžné) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Jabłonka 26 km (16 mi) west of Nowy Targ and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1200.
 Kittali (Kannada ಕಿತ್ತಲಿ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Phulwariwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Chaker Bazar (Persian: چاكربازار‎ also Romanized as Chāker Bāzār; also known as Shāker Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 48 families.
 Kani Holucheh (Persian: كاني هلوچه‎ also Romanized as Kānī Holūcheh; also known as Holūcheh) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 36 families.
 Chyasing Kharka is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2628 and had 501 houses in it.
 Partaleh (Persian: پرتاله‎ also Romanized as Partāleh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Bilavar Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 20 families.
 Maslavi (Persian: مصلاوي‎ also Romanized as Maşlāvī and Maslāvī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 823 in 185 families.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Qaleh Now Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8579 in 2106 families.
 Michal na Ostrove (Hungarian: Szentmihályfa Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈsɛntmihaːjfɒ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Derikha (Persian: دريخا‎ also Romanized as Derīkhā; also known as Derīkhvāh) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District in the Central District of Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 30 families.
 Uzdin (Serbian Cyrillic: Уздин Romanian: Uzdâni) is a village located in the Kovačica municipality in the South Banat District of Serbia. It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. The village has a Romanian ethnic majority(76.42%) and its population is 2467 (2002 census).At the turn of the 20th century its population was approximately 7000.
 Sarband (Persian: سربند‎) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also known as Jū Kārīz) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 31 families.
 Kęsów [ˈkɛ̃suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Opatowiec 14 km (9 mi) east of Kazimierza Wielka and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Abadiye is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 233 people.
 Trzebniów [ˈtʂɛbɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegowa within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Niegowa 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Myszków and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Tìa Dình is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên Đông District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam. The commune covers an area of 98.82 square kilometres and has a reported population of 2468.
 Sohra Qaleh Shazadeh (Persian: صحراقلعه شازده‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrā Qal‘eh Shāzadeh) is a village in Karkevand Rural District in the Central District of Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ristipalo is a village in Räpina Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Żohatyn [ʐɔˈxatɨn] (Ukrainian: Жогатин) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Bircza 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 160.
 Kastna is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Kondor (Persian: كندر‎ also Romanized as Kondar and Kundar) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 21 families.
 Godbout is a village municipality in the Côte-Nord region of Quebec Canada. It is located at the mouth of the Godbout River on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River.Godbout is accessible via Quebec Route 138 and by ferry from Matane.
 Qezeljeh-ye Sadat (Persian: قزلجه سادات‎ also Romanized as Qezeljeh-ye Sādāt; also known as Qezeljeh) is a village in Alan Baraghush Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 53 families.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād; also known as Boneh-ye Qarẕ ‘Alī) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Varbola is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Pomiany [pɔˈmjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Jeziora Wielkie 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Mogilno 62 km (39 mi) south-west of Toruń and 66 km (41 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 60.
 Kukary (Persian: كوكرئ‎ also Romanized as Kūkary) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sureh Barq (Persian: سوره برق‎ also Romanized as Sūreh Barq; also known as Sorābar Surabara and Sūrbāq) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 34 families.
 Reeseville is a village in Dodge County Wisconsin United States. The population was 708 at the 2010 census.
 Gençali is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°21′N 33°26′E its situated is the Toros Mountains to the east of Göksu River valley. Its distance to Mut is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) and to Mersin is 173 kilometres (107 mi). The village was founded by two Turkmen tribes named Koçaşlı and Meçesli. The population of Gençali was 294 as of 2012. Main economic activity is agriculture.
 Kazemabad (Persian: كاظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 49 families.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 66 families.
 Ebrahim Beyglu (Persian: ابراهيم بيگلو‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Beyglū) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 14 families.
 Razhdak is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Jarri (Persian: جري‎ also Romanized as Jarrī and Jarī) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 90 families.
 Zygmunty [zɨɡˈmuntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krypno within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Krypno 17 km (11 mi) south of Mońki and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Arabshah (Persian: عربشاه‎ also Romanized as ‘Arabshāh) is a village in Ansar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 538 in 104 families.
 Bani Naameh-ye Jonubi (Persian: بني نعامه جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Banī Na‘āmeh-ye Jonūbī and Banīna‘āmeh-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 24 families.
 Donja Pološnica is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 97 people.
 Kartij Kola (Persian: كارتيج كلا‎ also Romanized as Kārtīj Kolā and Kartīj Kolā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 504 in 142 families.
 Akshiy (Kazakh: Ақши) is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan. Akshiy is located along the A351 highway to the east of Baltabay.
 Tinu is a village in Tõlliste Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 6 (as of 1 January 2010).[citation needed]
 Grabin [ˈɡrabin] (German: Gröben; before 1928: Groß Gröben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Ostróda and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Torab-e Sofla (Persian: تراب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Torāb-e Soflá; also known as Torāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rak Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Hasanabad-e Tabarqu (Persian: حسن ابادتبرقو‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Tabarqū; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 28 families.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Koçcağız is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Darreh Piri (Persian: دره پيري‎ also Romanized as Darreh Pīrī) is a village in Zalian Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 26 families.
 Belenli is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Lương An Trà is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Akşahap is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bekkeri is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Raybag taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Hasanabad-e Layen-e Now (Persian: حسن ابادلائين نو‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Lāyen-e Now; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2664 in 646 families.
 Przydziałki [pʂɨˈd͡ʑau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Lalu is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4067 people living in 695 individual households.
 Kusače (Cyrillic: Кусаче) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Han Pijesak.
 Łaziska [waˈʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Staszów and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 173.
 Changavareh (Persian: چنگاوره‎ also Romanized as Changāvareh) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pijanów [piˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Słupia 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Końskie and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 180.
 Bojanówka [bɔjaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wohyń 9 km (6 mi) east of Radzyń Podlaski and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kielczykowizna [kʲɛlt͡ʂɨkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rovereta is a village (curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the municipality (castello) of Serravalle. Its name in Italian language refers to a wood of Sessile Oaks.
 Pir Bolagh (Persian: پيربلاغ‎ also Romanized as Pīr Bolāgh; also known as Fir Bulāq and Pīr Bolāghī) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Yolpınar is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Takht-e Qeysar (Persian: تخت قيصر‎ also Romanized as Takht-e Qeyşar; also known as Takht-e Āzādī) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1266 in 246 families.
 Pain Mahalleh-ye Lafmejan (Persian: پائين محله لفمجان‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Lafmejān) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 54 families.
 Olszowo [ɔlˈʂɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ab Gareyu (Persian: اب گريو‎ also Romanized as Āb Gareyū) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 5 families.
 Bükkösd is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Anovi (Persian: عنوي‎ also Romanized as ʿAnovī; also known as Anovī-ye Pelāsī Pālāsī and Takhteh Pūrī-ye Pelāsī) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 345 in 78 families.
 Samarin (Persian: ثمرين‎ also Romanized as 'S̄amarīn and S̄omarīn) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3146 in 711 families.
 Nowjeh Deh Daraq (Persian: نوجه ده درق‎ also Romanized as Nowjeh Deh Daraq and Nowjeh-ye Deh Daraq; also known as Darreh Noqadī Mollā Yaḩyá Darreh Nowqadī Mollā Yaḩyá Noojeh Deh Daragh Tūrān Now Deh and Turan-Nuvedi) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 28 families.
 Ramblones is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Roosna is a village in Ambla Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Barbatovac is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 356 people.
 Parvarijabad (Persian: پروريج اباد‎ also Romanized as Parvarījābād; also known as Parvanābād) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 78 families.
 Bachhayauli is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8338 people living in 1356 individual households.
 Ask is the administrative centre of Gjerdrum municipality Norway. Its population (2005) is 1038.Ask contains a community centre schools kindergartens training centre shops pub restaurants and hotel according to public information.
 Kolonia Krzemieniewice [kɔˈlɔɲa kʂɛmjɛɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Gorzkowice 23 km (14 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gharibabad-e Allah Dad (Persian: غريب ابادالله داد‎ also Romanized as Gharībābād-e Allah Dād; also known as Moḩammadābād; also known as Gharībābād) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 12 families.
 Bujačić is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 357 people.
 Qarah Jangal (Persian: قره جنگل‎ also Romanized as Qareh Jangal; also known as Qareh Jagal) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 118 families.
 Seljani (Cyrillic: Сељани) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Falęcin [faˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Staroźreby 31 km (19 mi) east of Płock and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 Shalku (Persian: شالكو‎ also Romanized as Shālkū Shalkoo and Shālakū; also known as Masjed Shālīkū Masjid Shālīku and Shālīkūh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 683 in 190 families.
 Senjilik (Persian: سنجيليك‎ also Romanized as Senjīlīk; also known as Sanḩalak and Senjīk) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 29 families.
 Sangar Maharu (Persian: سنگرماهرو‎ also Romanized as Sangar Māharū) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Blystadlia is a village in Rælingen municipality Norway located near the southern border towards Lørenskog. Blystadlia was built in the 1970s and has about 4000 inhabitants.[citation needed]Gardermoen is an area in Ullensaker Norway. In 1998 it had a population of 259 people.
 Sheybani (Persian: شيباني‎ also Romanized as Sheybānī) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 40 families.
 Stare Orenice [ˈstarɛ ɔrɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Mantonhe is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Maheswarpur (Bengali মহেশ্বরপুর (also spelled Moisapur) is a small village in Chinsurah subdivision of Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal). It is on the crossing of National Highway 2(NH 2 also known as Durgapur Expressway) and 17-18 Bus Route. This village is 6 km from Singur. The nearest railway station of Maheswarpur is Dhaniakhali via Howrah-Burdwan chord line and the nearest Howrah-Burdwan main line station is Chinsurah.
 Bajereh (Persian: باجره‎ also Romanized as Bājereh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 28 families.
 Anjullón is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محمود اباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Ḩowz Kholeh) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District in the Central District of Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 12 families.
 Kravarevo (Serbian: Краварево) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kotki [ˈkɔtki] (German Krausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 27.
 Kuruva is a small village in the Kannur District of Kerala South India. It is located between Kannur City and Thottada.Kuruva was once known for its beedi manufacturing but this industry no longer exists in the village.The Sree Narayana Guru Smaraka Vayanasala were witnessed for many incidents during the Indian independence movement. Many of the local meetings were held here. There were many agricultural activities in the village. But now all the fields have become residential areas.
 Borów Polski [ˈbɔruf ˈpɔlski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Nowe Miasteczko 12 km (7 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 100.
 Ballipadar is a village under Buguda block of Ganjam district located in Odisha India. It is also a Grama Panchayat consists of 3 villages which are Balipadar Sadasibapur Sasan and Sana Balipadar. It has about 15000 inhabitants. About 15 to 20 small villages depend upon Ballipadar on a daily basis. Ballipadar is in a transition phase between a village and a small city. It serves as a small-scale commercial center. Most people are occupied in the farming sector or run a small business.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] (German: Greulsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Młynary 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Elbląg and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 110.
 Knez Selo is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Czerskie Rumunki [ˈt͡ʂɛrskʲɛ ruˈmunki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Barveh (Persian: بروه‎) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Hertu is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Golablu (Persian: گلابلو‎ also Romanized as Golāblū) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 20 families.
 Tyrowo [tɨˈrɔvɔ] (German: Thyrau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Ostróda and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 860.
 Aksinir is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Karalar is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey..Karalar is also thought to be the place of the ancient Galatian city of Blucium/Blocium/Bloukion.
 Tanamuna is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4859 people living in 922 individual households.
 Udovice is a village in the municipality of Smederevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2018 people.
 Boneh Posht (Persian: بنه پشت‎) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 16 families.
 Uyurca is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Bladowo-Wybudowanie [blaˈdɔvɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-west of Tuchola and 55 km (34 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Hırka is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Sorkheh Misheh (Persian: سرخه ميشه‎ also Romanized as Sorkheh Mīsheh; also known as Sorkheh Mesheh Sorkh Mīsheh and Surkha-Masha) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 343 in 75 families.
 Aleksandrów [alɛkˈsandruf] is a village in Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Aleksandrów. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 500.
 Arupäälse is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Vashian-e Karim Hoseyn (Persian: واشيان كرم حسين‎ also Romanized as Vāshīān-e Karim Ḩoseyn) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 16 families.
 Gulbity [ɡulˈbitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Morąg 26 km (16 mi) north of Ostróda and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 About this sound Malm is a former municipality a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. Malm is located along the Trondheimsfjord about a 32-kilometre (20 mi) drive west from the town of Steinkjer. The 1.43-square-kilometre (350-acre) village of Malm has a population (2009) of 1572. The population density of Malm is 1099 inhabitants per square kilometre (2850 /sq mi).
 Manieczki [maˈɲet͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Brodnica 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Śrem and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1100.
 Ruusa is a village in Räpina Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Derewiczna [dɛrɛˈvit͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Komarówka Podlaska 21 km (13 mi) east of Radzyń Podlaski and 65 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 606.
 Głodno [ˈɡwɔdnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Krzymów 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Konin and 102 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajj Shirin Mosib (Persian: قشلاق حاج شيرين مصيب‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Shīrīn Moṣīb) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 33 families.
 Sangdan (Persian: سنگ دان‎ also Romanized as Sangdān) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łabunie [waˈbuɲe] is a village in Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łabunie. It lies some 10 kilometres (6 mi) southeast of Zamość and 86 km (53 mi) southeast of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1670.
 Chah-e Mohammad Hajji (Persian: چاه محمدحاجي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩammad Hājjī Chāh-e Moḩammad Hājī Chāh Ḩājjī Moḩammad Chah Mohammad Haji and Chāh Moḩammad Ḩājjī; also known as Muhammad Hājī) is a village in Fal Rural District Galleh Dar District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 648 in 109 families.
 Ankale is a village in Hukkeri Taluk Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Osiecko [ɔˈɕet͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zębowice within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Zębowice 11 km (7 mi) south of Olesno and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.
 Bakuła [baˈkuwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Baranowo 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 113 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Vihovići (Cyrillic: Виховићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Teshniz (Persian: تشنيز‎ also Romanized as Teshnīz and Tashniz) is a village in Kiar-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1639 in 433 families.
 Rodijelj is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Siemieniczki [ɕɛmjɛˈnit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Kutno and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wieleń Zaobrzański [ˈvjɛlɛɲ zaɔˈbʐaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemęt within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Przemęt 20 km (12 mi) south of Wolsztyn and 71 km (44 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 200.
 Uda Galadebokke is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Babayakup is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Szklarnia [ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubliniec and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 78.
 Cham Zeytun-e Eslamabad (Persian: چم زيتون اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Cham Zeytūn-e Eslāmābād; also known as Cham-e Zeytūn and Cham Zeytūn) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Joghghal-e Khvayeh (Persian: جغال خوايه‎ also Romanized as Joghghāl-e Khvāyeh; also known as Joghghāl-e Bālā) is a village in Jaffal Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1260 in 202 families.
 Sikuri (Persian: سيكوري‎ also Romanized as Sīḵūrī; also known as Sīgarī) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 11 families.
 Beykabad (Persian: بك اباد‎ also Romanized as Beykābād; also known as Beygābād) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kruszyn Krajeński [ˈkruʂɨn kraˈjɛɲski] (German: Deutsch-Kruschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białe Błota within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Białe Błota and 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 1000.
 Zargar (Persian: زرگر‎) is a village in Gowg Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 926 in 197 families.
 Gojsalići is a village in the municipality of Kladanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pelican Narrows is a northern village in Saskatchewan located 120 km northwest of Creighton via the Hanson Lake Road and Highway 135. Its name in Cree is Opawikoscikcan which means The Narrows of Fear. The community is northwest of the narrows that join Mirond and Pelican Lakes which lie between the Sturgeon-Weir and Churchill River systems. Pelican Narrows is the administrative centre for the Peter Ballantyne Cree Nation and the majority of the townsite is reserve land.
 Mazraeh-ye Chengi Zard Chin (Persian: مزرعه چنگيزاردچين‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Chengī Zārd Chīn) is a village in Kamin Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Løkken Verk (sometimes just called Løkken) is a village in the municipality of Meldal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Svorkmo (in Orkdal) 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) east of Bjørnli and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the municipal center of Meldal. The 1.85-square-kilometre (460-acre) village of Løkken Verk has a population (2009) of 974. The population density is 526 inhabitants per square kilometre (1360 /sq mi).
 Netravali (Konkani:नेत्रावळी) is a census town in Sanguem taluka South Goa district in the state of Goa India.
 Donja Jutrogošta (Serbian: Доња Јутрогошта) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 New Richmond also known as New Richmond on the Ohio is a village in Ohio and Pierce townships in Clermont County Ohio United States founded 1814 along the Ohio River. The population was 2582 at the 2010 census.
 Entradas is a Portuguese town/parish within the boundaries of the municipality of Castro Verde in the southern Alentejo region. It covers an area of 76 square kilometres (29 sq mi) and contains 774 registered inhabitants (2009). The population density is approximately 10.2 inhabitants per km².It received its town charter from Manuel I of Portugal in 1510 and was the county seat until 1836 when it was integrated into the municipality of Castro Verde.
 Salman Sheykha (Persian: سلمان شيخا‎ also Romanized as Salmān Sheykhā) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Koreh (Persian: كره‎ also Romanized as Koroh; also known as Kūr Au) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 127 families.
 Masha-ye Yek Sheykh Ali Armeghan (Persian: مشاع 1شيخ علي ارمغان‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Yek Sheykh ʿAlī Ārmeghān) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rudka-Skroda [ˈrutka ˈskrɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Kolno and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 75.
 Maneh-ye Pain (Persian: منه پايين‎ also Romanized as Maneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Manneh-ye Pāeen) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 25 families.
 Zamrzenica [zamʐɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Lubiewo 15 km (9 mi) south of Tuchola and 40 km (25 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 48.
 Garaik (Persian: گرائيك‎ also Romanized as Garā’īk) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 45 families.
 Sarleyleh (Persian: سرليله‎; also known as Sarleyl) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 38 families.
 Hasići (Ključ) is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Olszówka [ɔlˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przykona 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Turek and 123 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Jaźwiny [jaʑˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād and Hosein Abad; also known as ’oseynābād) is a village in Tang-e Narak Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 464 in 79 families.
 Qaleh Jeqqeh (Persian: قلعه جقه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jeqqeh) is a village in Saheb Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 29 families.
 Pokowalska [pɔkɔˈvalska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Augustów [auˈɡustuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przasnysz and 81 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Wyżnianka-Kolonia [vɨʐˈɲaŋka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Podkrasne [pɔtˈkrasnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sihorwa is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2881 persons living in 478 individual households.
 Sar Chat (Persian: سرچات‎ also Romanized as Sar Chāt) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ucharpi is a Village in Mehsana district in the Indian state of Gujarat. It is a village of Anjana Chaudhari situated on the bank of Khari river. Before independence it was a part of Viramgam taluka therefore the villagers of Ucharpi were called Public of Viramgam. Ucharpi has many famous temples one of which Sankat Mochan Hanuman Mandir which is on the road of Chitroda Village.
 Ghargaon is an old village in a Tehsil Shrigonda in Ahmednagar district in the Indian state of Maharashtra State . And 190 km distance from its State Main City Mumbai.
 Mavardian (Persian: ماورديان‎ also Romanized as Māvardīān) is a village in Lulaman Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 551 in 138 families.
 Wielogóra [vjɛlɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Samborzec 10 km (6 mi) west of Sandomierz and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Rahiz (Persian: رهيز‎ also Romanized as Rahīz) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 487 in 111 families.
 Yeşilbağ is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Tsitre is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia on the territory of Lahemaa National Park.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq; also known as Gheshlagh and Qeshlāg) is a village in Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 46 families.
 Yenice Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Chynów 20 km (12 mi) east of Grójec and 39 km (24 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Zgliczyn-Glinki [ˈzɡlit͡ʂɨn ˈɡliŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jurki [ˈjurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Świętajno 11 km (7 mi) west of Olecko and 126 km (78 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Marewad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Devita is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tolombeh Hay-e Hasanabad (Persian: تلمبه هاي حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh Hāy-e Ḩasanābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuljenovci (Serbian: Куљеновци) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ruđinci is a village in the municipality of Vrnjačka Banja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2019 people.
 Pinpalu is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies on the Chindwin River north of Kawya.
 Blijham (Dutch pronunciation: [blɛiˈɦɑm]) is a village with a population of 2105 in the municipality of Bellingwedde in the Netherlands.
 Pachim Samaria is a village in Kamrup situated in north bank of river Brahmaputra .
 Behabad (Persian: به اباد‎ also Romanized as Behābād) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 649 in 155 families.
 Talkhab-e Shirin (Persian: تلخاب شيرين‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Shīrīn and Talkh Āb-e Shīrīn) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1145 in 233 families.
 Błomino Gumowskie [bwɔˈminɔ ɡuˈmɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Illuppaiyur is a village in Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India. The village is near the river Kundaru. Illupai trees are found in abundance in this area; the village gets its name from this.Mostly two communities reside here Nadar and Chettiar. Illuppaiyur has more than five temples.
 Mianej (Persian: ميانج‎ also Romanized as Mīānej; also known as Mīāneh and Miyana) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 46 families.
 Kalateh-ye Mown (Persian: كلاته معاون‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mʿown) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Kavilo (Serbian Cyrillic: Кавило Hungarian: Rákóczitelep or Kavilló) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bačka Topola municipality in the North Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority. Its population was 233 in the 2002 census.
 Dobieszyn [dɔˈbjɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Stromiec 17 km (11 mi) east of Białobrzegi and 68 km (42 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 370.
 Dikilitaş is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Nibuwakharka is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3977 people living in 715 individual households.
 Kubryk [ˈkubrɨk] (German: Kuhbrücke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Milicz and 35 kilometres (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mazraeh-ye Fakhrabi (Persian: مزرعه فخرابي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Fakhrābī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Marynopole [marɨnɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Gościeradów 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Furus (Marathi: फुरूस)is a village in the Ratnagiri district of India. It is mainly populated by Konkani Muslims. Furus is believed to be named by Persians who came here to trade in horses (horse: فارسی Persian). The main language spoken in Furus is Kokni (not to be confused with Goan Konkani) a blend of Bankoti Sangameshwari and Marathi infused with words of Arabic Urdu and Persian origin.
 Gnuszyn [ˈɡnuʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzypsko Wielkie within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Chrzypsko Wielkie 28 km (17 mi) east of Międzychód and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tolombeh-ye Afshar va Sheybani (Persian: تلمبه افشاروشيباني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Afshār va Sheybānī) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Mochowo-Parcele [mɔˈxɔvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gruszów [ˈɡruʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pałecznica within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Neeme Saare County is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Zarrin (Persian: زرين‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn and Zarīn; also known as Ḩājjīābād-e Zarrīn) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pain Zarrin Kola (Persian: پايين زرين كلا‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Zarrīn Kolā; also known as Zarrīn Kolā and Zarrīn Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Larim Rural District Gil Khuran District Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1093 in 304 families.
 Fontana-on-Geneva Lake is a village in Walworth County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1672 at the 2010 census.
 Rębiechów [rɛmˈbjɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kobylin 18 km (11 mi) west of Krotoszyn and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rahuste is a village in Salme Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Krásná Ves is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Barcice [barˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz within Nowy Sącz County Masovian Małopolskie in south Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Stary Sącz 15 km (9 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 120 km (75 mi) south of Cracow.The village has a population of 2000.
 Sadpur is a village in Muzaffarnagar of Uttar Pradesh in northern India. It is located at 29.33° N 77.85° E. It has an average elevation of 232 metres (761 feet). Its population is around 4000.Primary school sadpur is located in the village.
 Karşıgeçit is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 179 people.
 Chahar Mahal (Persian: چهارمحل‎ also Romanized as Chahār Maḩāl and Chahār Maḩall) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District Rig District Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 106 families.
 Samak (Persian: سمك‎ also Romanized as Samk; also known as Sanmak Sīmak and Simorgh) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 44 families.
 Role [ˈrɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łuków and 82 km (51 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kala (Persian: كلا‎ also Romanized as Kalā) is a village in Tatarestaq Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 23 families.
 Kumbalam is a place in Kollam district of Kerala India. It has a population of around 4000 and is a part of Perayam grama panchayat. It is in the bank of Astamudi lake and houses an international school. Nearby places are Karikuzhi Kottappuram and Perayam.
 Pir Mohammad Zahedan (Persian: پیرمحمد ‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 15 families.
 Qush-e Alijan (Persian: قوش عليجان‎ also Romanized as Qūsh-e ‘Alījān; also known as Qūsh-e ‘Alī Khān) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 848 in 190 families.
 Altamont is a village in Daviess County Missouri United States. The population was 204 at the 2010 census.
 Asadabad-e Lateh Kuh (Persian: اسدابادلته كوه‎ also Romanized as Āsadābād-e Lateh Kūh) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Garich (Persian: گريچ‎ also Romanized as Garīch) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Khosrowjerd (Persian: خسروجرد‎ also Romanized as Khosrow Gerd Khosrow Jerd and Khusro Gird; also known as Khosrow Gard Bāresh and Khosrow Gerd Abāresh) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1325 in 421 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Bazargani (Persian: مزرعه بازرگاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bāzargānī) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bozan (Persian: بزان‎ also Romanized as Bozān) is a village in Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 39 families.
 Yan Cheshmeh (Persian: يان چشمه‎ also Romanized as Yān Cheshmeh and Yān Chashmeh; also known as Halīleh and Yātcheshmeh) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Ben District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2244 in 564 families.
 Sarmolk (Persian: سرملك‎; also known as Sar-e Malek and Sar-i-Malīk) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 86 families.
 Bhadaiya is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3748 people living in 648 individual households.
 Delyasar-e Olya (Persian: دلياسيرعليا‎ also Romanized as Delyāsar-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 13 families.
 Kisrécse is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Bobevtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Wausaukee is a village in Marinette County Wisconsin in the United States. The population was 575 at the 2010 census. The village is part of the Marinette WI–MI Micropolitan Statistical Area.The name Wausaukee comes from the Menominee term for among the rolling hills.Wausaukee is surrounded by rich fertile farmland on which alfalfa corn soybeans ginseng and other crops are grown.
 Humin [ˈxumin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Bolimów 18 km (11 mi) north of Skierniewice and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Deerfield is a village in Vernon County Missouri United States. The population was 81 at the 2010 census.
 Sfafaa is a village and rural commune in Kénitra Province of the Gharb-Chrarda-Béni Hssen region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census the commune had a total population of 18799 people living in 2808 households.
 Kuszkowo [kuʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Al-Na'ima (Arabic: الناعمة ‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict of Mandatory Palestine located 26 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Safad. The settlement was depopulated during the 1947-1948 civil war on May 14 1948 by the Israeli Palmach's First Battalion as part of Operation Yiftach.In 1945 it had a population of 1240 of whom 210 were Jews.
 Brandýsek is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Đušnica is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 59 people.
 Wdziękoń Drugi [ˈvd͡ʑeŋkɔɲ ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Keshkavij (Persian: كشكاويج‎ also Romanized as Keshkāvīj; also known as Keshkāvīch) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 57 families.
 About this sound Dolní Lutyně  (German: Deutsch Leuten or Nieder Leuten Polish: Lutynia Dolna ) is a village in Karviná District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic near the border with Poland south of the Olza River. Village of Věřňovice (Wierzniowice) is administratively a part of Dolní Lutyně. The village lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.Village was first mentioned in a written document in 1305.
 Haukeli is a place west in Vinje municipality in Telemark county in Norway and a traffic hub where Norwegian National Road 9 and European route E134 meet. Previously it was called Haukeligrend but in 1999 the name was changed back to the original Haukeli.
 Donji Zovik (Hadžići) is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vittilapuram is a village in Thoothukudi district Tamil Nadu India. It is around 15 kilometers from Tirunelveli junction and 2 kilometers from Vasayappapuram Vilaku which is on the Tirunelveli-Thoothukudi highway NH 7A. The place names comes from Sri Panduranga Vittalar temple. It was built by King Vittalarayar under the jurisdiction of Empire Sri Krishnadeva Rayar on 1547 AD.
 Sucha Dolna [ˈsuxa ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) east of Żagań and 43 km (27 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bierzwnik [ˈbjɛʐvnik] (German: Marienwalde) is a village in Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bierzwnik. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-east of Choszczno (Arnswalde) and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin (Stettin).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1200.
 Hasan Hendow (Persian: حسن هندو‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Hendow; also known as Ḩasan Hendow‘ī and Ḩasan Hendū’ī) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1297 in 274 families.
 Abdol Khakhi-ye Sofla (Persian: عبدل خاكي سفلي‎ also Romanized as ʿAbdol Khākī-ye Soflá) is a village in Zamkan Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 38 families.
 Siberi is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It has a population of 18 (as of 1 January 2011).Writer Jüri Parijõgi was born in Siberi in 1892.
 Belica is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 393 people.
 Ferhatlı is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Kołodzież [kɔˈwɔd͡ʑeʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Mońki and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gaj [ɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Shalaqeh (Persian: شلاقه‎ also Romanized as Shalāqeh) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Doussoudiana is a village and seat of the commune of Bolo-Fouta in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
 Do Tuvali (Persian: دوتوولي‎ also Romanized as Do Tūvalī and Dotūvalī) is a village in Tashan Rural District Riz District Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Nangli Sakrawati is a village on the outskirts of Najafgarh in South West Delhi district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. It is best known as the home of the an Indian international netball player Prachi Tehlan She captained the Indian national netball team in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
 Aydınlık is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 583 people.
 Hashian (Persian: حشيان‎ also Romanized as Ḩashīān Hasheyān and Hashīān; also known as Ḩasanīān) is a village in Malmir Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 69 families.
 Juryzdyka [jurɨzˈdɨka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Nowinka 14 km (9 mi) north of Augustów and 97 km (60 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Zardab-e Mohebb (Persian: زرداب محب‎ also Romanized as Zardāb-e Moḩebb and Zardāb-e Moḩeb; also known as Zardāb) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 59 families.
 Dębowiczki [dɛmbɔˈvit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Aliabad-e Maran (Persian: علي آباد مران‎ also Romanized as Alīābād-e Marān; also known as ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e Mardān) is a village in Obatu Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 34 families.
 Hadid (Persian: حديد‎ also Romanized as Ḩadīd and Ḩedeyd; also known as Hamayat and Ḩemāyat) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 33 families.
 Belören is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Dolni Radkovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Loganville is a village in Sauk County Wisconsin United States. The population was 300 at the 2010 census.
 Zavarom (Persian: زوارم‎ also Romanized as Zavārom and Zuārān) is a village in Zavarom Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1585 in 448 families.
 Sarıyazı is a village in the District of Osmaneli Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 140 people.
 Ab Niyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: ابنيه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Āb Nīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Āb Nīyeh and Āvīeh) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 282 in 64 families.
 Kuruburu is a village in Chintamani Taluk in the Chikballapur district in the state of Karnataka India.
 Grzybowa Góra [ɡʐɨˈbɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Skarżysko Kościelne 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 1052.
 Badamestan (Persian: بادامستان‎ also Romanized as Bādāmestān; also known as Badamistan) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 21 families.
 Koprzywna [kɔˈpʂɨvna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Biała Rawska 19 km (12 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Straumen is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located at the end of the Sørfolda fjord along the European route E06 highway. The lake Straumvatnet lies on the southeastern side of the village.The 0.84-square-kilometre (210-acre) village has a population (2011) of 809 making it the largest settlement in Sørfold. The population density for the village is 963 inhabitants per square kilometre (2490 /sq mi).
 Kraczew [ˈkrat͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Komarów-Osada 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Zamość and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Suchodolina [suxɔdɔˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Białostocka 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Rudbarak-e Pain (Persian: رودبارك پائين‎ also Romanized as Rūdbārak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 12 families.Together with the nearby village of Rudbarak-e Bala the village hosts the National Festival of Iranian Traditions and Folk Games.
 Poshteh Hir (Persian: پشته هير‎ also Romanized as Poshteh Hīr; also known as Līrd) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Aliabad-e Vasat (Persian: علي ابادوسط‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Vasaţ; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Mīāneh) is a village in Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 50 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khalilabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 146 families.
 Amrabad (Persian: امراباد‎ also Romanized as Amrābād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 68 families.
 Pumdibhumdi is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6512 persons living in 1326 individual households.
 Owchbolagh (Persian: اوچ بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Owchbolāgh and Ūch Bolāgh) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 26 families.
 Zirgar-e Owl Luyi (Persian: زيرگر اول لويي‎ also Romanized as Zīrgar-e Owl Lūyī) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 7 families.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Anzan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 783 in 168 families.
 Vagan is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Perumkunnil Junction (also known as VazhanasalaMukk) is a small village in Pathanamthitta district Travancore region Kerala India. It is on the route between Aranmula (famous for its boat races) and Pathanamthitta (en route to the holy pilgrimage destination of Sabarimala). The majority of its inhabitants are from Hindu and Christian backgrounds.
 Qazanta (Persian: قازانتا‎ also Romanized as Qāzāntā; also known as Qāzāntāh) is a village in Torjan Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 18 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 35 families.
 Dvorište (Serbian Cyrillic: Двориште) is a village situated in Despotovac municipality in Serbia.
 Eden is a village in Yazoo County Mississippi. The population was 126 at the 2000 census.
 Qandi Sara (Persian: قندي سرا‎ also Romanized as Qandī Sarā) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 27 families.
 Dębowiec [dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ziębice 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 59 kilometres (37 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Gökçealan is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Cyców-Kolonia Pierwsza [ˈt͡sɨt͡suf kɔˈlɔɲa ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Cyców 18 km (11 mi) east of Łęczna and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Allahabad (Persian: اله اباد‎ also Romanized as Allāhābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District Pain Jam District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 89 families.
 Garankedey is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Bainbridge is a village in Ross County Ohio United States along Paint Creek. The population was 860 at the 2010 census.Bainbridge is the location of Pike Lake State Park. It was among a series of towns originally plotted and established by General Nathaniel Massie.
 Małusy Małe [maˈwusɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Mstów 14 km (9 mi) east of Częstochowa and 63 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 284.
 Tolombeh-ye Ayatollah Khamanehi (Persian: تلمبه ايت اله خامنه اي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Āyatollah Khāmanehī) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Allah Haqq (Persian: اله حق‎ also Romanized as Allāh Ḩaqq and Allāh Ḩaq) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 45 families.
 Al-Mujaydil (Arabic: المْجيدل‎ (also: al-Mujeidil) was a former Palestinian village located 6 km southwest of Nazareth. Al-Mujaydil was one of a few towns that achieved local council status by the Mandatory Palestine government. In 1945 the village had a population of 1900 and total land area of 18836 dunams – mostly Arab-owned. The population was almost entirely Christian and the town contained a Roman Catholic church and monastery.
 Acıpayam historically known as Dadeş is a village in Elâzığ Province situated at the East Anatolia section of Turkey. The village has a population of 372 which consists of Turkish people with no minorities. The village is 18 km (11 mi) away from Elâzığ.
 Dursunlar is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Derakht-e Jowz (Persian: درختجوز‎ also Romanized as Derakht Jowz) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 34 families.
 Kalateh-ye Masib (Persian: كلاته مصيب‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Maṣīb) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 10 families.
 Chittampara is a village in Idukki district Kerala India.
 Bargecheh (Persian: برگچه‎) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 51 families.
 Qolyan (Persian: قليان‎ also Romanized as Qolyān and Qolīān; also known as Ghalyan Golkhīrān Gol Khīzān Kūlyān and Quliyān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1283 in 326 families.
 Tazehabad-e Isaabad (Persian: تازه آباد عيسي آباد‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e ‘Īsáābād) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 82 families.
 Bayt Umm al-Mays was a small Palestinian Arab village in the Jerusalem Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on October 21 1948 by the Har'el Brigade of Operation ha-Har. It was located 14 km west of Jerusalem.In 1945 the village had a population of 70.
 Malczyce [malˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Maltsch) is a village in Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland situated on the south-west bank of the river Oder (Odra). It is the seat of township Gmina Malczyce.
 Fathollah Kandi (Persian: فتح اله كندي‎ also Romanized as Fatḥollah Kandī) is a village in Leylan-e Jonubi Rural District Leylan District Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 49 families.
 Randeh Sar (Persian: رنده سر‎) is a village in Haviq Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Achappana Koppalu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Shrirangapattana taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 Amherst Junction is a village in Portage County Wisconsin United States. The population was 377 at the 2010 census.
 Kopalina [kɔpaˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kywegu is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Sąpole [sɔmˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Nowogard 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Siomki [ˈɕɔmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wola Krzysztoporska 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Erenler is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Damlıca is a village in the District of Demirözü Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 177 people.
 Akkurthi is a small village 7 km from Srikalahasti town in Andhra Pradesh. People in this village depend mainly on agriculture. Bus and train facility is available to this village. It will take around 10 minutes drive from Srikalahasti by road. It has one primary school and one high school.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Poddębice and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sethiyur is a village in Cuddalore district Tamil Nadu on the south-west coast of India. It has a population of 1347.
 Shahrak-e Ayatollah Madani (Persian: شهرك ايت الله مدني‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Āyatollah Madanī) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4295 in 901 families.
 Abja-Vanamõisa (also known as Tümpsi) is a village in Abja Parish Viljandi County in southern Estonia. It's located about 4 km (2 mi) west of the town of Abja-Paluoja and 7 km east of Mõisaküla between the Valga–Uulu (Valga–Pärnu) road (nr. 8) and the Estonia–Latvia border. Abja-Vanamõisa has a population of 95 (as of 1 January 2012).The village was first mentioned in 1583 when the Livonian War was ending.
 Adar (Persian: ادار‎ also Romanized as Ādār; also known as Adād and Āvār) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 82 families.
 Sossobé is a village and seat of the commune of Togoro Kotia in the Cercle of Ténenkou in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali. The village lies in the Inner Niger Delta and between July and December is only accessible by boat.
 Gökler is a village in the District of Ayaş Ankara Province Turkey.
 Choqa Shekar (Persian: چقاشكر‎ also Romanized as Choqā Shekar) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 26 families.
 Samarinovac is a village in the municipality of Žitorađa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 756 people.
 Rig Safar (Persian: ريگ صفر‎ also Romanized as Rīg Şafar) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 10 families.
 Chaukidada is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2307 persons living in 460 individual households.
 Lipina [liˈpina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Dołhobyczów 39 km (24 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 128 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 150.
 Szczepanek [ʂt͡ʂɛˈpanɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Tłuszcz 15 km (9 mi) east of Wołomin and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 720.
 Vallicode (pronounced valli-koad) is a village in Pathanamthitta district in Kerala India. It is situated at about 7 km from the district headquarters of Pathanamthitta at south-east direction.The northern and southern sides of the village are protected by tall hills and a beautiful green valley emerges in between the hills.
 Mokrzyn [ˈmɔkʂɨn] (German: Petersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Bytów and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 149.
 Sulaoja is a village in Valgjärve Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Firuzabad-e Sofla (Persian: فيروزابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād-e Soflá; also known as Fīrūzābād-e Pā’īn and Fīrūzābād Pā’īn) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 66 families.
 Bog-e Sagilan (Persian: بگ سگيلان‎ also Romanized as Bog-e Sagīlān; also known as Bog-e Sehgīlān) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Vaset (Persian: واسط‎ also Romanized as Vāseţ) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Ranniku is a village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It's located just west of Tõstamaa the administrative centre of the municipality on the coast of Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 28 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Darzin-e Do (Persian: دارزين2‎ also Romanized as Dārzīn-e Do; also known as Dārzeīn Dārzīn Drazīn and Mehdīābād-e Dārzīn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 83 families.
 Łajsy [ˈwai̯sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Gietrzwałd and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Zachorzów-Kolonia [zaˈxɔʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sławno 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Khir Sar (Persian: خيرسر‎ also Romanized as Khīr Sar; also known as Kareh Sar Kashk Sarā and Khīreh Sar) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1261 in 308 families.
 Huta-Strzelce [ˈxuta ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Peda-padu is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Pedapadu is a panchayati located approximately 9 km from Eluru. It used to be a small village awhile back which was declared a panchayati around 15 years ago. People in the panchayati had a great history they participated in freedom fighting during the period of independence families donated large amount of money when Gandhiji called for donations for freedom fighting.
 Potok Rządowy [ˈpɔtɔk ʐɔnˈdɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szydłów 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Staszów and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 96.
 Sieranie [ɕeˈraɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Świeszyno 16 km (10 mi) south of Koszalin and 128 km (80 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 170.
 Guk Tappeh-ye Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: گوك تپه شماره دو‎ also Romanized as Gūḵ Tappeh Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 81 families.
 Qaleh Qazi (Persian: قلعه قاضي‎ also Romanized as Qal’eh Qāẕī Qal‘eh-i-Qāzi Qal’eh Qāzī and Qal‘eh-ye Qāzī; also known as Qal’eh Qāzī-ye Bālā) is a village in Qaleh Qazi Rural District Qaleh Qazi District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4239 in 1000 families.
 Sulino [suˈlinɔ] formerly German Goldbeck is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marianowo within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Marianowo 19 km (12 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dashti Kalateh-ye Gharbi (Persian: دشتي كلاته غربي‎ also Romanized as Dashtī Kalāteh-ye Gharbī; also known as Dasht Kalāteh-ye Gharbī) is a village in Anzan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 141 families.
 Rgielsko [ˈrɡʲɛlskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kurudere is a village in Pınarhisar district of Kırklareli Province Turkey It is situated in the eastern Trakya (Thrace) plains at 41°45′N 27°33′E. The distance to Pınarhisar is 20 kilometres (12 mi) . The population of the village is 485 as of 2011. In the 19th century most of the population was composed of Ethnic Bulgarians. But after the Second Balkan War the Bulgarian population was forced to leave the settlement.
 Tafaki Anarki (Persian: تافکی انارکی‎ also Romanized as Tāfaḵī Ānārḵī) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 6 families.
 Kandilli is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 488 people.
 Henrykowo [xɛnrɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Khudkar Mahalleh (Persian: خودكارمحله‎ also Romanized as Khūdkār Maḩalleh) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 21 families.
 Allah Marz (Persian: لله مرز‎ also Romanized as Laleh Marz) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 120 families.
 Karczówka [karˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Złotniki Kujawskie 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Inowrocław 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz and 34 km (21 mi) west of Toruń.
 Choft Sar (Persian: چفت سر‎; also known as Choft Sar-e Shūrkā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 42 families.
 Kallapuliyur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Aspas (Persian: اسپاس‎ also Romanized as Āspās and Āsopās; also known as Āsupās) is a village in Aspas Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2069 in 481 families.Aspas is in the Zagros mountain range at an altitude of 2362 m. It lies in the foothills above the Balengan valley between the Palangi range and the Abedīn range.
 Mianów [ˈmjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Rajaduar is a village in North Guwahati.
 Truszczanek [truʂˈt͡ʂanɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Rozprza 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mart-e Haq Ali (Persian: مرتع حق علي‎ also Romanized as Mart-e Ḩaq ‘Alī; also known as Ḩaq ‘Alī and Ḩaqq ‘Alī) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Kisavandan (Persian: كيساوندان‎ also Romanized as Kīsāvandān) is a village in Sangar Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 397 in 119 families.
 Örenköy is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Lakben (Persian: لكبن‎; also known as Līkbīn and Līk Bīn) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 63 families.
 Niwki [ˈnifki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Churuk-e Sofla (Persian: چوروك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chūrūk-e Soflá; also known as Chūrūk-e Pā’īn and Chūzak-e Soflá) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 55 families.
 Givaran (Persian: گيوران‎ also Romanized as Gīvarān; also known as Gīvmarān) is a village in Shaab Jereh Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Ludvíkov (German: Ludwigsthal) is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ba (Serbian Cyrillic: Ба) is a village in the municipality of Ljig in Central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 605 people. It lies under the Suvobor mountain.In World War II Ba was a stronghold of Serbian royalist Chetnik movement. Between 25 and 28 January 1944 Chetniks led by Draža Mihajlović held their congress in the village. That was the reason that the village was neglected by post-war Communist authorities.
 Chomachar (Persian: چماچار‎ also Romanized as Chomāchār) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 455 in 105 families.
 Sar Qaleh Sofla (Persian: سرقلعه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sar Qal‘eh Soflá) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 18 families.
 Teodorówka-Kolonia [tɛɔdɔˈrufka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Frampol 15 km (9 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 171.
 Baby [ˈbabɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Moszczenica 15 km (9 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 799. It was the site of a 2011 train derailment in which one passenger was killed and 81 injured.
 Ławsk [wafsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wąsosz 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 760.
 Pesteh Beyglu (Persian: پسته بيگ لو‎ also Romanized as Pesteh Beyglū; also known as Pasteh Beyg and Pesteh Beyk) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 48 families.
 Janowice [janɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Ożarów 16 km (10 mi) east of Opatów and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Chah Kutah (Persian: چاه كوتاه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Kūtāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bushehr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1848 in 455 families.
 Sinur (Persian: سينور‎ also Romanized as Sīnūr; also known as Senowr) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 11 families.
 Grodziec [ˈɡrɔd͡ʑet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą 19 km (12 mi) south of Płońsk and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 190.
 Hezar Khani (Persian: هزارخاني‎ also Romanized as Hezār Khānī and Hezārkhānī) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Korientzé is a village and seat of the commune of Korombana in the Cercle of Mopti in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.
 Chakhmakh-Bina is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Lubów [ˈlubuf] (German: Lübchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Jemielno 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Góra and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ingeniero Forres is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Temeliyeh (Persian: تمليه‎ also Romanized as Temelīyeh Tamalīyēh Tamīleh Temīleh Temlīyeh and Tomelīyeh) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1340 in 268 families.
 Parret is a village in the Commune of Baldushk Tirana District Tirana County western Albania.
 Daghlan (Persian: داغلان‎ also Romanized as Dāghlān Daglan and Dāqlān) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1224 in 290 families.
 Mifflin is a village in Ashland County Ohio United States. The population was 137 at the 2010 census.
 Ziaz Mahalleh (Persian: زيازمحله‎ also Romanized as Zīāz Maḩalleh; also known as Zīār Maḩalleh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 12 families.
 Eyvaq (Persian: ايوق‎ also Romanized as Īvaq; also known as Ayyoogh Iva and Ivāh) is a village in Sharabian Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1348 in 294 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Arjmandi (Persian: تلمبه ارجمندي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Arjmandī; also known as Tolombeh-ye Arjmand) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 14 families.
 Arba Sar (Persian: ارباسر‎ also Romanized as Arbā Sar; also known as Jowlandān) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 21 families.
 Tavija (Cyrillic: Тавија) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hajjiabad Beshaq (Persian: حاجي ابادبسحاق‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād Besḩāq; also known as Ḩājjīābād and Ḩājīābād) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Miłaczewek [miwaˈt͡ʂɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 271.
 Trapeskovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Olszowiec [ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lubochnia 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Birami is a panchayat village in Rajasthan India on the right (north) bank of the Luni River. Administratively it is under Luni Taluka Jodhpur district Rajasthan.There are four villages in the Birami gram Panchayat: Birami Birdawas Miyasani and Peethasani.
 Chhiwang is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4252 people living in 805 individual households.
 Istgah-e Tang-e Haft (Persian: ايستگاه تنگ هفت‎ also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Tang-e Haft; also known as Tang-e Haft and Tang-i-Haft) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 109 families.
 Chah-e Vagazari-ye Shomareh-ye Seh (Persian: چاه واگذاري شماره 3‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Vāgaz̄ārī-ye Shomāreh-ye Seh; also known as Chāh-e Sevvom) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 44 families.
 Tyrzyn [ˈtɨʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Olszowa Dąbrowa [ɔlˈʂɔva dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Stromiec 19 km (12 mi) east of Białobrzegi and 69 km (43 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Veiholmen is a fishing village located on a group of tiny islands in the northern part of Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The island is located at the end of a 7-kilometre (4.3 mi) long road from the village of Hopen. The road goes over many islands connecting Veiholmen to the island of Smøla to the south.
 Kimaran (Persian: كيماران‎ also Romanized as Kīmārān and Keymārān; also known as Timaran) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kolur (Persian: كلور‎ also Romanized as Kolūr; also known as Korūl and Kolvār) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 21 families.
 Perumpadappa is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Rozdoły [rɔzˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Debrzno 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Człuchów and 133 km (83 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Rzecin [ˈʐɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Wronki 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 189.
 Pawłówka [paˈvwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Krasnopol 8 km (5 mi) west of Sejny and 112 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Stare Czeskie [ˈstarɛ ˈt͡ʂɛskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zbąszyń 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 64 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mazraeh-ye Khodadad Sheybani (Persian: مزرعه خدادادشيباني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khodādād Sheybānī) is a village in Gel Berenji Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Lipie [ˈlipjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kiełczygłów 14 km (9 mi) north of Pajęczno and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Khardan (Persian: خاردان‎ also Romanized as Khārdān) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2566 in 526 families.
 Ab Barik (Persian: اب باريك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bārīk; also known as Ābāresh and Ubarak) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 13 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Yilatan ol Hurdi Dowlat (Persian: قشلاق يل اتان الهوردي دولت‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Yīlātān ol Hūrdī Dowlat) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Rożubowice [rɔʐubɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemyśl within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przemyśl and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Maksymilianów [maksɨmiˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Biała [ˈbjawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Wieleń 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Czarnków and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 210.
 Borychów [bɔˈrɨxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 97 km (60 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kazimierzewo [kaʑimjɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 km (13 mi) east of Toruń.
 Górka [ˈɡurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kobylin 16 km (10 mi) west of Krotoszyn and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Laftah is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Płonne [ˈpwɔnnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomin within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 39 km (24 mi) east of Toruń.
 Gadi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2999 people living in 515 individual households.
 Baidauli is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4216 people living in 649 individual households.
 Tituiyeh-ye Seh (Persian: تيتوئيه3‎ also Romanized as Tītūīyeh-ye Seh; also known as Tītūīyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 18 families.
 Baikuntha is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3167 persons living in 575 individual households.
 Saadatabad (Persian: سعادت اباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādatābād) is a village in Khobriz Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 38 families.
 Patrykozy [patrɨˈkɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bostaq (Persian: بسطاق‎ also Romanized as Bosţāq Basţāq and Bustāq) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1136 in 236 families.
 Waliny [vaˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Radom and 95 km (59 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Sang-e Hasadi (Persian: سنگ حسادي‎ also Romanized as Sang-e Ḩasādī) is a village in Nargesan Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Bolesławice [bɔlɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 km (1 mi) north-west of Bolesławiec and 106 km (66 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Jaszkowa Dolna [jaʂˈkɔva ˈdɔlna] (German: Niederhannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kłodzko and 81 kilometres (50 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1400.
 Mareng is a village development committee in the Arghakhanchi District of the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4102 and had 782 houses in the town.
 Ziarat-e Malang (Persian: زيارت ملنگ‎ also Romanized as Zīārat-e Malang) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 49 families.
 Hampiholi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Olek [ˈɔlɛk] (German: Elsensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Szubin 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 16 km (10 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 53.
 Safi Khun (Persian: صفي خون‎ also Romanized as Şafī Khūn) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 23 families.
 Sadków-Kolonia [ˈsatkuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kılıç is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Niskot is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1772 people living in 327 individual households.
 Velika Vrbnica (Serbian: Велика Врбница) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 470 people.
 Dubrava Stara (Cyrillic: Дубрава Стара) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bibah (Persian: بي به‎ also Romanized as Bībah and Bī Bah) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 29 families.
 Çakırsu is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Now Bijar Mahalleh-ye Mohsenabad (Persian: نوبيجارمحله محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Now Bījār Maḩalleh-ye Moḩsenābād; also known as Now Bījār Maḩalleh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 60 families.
 Deh Ali (Persian: ده علي‎ also Romanized as Deh ‘Alī) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 62 families.
 Charkar Tur (Persian: چاركرتور‎ also Romanized as Chārkar Tūr) is a village in Kafsh Kanan Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nimrudi (Persian: نيمرودي‎ also Romanized as Nīmrūdī) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Morszków [ˈmɔrʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Jabłonna Lacka 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 101 km (63 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Staw [staf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Pokrówka (the gmina seat) 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Chełm and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 540.
 Piorunów [pjɔˈrunuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Błonie 16 km (10 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 30 km (19 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Qabr-e Mohammad (Persian: قبرمحمدمراد‎ also Romanized as Qabr-e Moḩammad; also known as Qabr-e Moḩammad Morād) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 24 families.
 Moghan (Persian: مغان‎ also Romanized as Moghān; also known as Mochān and Moqān) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 828 in 258 families.
 Ostrc is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 128 people.
 Dębieniec [dɛmˈbjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Buszyno [buˈʂɨnɔ] (formerly German Bussin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Polanów 35 km (22 mi) east of Koszalin and 165 km (103 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 Witoldowo [vitɔlˈdɔvɔ] (German: Wittelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Koronowo and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz. Sir William Anthony Hobbs conquered this place.
 Sammach-e Korg (Persian: سماچ كرگ‎ also Romanized as Sammāch-e Korg; also known as Sammāch-e Garag) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 69 families.
 Lansing is a village in Cook County Illinois United States. Lansing is a southern suburb of Chicago. The population was 28331 at the 2010 census.
 Bolęcin [bɔˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borkowice within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Borkowice 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Przysucha and 103 km (64 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bapora is a village situated in Bhiwani district in Haryana. The village is inhabited by a Rajput majority along with Brahmin and Dalit minorities.
 Dargocice [darɡɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (German: Eickstedtswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Alibeyk Sara (Persian: علي بيك سرا‎ also Romanized as ‘Alībeyk Sarā) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 26 families.
 Char Sonapur is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Khalfian (Persian: خلفيان‎ also Romanized as Khalfīān) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 71 families.
 Leżenice [lɛʐɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 km (11 mi) west of Kozienice and 71 km (44 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 220.
 Wielkie Radowiska [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ radɔˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Łąka within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Dębowa Łąka 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Wąbrzeźno and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Zemborzyce Podleśne [zɛmbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Majdan Kasztelański [ˈmai̯dan kaʂtɛˈlaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Józefów 21 km (13 mi) east of Biłgoraj and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 159.
 Šnjegotina Velika (Cyrillic: Шњеготина Велика) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Navalgi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Jamkhandi taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Kerdabad (Persian: كرداباد‎ also Romanized as Kerdābād and Kord Abad) is a village in Ernan Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 33 families.
 Majdan Trzebieski [ˈmai̯dan tʂɛˈbjɛski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dwory II is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oświęcim within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 330.
 Sar Galu (Persian: سرگلو‎ also Romanized as Sar Galū) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Batušinac is a village situated in Merošina municipality in Serbia.
 Moszczaniec [mɔʂˈt͡ʂaɲet͡s] (Ukrainian: Мощанець Moshchanets’) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza within Sanok County in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia.
 Taherabad (Persian: طاهراباد‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 37 families.
 Pribjenovići (Cyrillic: Прибјеновићи) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mauryców [mauˈrɨt͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzierady within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wodzierady 10 km (6 mi) north of Łask and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bala Bandar Kheyl (Persian: بندارخيل‎ also Romanized as Bālā Bandār Kheyl; also known as Bandār Kheyl and Pendār Kheyl) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5255 in 1385 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Hajji Asharfian Shomareh Yek (Persian: مزرعه حاجي اشرفيان شماره يك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājjī Āsharfīān Shomāreh Yek) is a village in Kongor Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 64 families.
 Kunki [ˈkunki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Olsztynek and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chrabostówka [xrabɔsˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Narew 19 km (12 mi) north of Hajnówka and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 80.
 Kalwaria [kalˈvarja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dziemiany 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 National Park is a small town on the central plateau of the North Island of New Zealand. Also known as National Park Village it is the highest urban township in New Zealand at 825 metres. As the name suggests it borders the World Heritage Tongariro National Park New Zealand's first national park created in 1887.
 Wirginowo [virɡiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Śrem and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 90.
 Manolich is a village in Sungurlare Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Bashir (Persian: بشير‎ also Romanized as Bashīr and Beshīr) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 59 families.
 Suli Darreh Darbahan (Persian: سوليدره دربهان‎ also Romanized as Sūlī Darreh Darbahān; also known as Sūleh Dar Solāḩ Darreh Sulah Darreh Sulakh-Darrekh and Sūlī Darbahān) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 20 families.
 Chapkuh (Persian: چپکوه‎ also Romanized as Chapḵūh) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Hoczew [ˈxɔt͡ʂɛf] (Ukrainian: Гічва or Гочів Hichva or Hochiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Lesko and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 710.
 Poshtaleh (Persian: پشتاله‎ also Romanized as Poshtāleh) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Sefid Khani (Persian: سفيدخاني‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 37 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād; also known as Abbas Abad Kharaghan Sharghi) is a village in Abgarm Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 58 families.
 Wólka Mała [ˈvulka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kopanina [kɔpaˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Toszek 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Buka [ˈbuka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Debrzno 16 km (10 mi) south of Człuchów and 127 km (79 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 74.
 Doaktown (2011 population: 793) is a Canadian village in Northumberland County New Brunswick.
 Pędzewo [pɛnˈd͡zɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 km (11 mi) west of Toruń and 25 km (16 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.
 Khánh Bình Tây Bắc is a commune (xã) and village in Trần Văn Thời District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Owzkola (Persian: اوزكلا‎ also Romanized as Owzkolā; also known as Bāghbān Kolā) is a village in Owzrud Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 38 families.
 Pratapur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9217 living in 1278 individual households.
 Zbaków Górny [ˈzbakuf ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Darłowo 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Sławno and 169 km (105 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
 Vihasoo is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia on the territory of Lahemaa National Park. It is situated around the mouth of the Loobu River to the Eru Bay (part of the Gulf of Finland).
 Tekkale is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 680 people.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemabād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Qāsemābād and Qāsem Khān) is a village in Tajan Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 30 families.
 Borjak (Persian: برجك‎; also known as Burjak) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 78 families.
 Peringolam(Malayalam: പെരിങ്ങൊളം) is a developing village in the west of Peruvayal panchayath in Kozhikode district Kerala.It situated near NH 212 for 2 Kilometres.This village is surrounded by Kunnamangalam Kuttikatoor Kurikkathoor and Kottamparamb.
 Porganak (Persian: پرگانك‎ also Romanized as Porgānaḵ; also known as Parchūnag Porgūnak and Porjānak) is a village in Dehrud Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 670 in 140 families.
 Zofiówka [zɔˈfjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Łubnice 21 km (13 mi) south of Staszów and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 128.
 Qarah Din (Persian: قره دين‎ also Romanized as Qarah Dīn and Qareh Dīn; also known as Qara Deh Qarah Deh and Qareh Deh) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 14 families.
 Dąbrówka Brzezińska [dɔmˈbrufka bʐɛˈʑiɲska] (German: Damerow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Łęczyce 24 km (15 mi) west of Wejherowo and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Niemyje-Ząbki [ɲɛˈmɨjɛ ˈzɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudka within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 80.Fun fact: Nie myje ząbki means 'doesn't brush the teeth' in Polish.
 Barkeh-ye Chupan (Persian: بركه چوپان‎ also Romanized as Barkeh-ye Chūpān and Barkeh Chūpān; also known as Bargeh Choopan) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kangan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 56 families.
 Reńska Wieś [ˈrɛɲska ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Pakosławice 9 km (6 mi) north of Nysa and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Podgórzno [pɔdˈɡuʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbiel within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Kołbiel 21 km (13 mi) east of Otwock and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Strazhitsa (village) is a village in Balchik Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Gomarun (Persian: گمارون‎ also Romanized as Gomārūn; also known as Gamarān Gomārān and Gumārūn) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 60 families.
 Manikwadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Dohlkuh (Persian: دهل كوه‎ also Romanized as Dohlḵūh) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 696 in 191 families.
 Gol Sheykh (Persian: گل شيخ‎) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 32 families.
 Santa Ana (Entre Ríos) is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.The 1979 completion of the Salto Grande Dam put thousands of acres under water and Santa Ana shifted to citrus production which now supports 60% of the population.
 Farajabad (Persian: فرج اباد‎ also Romanized as Farajābād) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 10 families.
 Stasiolas [staˈɕɔlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hosakatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gavar (Persian: گوار‎ also Romanized as Gavār) is a village in Sedeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2682 in 784 families.
 Kadłub [ˈkadwup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Strzelce Opolskie and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kurzątkowice [kuʐɔntkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Jarząbki [jaˈʐɔmpkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Barlinek 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Myślibórz and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 8 families.
 Dhrovjan (Greek: Δρόβιανη Droviani) is a community in the Delvinë District Vlorë County southern Albania. It is located 18 kilometers (11 mi) east of Sarandë. An ethnic Greek village in 1967 it contained around 300 houses divided into two Mahalle. Ancient Greek coins have been excavated in the fields of Dhrovjan[citation needed] which have provided evidence that there were once several ancient Greek temples in the area..
 Latabari (লতাবাৰী) is a village with a population of around 800 in the Lakhimpur district(লক্ষীমপুৰ) of Assam India.The village is located in a place very nearby to the river of Brahmaputra.
 Kallur is a village in the Gubbi subdistrict of the Tumkur district of Karnataka state in India. It is mainly known for its handloom silk sarees. Major attractions in this village are Sri Rama Mandira(Temple) Kallur Lake Sri Rudra muni Swamy temple and Doddamma temple. In Rama Mandira temple the god Rama Sita Laksmana and Hanumantha are made up of White Stone (Amrutha shile). Panduranga (Vijaya Vittal) temple built in recent daysTemplate:When? (in 2009) and is very beautiful.
 Tempa is a village in Hiiu County in Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Pühalepa Parish.
 Baharabad (Persian: بهاراباد‎ also Romanized as Bahārābād) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 33 families.
 Sopotnica is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 136 people.
 Cumalı is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 594 people.
 Nibi (nibi estate) is a village in the Raebareli district of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. Agriculture is an important part of the local economy. It is inhabited mainly by Brahmin. At the west end of village kashikheda and vishayakpur village is situated. This village is 55 km from Raebareli town and 90 km from Kanpur. However very few trains halt at Lalganj making Raebareli a more convenient rail head. The nearest airport is Lucknow Airport.
 Chandramam Palli is a south Indian village in Peddapuram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh.
 Siah Kesh (Persian: سياه كش‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kesh; also known as Sīākesh) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 22 families.
 Darin (Persian: درين‎ also Romanized as Darīn) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Gugul (Persian: گوگول‎ also Romanized as Gūgūl and Gowgal) is a village in Atrak Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 30 families.
 Neyestan (Persian: نيستان‎ also Romanized as Neyestān; also known as Unisun and Ūnīūn) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Ossenisse is a small village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Hulst and lies about 24 km west of Bergen op Zoom.Ossenisse was a separate municipality until 1936 when it was merged with Vogelwaarde.In 2001 the village of Ossenisse had 81 inhabitants.
 Wojnarowa [vɔi̯naˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Korzenna 18 km (11 mi) east of Nowy Sącz and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1500.
 Kowala [kɔˈvala] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pińczów and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Monqar Pey (Persian: منقارپي‎ also Romanized as Monqār Pey) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 115 families.
 Gorazuiyeh (Persian: گرازوئيه‎ also Romanized as Gorāzū’īyeh) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 896 in 174 families.
 Zagóra [zaˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żołynia within Łańcut County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Kudyny [kuˈdɨnɨ] (German: Komthurhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Pasłęk 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Stężyca 18 km (11 mi) west of Ryki and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Yukarıbük is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Kurumbilangode is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Shahsavar (Persian: شهسوار‎ also Romanized as Shahsavār) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 25 families.
 Chinchakhede (Marathi: चिंचखेडे) is a village in Dhule Taluka in Dhule district in Maharashtra State. Near banks of river 'Kanher'. Agriculture is main source of income for the village.It is located 1128 km from national capital Delhi 288 km distance from its State Capital Mumbai & 22 km from Dhule.
 Aksaklar is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 127 people.
 Karadana Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Thokur (Thokuru or Thokooru in Tulu) is the name of two villages in South Canara district of Karnataka State in India.
 Tarhovo is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Nowe Zalesie [ˈnɔvɛ zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Szorce [ˈʂɔrt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Trzcianne 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Mońki and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Çevreli is a village in the District of Demre Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ubieszyn [uˈbʲɛʂɨn] (Ukrainian: Убішин Ubishyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tryńcza within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Tryńcza 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Przeworsk and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kispáli is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Akhmed-oba) is a village in Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2011 census its population was 167 in 40 families.
 Zeyarat-e Pain (Persian: زيارت پائين‎ also Romanized as Zeyārat-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 8 families.
 Mirkhal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Basavakalyan taluk of Bidar district in Karnataka.
 Tännassilma is a village in Türi Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Murga (Bulgarian: Мурга) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 177.79 kilometres (110.47 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 16.194 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 53 people.
 Trzaski [ˈtʂaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Bieżuń 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Żuromin and 109 km (68 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Chaman (Persian: چمن‎) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 76 families.
 Zastawa [zasˈtava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Tychowo 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Białogard and 119 km (74 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Ab Dalan-e Mirki (Persian: ابدالان ميركي‎ also Romanized as Āb Dālān-e Mīrkī; also known as Ābdālān) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 32 families.
 Czechówka [t͡ʂɛˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) south-east of Zamość and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 116.
 Gedalandhoddi is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Hisarköy is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 545 people.
 Modliborzyce [mɔdlibɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Baćkowice 10 km (6 mi) west of Opatów and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 430.
 Kile [ˈkilɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kalinowo 28 km (17 mi) east of Ełk and 150 km (93 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Soltani (Persian: سلطاني‎ also Romanized as Solţānī) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 123 families.
 Pärnjõe is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.
 Sułowo [suˈwɔvɔ] (German Schulen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبداله اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollahābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād) is a village in Khobriz Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 49 families.
 Siah Khan (Persian: سياه خان‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Khān; also known as Deh-e Sīāh Khān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Qaleh-ye Shias (Persian: قلعه شياس‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Shīās and Qal‘eh-ye Sheyās) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Latgah (Persian: لتگاه‎ also Romanized as Latgāh; also known as Labtgāh Latgā’ Latjāh and Les̄gā’) is a village in Mohajeran Rural District Lalejin District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1973 in 535 families.
 Bogdanów [bɔɡˈdanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wola Krzysztoporska 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 290.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Khoda Bakhshi (Persian: تلمبه محمدخدابخشي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Khodā Bakhshī) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Akbaba is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 558 people.
 Darreh Bagh (Persian: دره باغ‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bāgh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 8 families.
 Staw Noakowski-Kolonia [ˈstaf nɔaˈkɔfski kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Chlebice [xlɛˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuplice within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Krąg [krɔnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Śliwice 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 70 km (43 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 100.
 Madbun (Persian: مدبون‎ also Romanized as Madbūn; also known as Madban and Madyoon) is a village in Hotkan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 29 families.
 Gezel Darreh (Persian: گزلدره‎; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Fatḩollāh) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vrh is a village in Croatia.
 Jisa-ye Kelarabad (Persian: جيساكلاراباد‎ also Romanized as Jīsā-ye Kelārābād; also known a sJīsā-ye Pā’īn and Jīsā-ye Soflá) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District Kelarabad District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 59 families.
 Saxby is a village in Vormsi Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Hacıhatipoğlu is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 334 people.
 Navakh (Persian: ناوخ‎ also Romanized as Nāvakh) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1558 in 357 families.
 Qaleh-ye Esmaili (Persian: قلعه اسماعيلي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Esmā‘īlī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 21 families.
 Młynek [ˈmwɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 38.
 Barah Ruz (Persian: بره روز‎ also Romanized as Barah Rūz; also known as Barārūz) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 9 families.
 Tazehabad-e Chomaqestan (Persian: تازه ابادچماقستان‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Chomāqestān; also known as Tāzehābād-e Soflá) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 21 families.
 Wilamów [viˈlamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Uniejów 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 440.
 Velyki Berezhtsi (Ukrainian: Великі Бережці) is a village in Kremenets Raion Ternopil Oblast Ukraine. In 2001 the community had 1011 residents. The postal code is 47020.Village remembers Kresowa księga sprawiedliwych on page 74.
 Lower Dzongu Forest Block is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260909.
 Medapihilla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Khoshkrud (Persian: خشكرود‎ also Romanized as Khoshkrūd) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 22 families.
 Sirali is a town in the Harda district Madhya Pradesh India. The town has an estimated population of 8507 people and life revolves around the Machak River the life line of the town.Among its attractions is the Shri Tilbhandeshwar(Shivaji) Mandir temple. Sri Radha-Krishan is also located in Sirali.The nearest cities to Sirali include Harda Khirkiya and Khandwa.now sirali is the fourth tehsil of Harda district.[citation needed]
 Feblasheh (Persian: فبلشه‎) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Mościska [mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wysoka 19 km (12 mi) east of Piła and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kowalicha [kɔvaˈlixa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dąbrówka 19 km (12 mi) north of Wołomin and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Chaunrah is a village in Kanpur Dehat district in the state of Uttar Pradesh India.It is located in Amraudha development block of Bhognipur tehsil.
 Cheb (Persian: چب‎; also known as Cha‘ab) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 640 in 111 families.
 West Kallada is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Anguciana is a village in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja Spain. It is situated in the northwest of the province. It depends on the judicial administration of Haro. The municipality covers an area of 5.05 square kilometres (1.95 sq mi) and as of 2011 had a population of 471 people.
 Dulab-e Shirin (Persian: دولاب شيرين‎ also Romanized as Dūlāb-e Shīrīn; also known as Dūlābshīrīn) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 24 families.
 Kurdikeri is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Deh-e Sukhteh (Persian: ده سوخته‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sūkhteh; also known as Deh-e Sūkhteh Monj) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 282 in 56 families.
 Kõdu is a village in Käru Parish Rapla County in western-central Estonia.
 Kordabad (Persian: كردآباد‎ also Romanized as Kordābād and Kardabad) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 83 families.
 Kinsagahtawng is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 11 families.
 Sohray Amiriyeh (Persian: صحرائ اميريه‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrāy Āmīrīyeh) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 10 families.
 Madinat al Haqq is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Chulcheh Qeshlaq (Persian: چولچه قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Chūlcheh Qeshlāq; also known as Choljah Qeshlāq Choljeh Qeshlāq Chooljeh Gheslagh Chowlcheh Qeshlāq Chowljeh Qeshlāq and Chūljeh Qeshlāq) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 40 families.
 Jiqeh (Persian: جيقه ‎ also Romanized as Jīqeh; also known as Dzhiga Jegheh Jeqeh Jeqqeh Jiga and Jīgheh) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1156 in 244 families.
 Serpelice [sɛrpɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Sarnaki 24 km (15 mi) east of Łosice and 140 km (87 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a wooden church built in 1947 by the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin who also have a monastery in the village.
 Góry [ˈɡurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Wilczyn 23 km (14 mi) north of Konin and 90 km (56 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wantmuri is a village in Hukeri taluk of Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Dehnow (Persian: دهنو‎) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 19 families.
 Vinaq (Persian: وينق‎ also Romanized as Vīnaq; also known as Vinek) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 32 families.
 Armenabad (Armenian: Բերքաձոր Berkadzor) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan. Since the Nagorno-Karabakh war the town has been administered by the de facto Nagorno-Karabakh Republic as part of Askeran Province.
 Palham Dasht (Persian: پلهمدشت‎) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 48 families.
 Kuštani is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D28 highway.
 Warpuny [varˈpunɨ] (German Warpuhnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Sorkwity 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Mrągowo and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 400.
 Komoni (Persian: كمني‎ also Romanized as Komonī and Kamnī; also known as Kumani) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 50 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Ali Ben-e Musa ol Reza (Persian: مزرعه علي بن موسي الرضا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Alī Ben-e Mūsá ol Reẕā and Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Alī Ben-e Mūsá or Reẕā ; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Chāh Kermānī) is a village in Garmsir Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Diadema Argentina is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Shirgaon is a village in the Ratnagiri district of the state of Maharashtra India.
 Bonkuy-e Mokhtari (Persian: بنكوي مختاري‎ also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Mokhtārī) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 9 families.
 Kożuszki [kɔˈʐuʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wyszki 18 km (11 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Vesmaq (Persian: وسمق‎ also Romanized as Vasmaq; also known as Vīsmāch) is a village in Alvir Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 123 families.
 Załęże [zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Wolbrom 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Olkusz and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kończyce-Kolonia [kɔɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Twining is a village in Arenac County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 181 at the 2010 census. The village is situated on the boundary between Mason Township on the west and Turner Township on the east with about half of the village in each.
 Ozar (Persian: ازار‎ also Romanized as Ozār) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Bukovlje (Cyrillic: Буковље) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Łęg Przedmiejski [ˈwɛnk pʂɛdˈmjɛi̯ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kopydłowo [kɔpɨˈdwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Kłecko 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Gniezno and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Hornowszczyzna [xɔrnɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kadłubiec [kaˈdwubjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Leśnica 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Strzelce Opolskie and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Morne Rouge is a town in Saint George Parish Grenada. It is located at the southern end of the island near its very tip.
 Chahar Ab (Persian: چهاراب‎ also Romanized as Chahār Āb) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 36 families.
 Gorazdan (Persian: گرازدان‎ also Romanized as Gorāzdān; also known as Gorāzdūn) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kladruby is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Matłak [ˈmatwak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bakałarzewo 20 km (12 mi) west of Suwałki and 118 km (73 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Rękowice [rɛŋkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Magnuszew 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 140.
 Aliobası is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 290 people.
 Akdam is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Tang-e Kabutari (Persian: تنگ كبوتري‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Kabūtarī) is a village in Derak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Aznab-e Sofla (Persian: ازناب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Aznāb-e Soflá) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 17 families.
 Chu Hương is a commune (xã) and village in Ba Bể District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Dhadday is a village near Lakhpur Tehsil Phagwara Kapurthala district in Punjab India.
 Norwood Court is a village in St. Louis County Missouri United States. The population was 959 at the 2010 census.
 Łabno [ˈwabnɔ] (German: Schwansberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytwiany within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Rytwiany 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Staszów and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 353.
 Slomer is a village in Northern Bulgaria. It is situated in Pavlikeni Municipality Veliko Tarnovo Province.
 Zawada [zaˈvada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dębica and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1300. The village is run by tribal leader Repro Codęca.
 Bistkonj (Persian: بيست كنج‎ also Romanized as Bīstkonj; also known as Baskonj and Baskunj) is a village in Shakhen Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 47 families.
 Mahmudabad-e Garvas Bakam (Persian: محمود ابادگروس باكم‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Garvas Bākam) is a village in Hudian Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 23 families.
 Rzędowice [ʐɛndɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielki within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Książ Wielki 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Miechów and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 410.
 Salianeh (Persian: ساليانه‎ also Romanized as Sālīāneh and Sālyāneh) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Lamachaur is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5019.
 Łysaków [wɨˈsakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wólka within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jakubowice Murowane (the gmina seat) and 9 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tühjasma is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Piaski Rudnickie [ˈpjaski rudˈnit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Głowno 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 About this sound Ropice (Polish: Ropica  German: Roppitz) is a village in the Czech Republic. It lies in the Frýdek-Místek District of the Moravian-Silesian Region. Ropice has a population of 1417 (2006) 28.9% of which are Poles. Ropičanka River flows into the Olza River in the village. It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.The village was first mentioned in a written document in 1305 as Ropiza. Owners of Ropica in 15th century the Sobek family built a fort in the village.
 Kalateh-ye Now Salmanabad (Persian: كلاته نوسلمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Now Salmānābād; also known as Kalāteh) is a village in Tabas-e Masina Rural District Gazik District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Sierosław [ɕeˈrɔswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Moszczenica 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Stuposiany [stupɔˈɕanɨ] Ukrainian: Ступосяни Stuposiany) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Lutowiska 28 km (17 mi) south of Ustrzyki Dolne and 106 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 120.
 Malja Dasht (Persian: ملجادشت‎ also Romanized as Maljā Dasht; also known as Marjā Dasht) is a village in Kojid Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 15 families.
 Čitluci (Serbian: Читлуци) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Savona is a village in Steuben County New York United States. The population was 822 at the 2000 census. The village is named after Savona in Italy.The Village of Savona is located in the eastern part of the Town of Bath. The village is located at the intersection of Routes 226 415 and Interstate 86.
 Malnia [ˈmalɲa] (German Mallnie) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gogolin 6 km (4 mi) north of Krapkowice and 17 km (11 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Lipińskie [liˈpiɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Grajewo and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Marquette is a village in Green Lake County Wisconsin United States. The population was 150 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Marquette. Marquette uses the postal code 53947.
 Sikory [ɕiˈkɔrɨ] (German: Zicker) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Czaplinek 31 km (19 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Drahim County and History of Pomerania.
 Chhapari is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2227 people living in 361 individual households.
 Stare Rybitwy [ˈstarɛ rɨˈbitfɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Hellenurme is a village in Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It is located about 10 km (6 mi) south of the town of Elva and about 11 km (7 mi) northwest of the town of Otepää. Hellenurme is the administrative centre of Palupera Parish. The village has a population of 170 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Makhmur (Persian: مخمور‎ also Romanized as Makhmūr) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 62 families.
 Anarak-e Sofla (Persian: انارك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Anārak-e Soflá; also known as Anārak and Anārak-e Avval) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Estahlak (Persian: استهلك‎ also Romanized as Estahlak; also known as Astalak and Eştalak) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 9 families.
 Mashhadi (Persian: مشهدي‎ also Romanized as Mashhadī; also known as Boneh-ye Khanjar Khanjar and Masḩadī) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 13 families.
 Surma is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2002 and had 367 houses in the village.
 Hindalagi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Gol Khandan-e Qadim (Persian: گل خندان قديم‎ also Romanized as Gol Khandān-e Qadīm Gol Khandān Qadīm and Golkhandān-e Qadīm; also known as Gol Khandān and Golkhandān) is a village in Gol Khandan Rural District in the Bumehehn District of Pardis County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 66 families. The village was chosen as the capital of Gol Khandan Rural District when it was created on December 29 2012.
 Chippar is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Cheraghabad-e Sofla (Persian: چراغ ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Cherāghābād-e Soflá) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 22 families.
 Lampolai is a village in Nagaur District in Rajasthan State in India. It is located on the Ajmer-Merta Road east of Merta City. It's the centre-point of Rajasthan State.
 Wrząca Wielka [ˈvʐɔnt͡sa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Koło and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 480.
 Miangaran-e Sofla (Persian: ميانگران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mīāngarān-e Soflá and Meyāngarān Soflá; also known as Mīāngarān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 429 in 78 families.
 Cierpisz [ˈt͡ɕerpiʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów Małopolski within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Sędziszów Małopolski 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Ropczyce and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kluki [ˈkluki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dasht-e Hey Bu (Persian: دشت هيبو‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Hey Bū) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Kujavy is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Strzebielino-Wieś [stʂɛbjɛˈlinɔ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Łęczyce 15 km (9 mi) west of Wejherowo and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 410.
 İlhan is a village in the District of Ayaş Ankara Province Turkey.
 Rudbal (Persian: رودبال‎ also Romanized as Rūdbāl) is a village in Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 18 families.
 Adihudi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Jamkhandi taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Mohammad-e Baqer (Persian: محمدباقر‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad-e Bāqer) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Alberta Beach is a village in central Alberta Canada west of Edmonton. It is located on the southeast shore of Lac Ste. Anne approximately 8 km (5.0 mi) west of Highway 43 and 2 km (1.2 mi) north of Highway 633.Alberta Beach's economy it is centred on tourism and recreation. The village is the site of the Lac Ste. Anne Pilgrimage an event having key significance to Aboriginal people including Cree Dene Blackfoot and Métis Roman Catholics.
 Kandeh Shin (Persian: كنده شين‎ also Romanized as Kandeh Shīn) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Corr na Móna (anglicized as Cornamona) is a village and townland in County Galway Ireland. It is part of the Gaeltacht (Irish-speaking region) of North Connemara. The village lies on the north of Lough Corrib in the middle of the Joyce Country Mountain and Lake Districts. It is a popular site among trout and salmon anglers.
 Brandwijk is a small village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Molenwaard and lies about 13 km west of Gorinchem.The statistical area Brandwijk which also includes the surrounding countryside has a population of around 290.Brandwijk was a separate municipality between 1817 and 1986 when it became part of Graafstroom. Last one has become part of Molenwaard in 2013.
 Paresh Kuh (Persian: پرشكوه‎ also Romanized as Paresh Kūh and Porshokooh) is a village in Moridan Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1070 in 323 families.
 Leszczków [ˈlɛʂt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Lipnik 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Opatów and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 450.
 Ali Hamadan (Persian: آلي همدان‎ also Romanized as Ālī Hamadān ‘Alī Hamadān ‘Ālī Hamdān and Ālīhamdān) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 26 families.
 Imastu is a village in Tapa Parish Lääne-Viru County in northern Estonia. It's located about 2.5 km (2 mi) east of the town of Tapa. Imastu is bordered by the Pärnu–Rakvere road (nr. 5) to the southeast the Tallinn–Tapa–Narva railway to the northwest and the Valgejõgi River to the southwest.
 Bodhe is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3294 people living in 572 individual households.
 Sycewo [sɨˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sompolno 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Konin and 110 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bayveh (Persian: بايوه‎ also Romanized as Bāyveh Bāīveh Bāyavah and Bāyoveh) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 37 families.
 Panjak (Persian: پنجك‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 40 families.
 Puerto Bastiani is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Gapsar (Persian: گپسر‎) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 35 families.
 Abbasak (Persian: عباسك‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsak) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 33 families.
 Mooresville is a village in Livingston County Missouri United States. The population was 91 at the 2010 census.
 As Sayl al Kabir is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Chah-e Kular (Persian: چاهکولار‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Kūlār) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sarv-e Nav-e Sofla (Persian: سرونوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sarv-e Nāv-e Soflá; also known as Sarv-e Now Sarv-e Now-ye Soflá Sarv Now Sarwanow and Sirvanu) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 615 in 138 families.
 Not to be confused with Nassau County New York or the town of Nassau.Nassau is a village located in the Town of Nassau in Rensselaer County New York USA. The population was 1133 at the 2010 census.The Village of Nassau is in the south part of the county in the Town of Nassau with a small western portion in the Town of Schodack. Nassau is bordered on the west by the Valatie Kill and Schodack township and is 15 miles east of Albany New York state's capital city.
 Susanabad (Persian: سوسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Sūsanābād) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 454 in 117 families.
 Ludwin [ˈludvin] is a village in Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ludwin. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łęczna and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 5041.
 Musluca is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 403 people.
 Koszelówka [kɔʂɛˈlufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Łosice and 135 km (84 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 310.
 Skalno [ˈskalnɔ] (formerly German Eiersberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Karnice 20 km (12 mi) north of Gryfice and 82 km (51 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Labasheeda (Irish: Leaba Shíoda) is a village in the parish of Kilmurry McMahon in County Clare Ireland. The name Leaba Shíoda means 'Bed of Silk'. The village is set on a peninsula on the banks of the Shannon estuary.
 Tappeh Dar (Persian: تپه دار‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Dār) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 65 families.
 Wólka Horyszowska [ˈvulka xɔrɨˈʂɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sitno 12 km (7 mi) east of Zamość and 83 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Civciler is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Bağpınar is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Gornje Punoševce is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 40 people.
 Kharabeh Razi (Persian: خرابه رضي‎ also Romanized as Kharābeh Raẕī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Atdarrahsi (Persian: ات دره سي‎ also Romanized as Ātdarrahsī; also known as Ātdarrasī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 20 families.
 Rodić Brdo (Serbian: Родић Брдо) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gharibabad (Persian: غريب اباد‎ also Romanized as Gharībābād) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 18 families.
 Bariz Zahedan (Persian: باریز‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 10 families.
 Hasan Bagi-ye Rika (Persian: حسن بگي ريکا‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Bagī-ye Rīkā and Ḩasan Bakī-ye Rīkā; also known as Rīkā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Kobylniki [kɔbɨlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Rokietnica and 16 km (10 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zoviyeh-ye Yek-e Olya (Persian: زويه يك عليا‎ also Romanized as Zovīyeh-ye Yek-e ‘Olyā; also known as Zoveyeh Yek Zovīyeh-ye Bālā Zovīyeh Yek Zovīyeh-ye ‘Olyā Zovīyeh-ye Yek and Zovīyek Yek) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 465 in 89 families.
 Lubośnia [luˈbɔɕɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Szczerców 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Uluköy Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kitsemetsa is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Franulka [fraˈnulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Majdan Surhowski [ˈmai̯dan surˈxɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśniczyn within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kraśniczyn 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Krasnystaw and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dobrzyniewo [dɔbʐɨˈɲevɔ] (German: Dobbertin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wyrzysk 34 km (21 mi) east of Piła and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kharestan (Persian: خارستان‎ also Romanized as Khārestān) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 45 families.
 Khakhri is a village mainly run by Baghela Rajputs. It’s a part of Udaipur district in the state of Rajasthan.
 Dalyasan is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mostafaabad (Persian: مصطفي اباد‎ also Romanized as Moşţafáābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Chah Shur (Persian: چاه شور‎ also Romanized as Chāh Shūr) is a village in Fishvar Rural District Evaz District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bahrud (Persian: بحرود‎ also Romanized as Baḩrūd) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 58 families.
 Moniuszeczki [mɔɲuˈʂɛt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Stara Wargawa [ˈstara varˈɡava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Witonia 15 km (9 mi) north of Łęczyca and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 57 families.
 Andadeh (Persian: انداده‎ also Romanized as Andādeh) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1809 in 446 families.
 Keekan is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Do Rudkhaneh (Persian: دورودخانه‎ also Romanized as Do Rūdkhāneh; also known as Do Rūdkhāneh’ī) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 El Portal is a village in Miami-Dade County Florida United States. The village name is derived from the Spanish term for the gate after two wooden gates that once stood as a gateway to the village. El Portal was originally a neighborhood of the City of Miami when it was annexed into the City of Miami in 1925. With the arrival of the Great Depression the City of Miami gave up its jurisdiction and El Portal was incorporated as its own village in 1937.
 Kozłów Biskupi [ˈkɔzwuf bisˈkupi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Nowa Sucha 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Sochaczew and 55 km (34 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Gol (Persian: گل‎; also known as Barchaman Gol) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Mowtowr-e Jahangirpur Azad-e Yek (Persian: موتور جهانگيرپور آزاد1‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Jahāngīrpūr Āzād-e Yek) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 8 families.
 Borzeshabad (Persian: برزش اباد‎ also Romanized as Borzeshābād; also known as Bīdeshābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 847 in 222 families.
 Güney is a village in the District of Karpuzlu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 228 people.
 Tirunallur is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India. The village is famous for the Kalyanasundaresar Temple Nallur dedicated to Lord Shiva.
 Asharoken is a village in Suffolk County New York in the United States. The population was 654 at the 2010 census. The ZIP code is 11768.The Incorporated Village of Asharoken is in the Town of Huntington and was incorporated in 1925.
 Czechy [ˈt͡ʂɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kasureh Deh (Persian: كاسوره ده‎ also Romanized as Kāsūreh Deh) is a village in Piran Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 35 families.
 Skrzynno [ˈskʂɨnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ostrówek 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 770.
 Suvodanje is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 578 people.
 Biskupice [biskuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 560.
 Leonia [lɛˈɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Władysławów 15 km (9 mi) north of Turek and 110 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bereychiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: بريچيه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bereychīyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 91 families.
 Neqab (Persian: نقاب‎ also Romanized as Neqāb; also known as Naughab Noqāb Nowghāb and Nowqāb) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khalilabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2248 in 596 families.
 Palasë (also Paljasa Greek: Παλάσα Palasa) is a village close to the Llogara National Park in the Albanian Riviera. It is located in the municipality of Himarë (13 kilometres from the town) in the District of Vlorë Albania. The inhabitants of Palasë speak mainly a variant of the Himariote Greek dialect and partly the Tosk Albanian dialect.
 Branžež is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tolombeh-ye Abbasabad (Persian: تلمبه عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAbbāsābād) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bardeh Gar-e Do Vark (Persian: بردگر2وارك‎ also known as Bardeh Kar) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Ab Damil (Persian: اب دميل‎ also Romanized as Āb Damīl) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Kanatpınar is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Gavazleh (Persian: گوزله‎; also known as Gavazlī) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 18 families.
 Gudapadu is a village in Movva mandal in Krishna district of Andhra Pradesh India.Hindu Temples in Gudapadu1.Ramalayam2.Hanuman Temples3.Sivalayam4.Gudapadu Nagendra Swami Temple
 Załawcze [zaˈwaft͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Turobin 30 km (19 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 215.
 Mowmenabad (Persian: مومن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mow’menābād and Mowmenābād; also known as Mo’menābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 40 families.
 Falaj ash Sham is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Choiny [ˈxɔi̯nɨ]] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parysów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Parysów 8 km (5 mi) north of Garwolin and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Vangsnes is a village located in the municipality of Vik in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It's located on a relatively flat and fertile peninsula that juts out on the south side of the Sognefjorden roughly at the midpoint of the fjord which is Norway's longest. The village of Balestrand lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) to the northwest (across the fjord) and the villages of Leikanger-Hermansverk lie about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) straight east (also across the fjord).
 Azad Road (ஆசாத் ரோடு) is a traditional village in Trichirapalli District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Situated 54 km southwest of Trichy and 51 km northeast of Dindigul on National Highway 45 it is near the geographic centre of the state.
 Copo Quile is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Annosław [anˈnɔswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Regnów 13 km (8 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tholuvankadu (Tamil: தொளுவன்காடு ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Aqel (Persian: عاقل‎ also Romanized as ‘Āqel; also known as Agir and ‘Aqīl) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 San Karim (Persian: سن كريم‎ also Romanized as San Karīm; also known as San Karīm-e Bahādol) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 48 families.
 Karaibrahim is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Chandra is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 3511. The current estimate for 2009 is 6179 people.
 Kahn (Persian: كهن‎) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 27 families.
 Boneh-ye Molla Ahmad (Persian: بنه ملااحمد‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Mollā Aḩmad) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 358 in 82 families.
 Heybat Beyglu (Persian: هيبت بيگلو‎ also Romanized as Heybat Beyglū; also known as Heibat Bakloo Heybat Beglū Heybat Beyg Heybat Beyk Kheibashbai Kheybashbay and Kheyr Bāsh Beyk) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 28 families.
 Alaylı is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Āṣlāḥābād and Shāh Bakhsh) is a village in Belharat Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 712 in 180 families.
 Sirakoro is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 10 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 10325.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kłecko 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Gniezno and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.It has a population of 45 people and 2 crazy dogs called Sonia and Tosia
 Bahunidanda is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2365 persons living in 401 individual households.
 Lubasz [ˈlubaʂ] is a village in Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubasz. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Czarnków and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 2500.
 Skudzawy [skuˈd͡zavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ćwiklice [t͡ɕfiˈklit͡sɛ] (German Cwiklitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczyna within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pszczyna and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of approximately 2400.
 Shahrak-e Tareh Tajemi Sahlabad (Persian: شهرك طرح تجميع سهل آباد‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Tareḥ Tajemīʿ Sahlābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 24 families.
 Lurabi (Persian: لورابي‎ also Romanized as Lūrābī) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District Shahu District Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 6 families.
 Kalas is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kundgol taluk of Dharwad district in Karnataka. This is the native place of Guru Govindabhatta who is the guru of Santha Shishunal Sharif. Today we can find Samadhi of Guru Govindabhatta here. His aradhana (death anniversary) takes place every year during summer.
 Bhimsthan is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4481 people living in 785 individual households.
 Mazraeh-ye Telal Zard (Persian: مزرعه تلال زرد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Telāl Zard) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Antonin [anˈtɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 48 km (30 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Cham Khazam-e Yek (Persian: چم خزام يك‎ also Romanized as Cham Khazām-e Yek; also known as Cham Kazām Cham Kazām-e Yek and Chamkharām-e Yek) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 23 families.
 Rębków [ˈrɛmpkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Garwolin and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Maulali is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2521 and had 513 houses in the village.
 Delanson is a village in Schenectady County New York United States. The population was 377 at the 2010 census. Delanson is in the southeast portion of the town of Duanesburg.
 Netrakali is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2779 people living in 452 individual households.
 Jasienna [jaˈɕenːa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Korzenna 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1000.
 Golgun (Persian: گلگون‎ also Romanized as Golgūn) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Clifton is a village in Clark and Greene Counties in the U.S. state of Ohio and is home to the Clifton Mill one of the largest water powered grist mills still in existence. The population was 152 at the 2010 census.The Greene County portion of Clifton is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area while the Clark County portion is part of the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Kolonia Stary Ratyniec [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈstarɨ raˈtɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dębnica [dɛmbˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Człuchów and 117 km (73 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 325.
 Bala Jir Kuh (Persian: بالاجيركوه‎ also Romanized as Bālā Jīr Kūh; also known as Jīr Kūh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Kutukuluru is an Indian village in Anaparthy mandal of East Godavari district Andhra Pradesh.Kutukuluru is at the central point of the triangle formed by the nearby towns Mandapeta Anaparthy and Ramachandrapuram.
 Piparhawa is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2862 and had 247 houses in the village.
 Moskiewce [mɔsˈkʲɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dargomyśl [darˈɡɔmɨɕl] (German: Hoffelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sari Miri (Persian: ساري ميري‎ also Romanized as Sārī Mīrī; also known as Sarimiri) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 83 families.
 Pudukuppam (Tamil: புதுக்குப்பம்) is a village in Bahour Commune of Bahour taluk in the Union Territory of Puducherry India. It lies east of NH-45A at a distance of 2 km from it.
 Walkowice [valkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Czarnków and 72 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Krukowo [kruˈkɔvɔ] (German: Seehöhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Choceń 17 km (11 mi) south of Włocławek and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Bieździedza [bjɛʑˈd͡ʑɛd͡za] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczyce within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Kołaczyce 8 km (5 mi) north of Jasło and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1300.
 Vairag is a developed village in Barshi Taluka of Solapur district in Maharashtra India. The village is located centrally between Solapur District and Tehsil Barshi.Its population is approximately 25000 as per 2001 census.Vairag is full of ancient temples. It is very famous for its Aadat Bazar. During the Nizam regime it was a great marketplace.
 Qelich Qeshlaqi (Persian: قليچ قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Qelīch Qeshlāqī; also known as Qelenj Qeshlāq (Persian: قلنج قشلاق) Qelench Qeshlāq and Qelīch Qeshlāq) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 13 families.
 Samal-e Shomali (Persian: سمل شمالي‎ also Romanized as Samal-e Shomālī; also known as Samal) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 829 in 207 families.
 Chah Bid-e Do (Persian: چاه بيد2‎ also Romanized as Chāh Bīd-e Do; also known as Chāh Bīd) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Deh-e Masud (Persian: ده مسعود‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mas‘ūd; also known as Deh-e Mas‘ūdābād) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Wymysłów-Piaski [vɨˈmɨswuf ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Dobroń 10 km (6 mi) west of Pabianice and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Akpınar is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Ashtakhu (Persian: اشتاخو‎ also Romanized as Āshtākhū; also known as Eshtā Khān Āshtākhūn Eshtadkhūn Eshtākhan Eshtākhoon Eshtākhūn Eshtāqān and Ishtākhūn) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 31 families.
 Śleszynek [ɕlɛˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Żychlin 21 km (13 mi) east of Kutno and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tahaneh-ye Sofla (Persian: طهنه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ţahaneh-ye Soflá and Ţahneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 18 families.
 Hezar Khal (Persian: هزارخال‎ also Romanized as Hezār Khāl) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 25 families.
 Sarandí del Arapey is a village or populated centre in the eastern part of the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay.
 Chikan (Persian: چيكان‎ also Romanized as Chīkān) is a village in Komehr Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 20 families.
 Brzyskorzystew [bʐɨskɔˈʐɨstɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Żnin and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Dallarca is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Franknowo [frankˈnɔvɔ] (German Frankenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Khaleh Sar (Persian: خاله سر‎ also Romanized as Khāleh Sar; also known as Khālsar) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 60 families.
 Argyle is a village in Maries and Osage counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 162 at the 2010 census.The Osage County part of Argyle is part of the Jefferson City Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Viisli is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Savareh (Persian: سواره‎ also Romanized as Savāreh; also known as Savāreh-ye Bālā) is a village in Meshgin-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 38 families.
 Zavinaq (Persian: ذوينق‎ also Romanized as Z̄avīnaq; also known as Zavanaq Zavanīq Zavnīq Zoonaq Zūneh and Zvina) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 92 families.
 Małogoskie [mawɔˈɡɔskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Strawczyn and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 130.
 Mrkovi is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dziękowizna [d͡ʑenkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kanivenarayanapura is a centrally located historical town situated 6 km from Chikballapur 3 km from Nandi Town and 1 km from Muddenahalli in Chikballapur District of Karnataka State. It is adjacent to the birthplace of the renowned Mokshagundam Visvesvarayya one of India's most legendary engineers. It is situated with a picturesque backdrop of the five hills of North Bangalore including Nandi Hills Channa Giri Skandagiri and Brahma Giri.
 Mohammadabad-e Aqa Zadeh (Persian: محمداباداقازاده‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Āqā Zādeh; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Mojtahedī Moḩammadābād and Muhammadābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Potok [ˈpɔtɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlicze within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Jedlicze 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Krosno and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 1800.
 Abellu (Persian: ابللو‎ also Romanized as Abellū and Ablalū; also known as Abella Ābla and Ablū) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 45 families.
 Kursztyn [ˈkurʂtɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gniew 25 km (16 mi) south of Tczew and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 476.
 Tak Mazhani (Persian: تك ماژاني‎ also Romanized as Tak Māzhānī and Tak Māhjānī; also known as Tag-e Māhjānī) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rootsiküla Tartu County is a village in Alatskivi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Letlhakane is a village in the Central District of Botswana. It is located south of Mmatshumo and the population of the village was 20841 in 2011 census.Within 15–20 km of Letlhakane are three diamond mines operated by Debswana: Letlhakane mine in south-east Orapa in north-west and Damtshaa in north.The Botswana Prison Service (BPS) operates the Letlhakane Prison.
 Hoseynabad-e Siahab (Persian: حسين ابادسياه اب‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sīāhāb. Ḩoseynābād-e Sīāb and Ḩoseynābād-e Seyāb) is a village in Deh Abbas Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 17 families.
 Kopaniny [kɔpaˈninɨ] (German: Krebskathen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ribartsi (Bulgarian: Рибарци) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 195.29 kilometres (121.35 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 1.997 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 44 people.
 Yaghmur Ali (Persian: يغمورعلي‎ also Romanized as Yaghmūr ‘Alī; also known as Yaghmūr A‘lá) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 72 families.
 Tezenj (Persian: طزنج‎ also Romanized as Ţezenj) is a village in Miankuh Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 82 families.
 Khaneh Sar (Persian: خانه سر‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Sar) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 30 families.
 Mohammad Salehi (Persian: محمدصالحي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Şāleḩī and Muhammad Sālehī; also known as Mehmad Sādī Muhammad Sa-adi and Muhammad Sa‘aīd) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1374 in 289 families.
 Kannambra-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the Kannambra gram panchayat together with Kannambra-II.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4368 in 1002 families.
 Edakkode is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Ayshabad (Persian: عيش اباد‎ also Romanized as ʿAyshābād) is a village in Mahmudabad-e Seyyed Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gangavaram is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is one of the villages with a scarcity of water and food and minimum facilities for the citizens.
 Konukça is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Đeđevo (Cyrillic: Ђеђево) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tolombeh-ye Mahmudabad-e Zeynali (Persian: تلمبه محمودابادزينلي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Maḩmūdābād-e Zeynalī) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād; also known as Faqīrābād) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kolincz [ˈkɔlint͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Starogard Gdański and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 375.
 Meymunabad (Persian: ميمون آباد‎ also Romanized as Meymūnābād; also known as Mehmānābād and Moḩammadābād) is a village in Sis Rural District Bolbanabad District Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 28 families.
 Dytmarów [dɨtˈmaruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lubrza 7 km (4 mi) east of Prudnik and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 559.
 Moszczenica [mɔʂt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Moszczenica. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 2571.
 Rokitnica [rɔkitˈnit͡sa] (German: Röchlitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Złotoryja and 74 kilometres (46 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nochówko [nɔˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Śrem and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Skjervøy is a village and the administrative centre in the municipality of Skjervøy in Troms county Norway. The village is located on the island of Skjervøya along the Kvænangen near the mouth of the Reisafjorden. The 1.3-square-kilometre (320-acre) village has a population (2012) of 2316 which gives the village a population density of 1782 inhabitants per square kilometre (4620 /sq mi).The village is based around the fishing industry. It is a stop on the Hurtigruten express boats.
 Podoryszew [pɔdɔˈrɨʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Siennica Różana [ɕenˈnit͡sa ruˈʐana] is a village in Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Siennica Różana. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Krasnystaw and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Thrikkadeeri -II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kalateh-ye Kazem (Persian: كلاته كاظم‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Kāz̧em and Kalāteh-e Kāz̧em) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District Bala Velayat District Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 816 in 164 families.
 Kandalur is a village in Tiruchirappalli taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Kolonia Wrzelów [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvʐɛluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kownacin [kɔvˈnat͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Kolno and 79 km (49 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 30.
 Bowang is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4920 and had 992 houses in the town.
 Cugovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D28 highway.
 Dush (also known as Dushi Dusi-Eper and Dushi i Epërmë) is a village in the Qerret municipality Pukë District Shkodër County northern Albania.
 Salamah is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Ghansimiyanguda is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.
 Parądzice [parɔnˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wartkowice 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 86.
 İncirlik is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Putu (Persian: پوتو‎ also Romanized as Pūtū) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 76 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād and Mahmood Abad; also known as Mazra‘eh) is a village in Meshkan Rural District Poshtkuh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Świątki [ˈɕfjɔntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Klonowa 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 84 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gitari (Persian: گيتري‎ also Romanized as Gītarī and Gītrī) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 43 families.
 Khvodlan (Persian: خودلان‎ also Romanized as Khvodlān) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 85 families.
 Cheshmeh-ye Seyyed (Persian: چشمه سيد‎) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 18 families.
 Bon Zard-e Olya (Persian: بن زردعليا‎ also Romanized as Bon Zard-e ‘Olyā and Bon Zard ‘Olyā; also known as Bon Zard and Bon Zard-e Bālā) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 126 families.
 Dangibari is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7472.It boarders with Ghaliadubba Charpane Garamani Chakchaki Saranamati and Surunga VDCs. It is divided to eight wards.
 Sefid Kuh (Persian: سفيدكوه‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Kūh) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 27 families.
 Nakhl-e Jamal (Persian: نخل جمال‎ also Romanized as Nakhl-e Jamāl and Nakhl-i-Jamāl) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 66 families.
 Crljenac is a village in the municipality of Malo Crniće Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 969 people.
 Antoniewo [antɔˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zagheh-ye Anuch (Persian: زاغه انوچ‎ also Romanized as Zāgheh-ye Anūch and Zāgheh Anūch; also known as Zāgheh-ye Anūj) is a village in Sefidkuh Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 39 families.
 Nangegadda is a small coastal village in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India. It is located on the banks of Krishna River.The population is about 5000. Agriculture and aquaculture are the primary occupations.
 Nanganur (Telugu: నంగునూరు) is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Kupinovac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Cheshmeh Madan Siyah (Persian: چشمه معدن سياه‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ma‘dan Sīyāh; also known as Cheshmeh Ma‘dan) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 8 families.
 Ladnapur is a village in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.
 Gornji Krivodol is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 17 people.
 Sudół [ˈsuduu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 670.
 Khud-e Pain (Persian: خودپايين‎ also Romanized as Khūd-e Pā’īn; also known as Khod-e-Pā’īn Khūd-e Soflá and Khūde Soflá) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 26 families.
 Reczyce [rɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniewice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Domaniewice 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Łowicz and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 600.
 Si Tall (Persian: سي تل‎ also Romanized as Sī Tall) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 18 families.
 Motipur is a Village Development Committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5601 people residing in 927 individual households.
 Qeshlaq-e Tumar Hajj Ghayib (Persian: قشلاق تومارحاج غايب‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Tūmār Ḩājj Ghāyīb) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lamab-e Gol Espid (Persian: لم اب گل اسپيد‎ also Romanized as Lamāb-e Gol Espīd) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 7 families.
 Aq Otaq (Persian: اق اطاق‎ also Romanized as Āq Oţāq; also known as Āgh Oţāq) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 58 families.
 Yeniçelik is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Kalenderi (Cyrillic: Календери) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gurlhosur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Winów [ˈvinuf] (German Winau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prószków within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Prószków and 5 km (3 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Swojczany [sfɔi̯ˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Charsznica 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Miechów and 39 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 930.
 Crni Kao (Serbian: Црни Као) is a village in the municipality of Batočina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 446 people.
 Stara Przysieka Pierwsza [ˈstara pʂɨˈɕɛka ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Akpınar is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Bhakunde is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3833 and had 697 houses in the village. Elevations in this VDC range from 950 to 2215 meters.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Rogów 10 km (6 mi) east of Brzeziny and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Naveh Fereh (Persian: ناوه فره‎ also Romanized as Nāveh Fereh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 52 families.
 Turjak (Serbian: Турјак) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mezg (Persian: مزگ‎) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 18 families.
 Brzezinki [bʐɛˈʑinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wałcz and 124 km (77 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 110.
 Sheyd Esfahan (Persian: شيداصفهان‎ also Romanized as Sheyd Eşfahān and Sheid Esfahan; also known as Shīr Eşfahān Shāh Eşfahān Shashivan Shāshiwān and Shāşofān) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2695 in 724 families.
 Harpster is a village in Wyandot County Ohio United States. The population was 204 at the 2010 census.
 Manderek (Persian: مندرك‎ also Romanized as Mandrak and Menderek) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 313 in 64 families.
 İsalı is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Słoptów [ˈswɔptuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lipnik 11 km (7 mi) south of Opatów and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Hirad (Persian: هيرد‎ also Romanized as Hīrad and Hīrod; also known as Hūrāid and Hūrīd) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 27 families.
 Kodihalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kanakapura taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Ostrá (Nymburk District) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rezayi (Persian: رضايي‎ also Romanized as Rez'āyī) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 7 families.
 Gonbadan (Persian: گنبدان‎ also Romanized as Gonbadān) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 60 families.
 Reddipalli is a village in the Anantapur district Andhra Pradesh India. It is divided into 18 habitations.
 Cheshmeh Rugheni (Persian: چشمه روغني‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rūghenī Chashmeh Rowghanī Chashmeh Rugheni Cheshmeh Roghanī Cheshmeh Rowghanī and Cheshmeh-ye Rowghanī; also known as Bunneh Chashmeh Rughāni) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 15 families.
 Ušće (Serbian: Ушће) is a village situated in Obrenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Jezierzyce Małe [jɛʑɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kondratowice 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Strzelin and 35 kilometres (22 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Orvelte is a village in the Dutch province of Drenthe. It is a part of the municipality of Midden-Drenthe and lies about 18 km northeast of Hoogeveen.Orvelte presents itself as a museum village. There is a saw mill a blacksmith and a wooden shoe maker all open to the public. In Orvelte live less than a 100 people.
 Tolombeh-ye Karnama (Persian: تلمبه كارنما‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Kārnamā) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darreh Gol (Persian: دره گل‎) is a village in Shahr Meyan Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 11 families.
 Mątyki [mɔnˈtɨki] (German: Montig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Iława and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Tasheh Kabud (Persian: تاشه كبود‎ also Romanized as Ţāsheh Kabūd; also known as Tāshkabūd) is a village in Ansar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 36 families.
 Dydule [dɨˈdulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kalkup is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Antonin [anˈtɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Żerków 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Naganur (P.K.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Siah Khani (Persian: سياه خاني‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Khānī and Sīāhkhānī and Sīāh Khānī) is a village in Maspi Rural District in the Central District of Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 27 families.
 Niezgoda [ɲezˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Żmigród 24 km (15 mi) north of Trzebnica and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hermanówka [xɛrmaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Juchnowiec Kościelny and 10 km (6 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Shojaabad (Persian: شجاع اباد or شجاع آباد‎ also Romanized as Shojā‘ābād) is a village in Shirang Rural District Kamalan District Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 80 families.
 Razband (Persian: رزبند‎; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Zarband Mazra‘eh-ye Amīr and Zar Band) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Chakur is a village in Latur subdivision of Latur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is also the headquarters for Chakur Taluka. The village is located on Maharashtra State Highway 3 (Kolhapur-Nagpur Highway).
 Kalangani is a village in Tamil Nadu India located on the National Highway NH 7 11 km before Namakkal on the Salem to Namakkal route.There is One Govt Hr. sec school (ADW) its very helpful for surrounding village students
 Sarıkaya is a village in the District of Kıbrısçık Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 107 people.
 Jashahr (Persian: جاشهر‎ also Romanized as Jāshahr) is a village in Arad Rural District Arad District Gerash County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Pudakalakatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Mrač is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Deh Qaleh (Persian: ده قلعه‎ also Romanized as Deh Qal’eh and Deh-e Qal‘eh) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 58 families.
 Arviz (Persian: ارويز‎ also Romanized as Ārvīz; also known as Ābrīz and Arbīz) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 88 families.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Mogilno and 51 km (32 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Kobylnica Ruska [kɔbɨlˈɲit͡sa ˈruska] (Ukrainian: Кобильниця Руська Kobyl’nytsia Rus’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wielkie Oczy 18 km (11 mi) south of Lubaczów and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Aela is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Kamionek [kaˈmjɔnɛk] (German: Steinberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gorčinci is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 537 people.
 Narabi (Persian: نرابي‎ also Romanized as Narābī; also known as Narāb Narāb Bālā and Narāb-e Bālā) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Dörekler is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 144 people.
 Kirtland Hills is a village in Lake County Ohio United States. The population was 646 at the 2010 census.
 Abdu Chal (Persian: ابدوچال‎ also Romanized as Ābdū Chāl; also known as Ābdārbū Chāl) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 8 families.
 Oldeholtpade (West Frisian: Aldeholtpea) is a small village in Weststellingwerf in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 1072 citizens (2008).
 Sorkhanlu (Persian: سرخانلو‎ also Romanized as Sorkhānlū) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 53 families.
 Nowe Brzeźno [ˈnɔvɛ ˈbʐɛʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzyń within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kallimadayam is a Village Panchayat under Thoppampatti Union of Oddanchatram taluk on Oddanchatram-Dharapuram Road Dindigul district Tamil Nadu. Kallimandayam is located 17.6 km distance from its Taluk Main Town Thoppampatti. Kallimandayam is 40.7 km far from its District Main City Dindigul. Its PIN code is 624616.
 Suttons Bay is a village in Leelanau County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 618 at the 2010 census. The village was incorporated in 1898 and is located within Suttons Bay Township.
 Utolica is a village in Croatia.
 Ali Malek (Persian: علي ملك‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālī Malek; Alīmalek and ‘Alī Molk) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 55 families.
 Siwana is a Tehsil in Barmer district in Indian state of Rajasthan located 151 km from Barmer. The place is known for its fort which is locally known as Gadh Siwana Gadh means Fort. Siwana have 129 villages. total Population as per 2001 census is 213648 111155 male and 102493 female.Siwana is near Balotara.
 Kalište is a village in the municipality of Malo Crniće Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 478 people.
 Chrzanowo [xʂaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Krahnsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Łęczyce 25 km (16 mi) west of Wejherowo and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Nasva is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Ballylongford (historically Bealalongford from Irish: Béal Átha Longfoirt meaning ford-mouth of anchorage) is a village near Listowel in north County Kerry Ireland.
 Gornja Obrijež is a village in Croatia.
 Kareh Kang (Persian: كره كنگ‎) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stolec ([ˈstɔlɛt͡s]; translation: thronereigning chair ) (German Stolzenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Dobra 17 km (11 mi) west of Police and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Dešiška is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 38 people.
 Gornja Tramošnica (Cyrillic: Горња Трамошница) is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Narhar is an ancient town situated in Jhunjhunu district in Rajasthan India. It is Located at a distance of . The people pour forth from all over the country on the famous Fair of the Janama Ashthami. It is an emblem of National integrity.
 Szadki [ˈʂatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Serock 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Legionowo and 32 km (20 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 130.
 Cutusuma is a location in the La Paz Department in Bolivia. It is the seat of the Villa Asunta Canton one of the five cantons of the Chulumani Municipality in the Sud Yungas Province. At the time of census 2001 it had 331 inhabitants.
 Wronów [ˈvrɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Krotoszyn and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Khanian (Persian: خانيان‎ also Romanized as Khānīān and Khānīyān) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Deh Kaberi (Persian: ده كبري‎ also Romanized as Deh Kaberī) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 37 families.
 Barzeh (Persian: برزه‎) is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 63 families.
 Ali Beyg Kandi (Persian: علي بيگ كندي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Beyg Kandī; also known as Alba Kand Alba Kandi Al’ ba-Kendy ‘Alī Bekandī and ‘Alī Beyk Kandī) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 27 families.
 Kahir-e Borz-e Bala (Persian: كهيربرزبالا‎ also Romanized as Kahīr-e Borz-e Bālā; also known as Kahīr-e Borz) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 557 in 115 families.
 Talkhab-e Sofla (Persian: تلخ اب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Soflá; also known as Talkhāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 21 families.
 Subotica is a village in the municipality of Svilajnac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 757 people.
 Reczul [ˈrɛt͡ʂul] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Głuchów 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Skierniewice and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Esivere is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Qaraylar (Persian: قرايلر‎ also Romanized as Qarāylar and Qarailar; also known as Gharatlar and Gharaylar) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Teilma is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Wola [ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą 27 km (17 mi) south of Płońsk and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Wyczechowo [vɨt͡ʂɛˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Somonino 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Kartuzy and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 392.
 Vĩnh Mỹ A is a commune (xã) and village in Hòa Binh District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Varvar-e Olya (Persian: وروارعليا‎ also Romanized as Varvār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brąchnowo [brɔ̃xˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 501.
 Damaramadugu is an agricultural village located in Buchireddipalem mandal of Nellore district Andhra Pradesh India. This village is located about seven miles from Nellore city on the Nellore - Kadapa high-way between Nellore and Buchireddipalem.
 Deronje (Serbian Cyrillic: Дероње) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Odžaci municipality in the West Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population is 2847 people (2002 census).
 Mowtowr-e Ruhollah Bamri (Persian: موتور روح اله بامري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Rūḩollah Bāmrī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 5 families.
 Jasena (Serbian: Јасена) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mohebb-e Pain (Persian: محب پائين‎ also Romanized as Moḩebb-e Pā’īn; also known as Kalāteh-ye Moḩebb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Qabaq Tappeh (Persian: قباق تپه‎ also Romanized as Qabāq Tappeh and Qabaq Tepe; also known as Ghabagh Tappeh Hajebloo Qābākh Tappeh and Qapāq Tepe) is a village in Raheb Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3653 in 889 families.
 Khaneqah-e Olya (Persian: خانقاه عليا‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e ‘Olyā and Khānqāh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 950 in 264 families.
 Sar Khareh-ye Sofla (Persian: سرخره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sar Khareh-ye Soflá and Sarkharreh Soflá; also known as Sar Khowr Sar Khowrreh and Sarkhurreh) is a village in Cham Khalaf-e Isa Rural District Cham Khalaf-e Isa District Hendijan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 27 families.
 Wrociszów [vrɔˈt͡ɕiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowa Sól and 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Kasegar Mahalleh (Persian: كاسگرمحله‎ also Romanized as Kāsegar Mahalleh; also known as Kāseh Gar Maḩalleh) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1121 in 251 families.
 Amballur is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Krobusz [ˈkrɔbuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Biała Prudnicka 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nowduz (Persian: نودوز‎ also Romanized as Nowdūz) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 959 in 209 families.
 Gutti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Sar Kandeh-ye Pain (Persian: سركنده پايين‎ also Romanized as Sar Kandeh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Sar Kandeh) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Sidłów [ˈɕidwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 190.
 Nandnama is one of the largest villages in the Lakhisarai district in the Indian state of Bihar. It is 11.4 km from the administrative district headquarters in Lakhisarai town and 117 km from the state capital Patna. Nandnama currently has a population of 15000 people and is well-connected to its surroundings both by road and railway links. The village is named after the God Nandnama.The village includes schools colleges and other educational institutions.
 Dukt [dukt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Glinojeck 18 km (11 mi) west of Ciechanów and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Balte (Cyrillic: Балте) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Podjanowszczyzna [pɔdjanɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Cheshmeh Bamuni-ye Charbiyun (Persian: چشمه بموني چربيون‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bamūnī-ye Charbīyūn) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bajdaneh-ye Olya (Persian: بجدانه عليا‎ also Romanized as Bajdāneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Garagoumsa is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Mäletjärve is a village in Mäksa Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Nidagal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ab Tarikan-e Pain (Persian: آب تاريكان پايين‎ also Romanized as Āb Tārīkān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 38 families.
 Raziabad-e Bala (Persian: رضي ابادبالا‎ also Romanized as Raẕīābād-e Bālā and Raẕīābād Bālā; also known as Raẕīābād) is a village in Razakan Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5137 in 1256 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also known as Ja‘farābād-e Nūq and Ja‘far Abad Noq) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 78 families.
 Melakalakudi is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Samakh (Arabic: سمخ‎) was a Palestinian Arab village located at the southern end of the Lake Tiberias in Palestine. It had a population of 3320 Arab Muslims and Arab Christians in 1945. The town's inhabitants fled after Haganah forces captured the town on March 3 1948 with the remainder leaving in the wake of an assault by the Golani Brigade against the Syrian army on April 18 1948.
 Dalas (Persian: دلس‎; also known as Dalsaq) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 7 families.
 Baghuyeh (Persian: باغوئيه‎ also Romanized as Bāghū’īyeh; also known as Baghoo Bāghū Bāghūyeh and Bāgu) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 13 families.
 Nalakadoddi (Telugu: నలకదొడ్డి) is a Village in Pattikonda mandal in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh India.Nalakadoddi is such a sweet Village in Pattikonda Mandal in Kurnool District in Andhra Pradesh State. Nalakadoddi is 12.3 km far from its Mandal Main Town Pattikonda. Nalakadoddi is located 77 km distance from its District Main City Kurnool.
 Pruchna [ˈpruxna] is a village in Gmina Strumień Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship Poland. It has a population of 2442 (2008). Pruchna lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.The name of the village is probably derived from the rotten trees (to rot is próchnieć in Polish).The village was first mentioned in a Latin document of Diocese of Wrocław called Liber fundationis episcopatus Vratislaviensis from around 1305 as Prochna.
 Shekar Cheshmeh (Persian: شكرچشمه‎) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Gundu is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5689 with 1257 houses in it.
 Abmah (Persian: ابماه‎ also Romanized as Ābmāh; also known as Āb Mār) is a village in Gohreh Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 31 families.
 Pastal Kuh (Persian: پس طالكوه‎ also Romanized as Pasţāl Kūh; also known as Pastaleh Kūh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 30 families.
 Khaungton is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Stróża [ˈstruʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kraśnik and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.In 2006 the village had a population of 742.
 Bogdása is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Metesh (Persian: متش‎) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Dodurga is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 129 people.
 Sarıkaya Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pszczonki [ˈpʂt͡ʂɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Byczyna within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Ciecierzyn [t͡ɕeˈt͡ɕeʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nowe Studzianki [ˈnɔvɛ stuˈd͡ʑaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Suchoraba [suxɔˈraba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niepołomice within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Niepołomice 10 km (6 mi) east of Wieliczka and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 La Silleta is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Sandvika is the administrative centre of the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It lies on the northeastern shore of the lake Laksjøen about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of the village of Holand. The main church for northern Lierne Nordli Church is located on the northern edge of Sandvika. The 0.46-square-kilometre (110-acre) village has a population (2011) of 218. The population density is 474 inhabitants per square kilometre (1230 /sq mi).
 Kesimpa or Keshimpa is a small village Shia Jafari Mashayakhi Momin Jamat in Mehsana district in the state of Gujarat India.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 34 families.
 Okopy [ɔˈkɔpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dorohusk 22 km (14 mi) east of Chełm and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Jelu (Persian: جلو‎ also Romanized as Jelū) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 66 families.
 Łukowiec [wuˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parysów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Parysów 10 km (6 mi) north of Garwolin and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Howz-e Chah-e Pey Ab (Persian: حوض چاه پي اب‎ also Romanized as Ḩowẕ-e Chāh-e Pey Āb) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 14 families.
 Jowz-e Kangari (Persian: جوزكنگري‎ also Romanized as Jowz-e Kangarī; also known as Jowz-e Langarī) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 337 in 78 families.
 Kłomnice [kwɔmˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kłomnice. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2802.
 Czyżkowo [t͡ʂɨʂˈkɔvɔ] (German: Ziskau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lipka 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Złotów and 121 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 210.
 Tenaha Mauritania is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Paliad is a village located in the district of Gandhinagar Gujarat India.
 Sint Jacobiparochie (West Frisian: Sint Jabik) is a town in the municipality of Het Bildt in Friesland the Netherlands. It lies about 13 km. north of Franeker and has approximately 1700 inhabitants.St. Jacobiparochie was founded in the 16th century largely by Dutch settlers from South Holland. Today both Dutch and West Frisian are spoken in the town. The town was originally named Wijngaarden (not to be confused with Wijngaarden in South Holland) while St.
 Rusna is a village situated in Doljevac municipality in Serbia.
 Karakuyu is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Rangeh Rizhan (Persian: رنگه ريژان‎ also Romanized as Rangeh Rīzhān) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 71 families.
 Drzykozy [dʐɨˈkɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Daszyna 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kayarlı is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Miłaków [miˈwakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nowe Miasteczko 15 km (9 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 350.
 Suối Rao is a commune (xã) and village in Châu Đức District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Naserabad-e Talarak (Persian: ناصر آباد تلارك‎ also Romanized as Nāşerābād-e Talārak) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Kur Shurab-e Alishah (Persian: كورشوراب عليشاه‎ also Romanized as Kūr Shūrāb-e ‘Alīshāh; also known as Kūr Shūrāb-e Soflá) is a village in Mamulan Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 28 families.
 Periya Nagapoondi is a panchayat village located in Tiruvallur district of Tamil Nadu India. Per 2001 census the population of the village was 1571.
 Gur-e Bizhan (Persian: گوربيژن‎ also Romanized as Gūr-e Bīzhan; also known as Gūr Bīzān and Gūr-e Bīzan) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 24 families.
 Zmysłowo [zmɨˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 About this sound Andenes is a village and former municipality in the Vesterålen district of Nordland county Norway. The municipality encompassed the northern part of the island of Andøya in the present-day municipality of Andøy.The village of Andenes is the northernmost settlement of the island of Andøya and in Nordland county. To the east is the island of Senja (in Troms county) and to the west the endless horizon of the North Atlantic Ocean.
 Lipienica [lipjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kowalewo Pomorskie 11 km (7 mi) west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Stefanowo [stɛfaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Pivnice (Cazin) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Anusin [aˈnuɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Siedliszcze 25 km (16 mi) west of Chełm and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Abernethy is a small community of 197 people in Saskatchewan Canada ranking 4037th in Canada in terms of population located about one hour east of Regina and one hour west of Yorkton. The current mayor is Janet Englot and the town council consists of Brian Wilkes Roy Bearden Beverley Halford and Kevin Stryker.
 Łąki Bratiańskie [ˈwɔnki braˈtjaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.According to the Polish version of this Wikipedia page a Reformed Franciscan monastery existed in Łąki Bratiańskie from 1631 to 1882. The monastery was a popular destination for religious pilgrims especially those coming from Kashubian towns.
 Manakola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bebrina is a village and a municipality in the Brod-Posavina County Croatia. There are a total of 3541 inhabitants in the municipality with 93.53% Croats and 3.02% Ukrainians (2001 census).The people live 7 naselja: Banovci - 400 Bebrina - 521 Dubočac - 282 Kaniža - 824 Stupnički Kuti - 394 Šumeće - 610 Zbjeg - 510↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Mšecké Žehrovice is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zirrah (Persian: زيرراه‎ also Romanized as Zīrrāh Zīrāh and Zīr Rāh; also known as Sīr-e Rāh Sīr Rāh Zira and Zīreh) is a village in Zirrah Rural District Sadabad District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 31 families.
 Kopanie Zmysłowskie [kɔˈpaɲɛ zmɨˈswɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żołynia within Łańcut County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Chahkanduk (Persian: چهكندوك‎ also Romanized as Chāhkandūk) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Martew [ˈmartɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Tuczno 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Wałcz and 105 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.The village has a population of 100.
 Fartan-e Tazeh (Persian: فرطان تازه‎ also Romanized as Farţān-e Tāzeh; also known as Fartan) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1135 in 263 families.
 Irapuram is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Grabce Józefpolskie [ˈɡrapt͡sɛ juzɛfˈpɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Mszczonów 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Tayekan (Persian: تايكان‎ also Romanized as Tāyekān) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 38 families.
 Kambarawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bijar (Persian: بيجار‎ also Romanized as Bījār) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 57 families.
 Lutomia Górna [luˈtɔmja ˈɡurna] (German: Ober Leutmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Świdnica and 56 kilometres (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Gaberovo Burgas Province is a village in the municipality of Pomorie in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Edavilangu is a village in Kodungallur in Thrissur district Kerala India 5 km distance from its Taluk Main Town Kodungallur and 38 km distance from its District Main City Thrissur .Edavilangu Pin Code is 680671. The west side of Edavilangu is the Arabian sea. Lots of devotees pass through this village at the time of Kodungallur bharani mahotsavam. GHS Edavilangu is the main educational institution in Edavilangu.
 Ören is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 51 people.
 Górka [ˈɡurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Osieczna 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Leszno and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lothkan is a village in Taunggyi Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located west of the town of Loisawn. A road connects it to Nawnge in the east and Nampan on the south shore of Inle Lake in the west.
 Tang-e Rud (Persian: تنگ رود‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Rūd) is a village in Faryab Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 78 families.
 Pawłowo [paˈvwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Olsztynek and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 195.
 Bolasyanahatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Yolo is a village and seat of the commune of Diédougou in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The village lies 80 km east-northeast of Ségou.
 Ługi [ˈwuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Zwoleń and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Czartajew [t͡ʂarˈtajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 76 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dudka [ˈdutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wydminy 17 km (11 mi) east of Giżycko and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 130.
 Lulham (Persian: لول هام‎ also Romanized as Lūlhām; also known as Golhām and Lolhām) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 50 families.
 Pittsboro is a village in Calhoun County Mississippi. The population was 212 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Calhoun County.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Beşiktaş is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Taleh Sar (Persian: تله سر‎) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Karan (Persian: كران‎ also Romanized as Karān) is a village in Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4227 in 955 families.
 Chalgan (Persian: چلگان‎ also Romanized as Chalgān and Chalegān; also known as Chālekān Chālīān and Chalpan) is a village in Taham Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 86 families.
 Shahrak-e Muk (Persian: شهرك موك‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Mūk; also known as Mook and Mūk) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 58 families.
 LaRue is a village in Marion County Ohio United States. The population was 747 at the 2010 census.
 Godkowo [ɡɔtˈkɔvɔ] (German: Göttchendorf) is a village in Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Godkowo. It lies approximately 34 kilometres (21 mi) east of Elbląg and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 260.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Gidle 10 km (6 mi) south of Radomsko and 89 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ruch-e Darreh (Persian: روچ دره‎ also Romanized as Rūch-e Darreh) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brzeźnica [bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Radłów 15 km (9 mi) west of Tarnów and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 124.
 Wewakele is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Wielogłowy [vjɛlɔˈɡwɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Damnica 9 km (6 mi) east of Słupsk and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 Donalda is a village in central Alberta east of Ponoka. It was founded in 1911 and takes its name from Donalda Crossway a niece of Sir Donald Mann a Canadian Northern Railway official. It is home to the World's Largest Oil Lamp a 12.8 metres (42 ft) high structure one of the Giants of the Prairies. The village was first named Eidswold by the Norwegian settlers who first founded the community. It was renamed Donalda in 1910 when the railroad came through.
 Biduiyeh-ye Yek (Persian: بيدوييه 1‎ also Romanized as Bīdū’īyeh-e Yek; also known as Bīdū’īyeh and Bīdūyeh) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 17 families.
 Avilčiai /əˈvɪltʃeɪ/ is a small village in the Molėtai district municipality Lithuania halfway between the towns of Molėtai and Alanta. Only about 40 people mostly seniors live in Avilčiai.People lived in the environs of Avilčiai since ancient times as evidenced by archeological artifacts. During the Soviet times the village had a school and a library. There were 21 families (95 people) living there more than 60 years ago.
 Przydwórz [ˈpʂɨdvuʂ] (German: Schönfließ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 391 in 116 families.
 Iyo is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Kichi (Persian: كيچي‎ also Romanized as Kīchī; also known as Kechī and Kirichi) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 35 families.
 Nimbougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kadiolo in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 238 square kilometers and includes 5 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 9992. The village of Nimbougou the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune is 43 km northeast of Kadiolo and 8 km from the border with Burkina Faso The primary language is Senufo specifically Suppire.
 Himmiste is a village in Lümanda Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيرآباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Jask Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 15 families.
 Gowzluy-e Sofla (Persian: گوزللوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gowzlūy-e Soflá; also known as Gowzlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Orlovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Krakača is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Warzymowo [vaʐɨˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skulsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Skulsk 27 km (17 mi) north of Konin and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 140.
 Bala Mahalleh-ye Chukam (Persian: بالامحله چوكام‎ also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Chūkām; also known as Bāzār Chowgām Bāzār Chowkām Bāzār Chūkām Chokam Chowkām Chūkām and Chyukam) is a village in Chukam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2869 in 793 families.
 Akdamla is a village in the Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 112 people.
 Rusinowo [ruɕiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Świdwin and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Moqbelabad (Persian: مقبل اباد‎ also Romanized as Moqbelābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 9 families.
 Noskowo [nɔsˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Notzkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Sławno and 182 km (113 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 500.
 Kleive is a village in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located at the end of the Fannefjorden about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the village of Hjelset. Kleive Church is located in the village. The 0.78-square-kilometre (190-acre) village has a population (2012) of 493 which gives the village a population density of 632 inhabitants per square kilometre (1640 /sq mi).
 Villierstown (Irish: An Baile Nua meaning the new town) is a village in west County Waterford Ireland. It is situated on the banks of the River Blackwater. The latest census of 2006 recorded the population of the village at 260.The village is approximately 8 kilometres from Cappoquin and 20 kilometres from both Dungarvan and Youghal.
 Zir Tang (Persian: زيرتنگ‎ also Romanized as Zīr Tang) is a village in Dorud Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 Grabówek [ɡraˈbuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuplice within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Tuplice 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Żary and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Cheshmeh Khani-ye Sofla (Persian: چشمه خاني سفلي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khānī-ye Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Khānī and Chashmeh Khānī) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Fjellstrand is a village in Nesodden municipality Akershus Norway. The population was 832 as at 2005.A hairdresser and a grocery store can be found near the central bus stop of Fjellstrand. A relatively rocky beach at the ironically named Paradise Bay is one of the few tourist attractions in this area.Fjellstrand reached its peak in the 1920s when it was the biggest rural district on the Nesodden peninsula and beloved as a cabin area for the wealthy white collar workers of western Oslo.
 Mahur-e Basht (Persian: ماهورباشت‎ also Romanized as Māhūr-e Bāsht) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 79 families.
 Krusza Podlotowa [ˈkruʂa pɔdlɔˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Asayesh (Persian: اسايش‎ also Romanized as Āsāyesh) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 32 families.
 Zanguldar (Persian: زنگولدر‎ also Romanized as Zangūldar and Zangūl Dar; also known as Zangūlvār) is a village in Gerit Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Stawki [ˈstafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Węgorzewo and 87 km (54 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Batkušići (Serbian: Баткушићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Pirakuh Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 23 families.
 Arjak (Persian: ارجك‎ also Romanized as Erjak) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 6 families.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Shohada Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zawisty-Wity [zaˈvistɨ ˈvitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Wola Osowa [ˈvɔla ɔˈsɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Staszów and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 289.
 Shaleh Vil (Persian: شله ويل‎ also Romanized as Shaleh Vīl) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Sherkat-e Parseylun (Persian: شرکت پارسيلون‎ also Romanized as Sherkāt-e Pārseylūn; also known as Sherkāt-e Khāneh Hāye Sāzmānī and Sherkāt-e Khāneh Sāzī-ye Āz̄arbāyjān) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 65 families.
 Sheykh Ali Asghar (Persian: شيخ علي اصغر‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Alī Aşghar) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1450 in 234 families.
 Janówka Zachodnia [jaˈnufka zaˈxɔdɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Safar Shah (Persian: صفرشاه‎ also Romanized as Şafar Shāh and Şefr Shāh; also known as Gūrājū Şafar Shāh and Kūrāb Şafar Shāh) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 71 families.
 Swanton is a village in Fulton and Lucas counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 3690 at the 2010 census.
 Khirbat Iribbin (Arabic: خربة عربي‎) or Khurbet 'Arubbin (meaning The ruin of Arubbin) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Upper Galilee located 23 km (14 mi) northeast of the city of Acre. In 1945 it had a built-up land area of over 2000 dunums and a population of 360 Arab Muslims.
 Parzniew [ˈpaʐɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Brwinów 3 km (2 mi) south-west of Pruszków and 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Warsaw.During the Polish Defensive War on 12 September 1939 around 100 Polish prisoners of war were massacred in Parzniew by the German Wehrmacht.
 Kostreša (Serbian: Костреша) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Keregodu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mandya taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 General Alvear (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Grudziądz and 45 km (28 mi) north of Toruń.
 Bujały [buˈjawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sadkowice 21 km (13 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Belanovce is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 113 people.
 Mir Kuh-e Sofla (Persian: ميركوه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mīr Kūh-e Soflá; also known as Mīr Kūh-e Ḩājjī) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 23 families.
 Miłotki [miˈwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Szreńsk 22 km (14 mi) west of Mława and 112 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Saaremetsa is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Pielaszkowice [pjɛlaʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kahtu (Persian: كهتو‎ also Romanized as Kahtū; also known as Kahtūyeh) is a village in Meshkan Rural District Poshtkuh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 20 families.
 Velagadurru is a village in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Naungput is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Rogóźno [rɔˈɡuʑnɔ] (German: Roggenhausen) is a village in Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rogóźno. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Grudziądz and 60 km (37 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 960.
 Chah-e Ali Mohammadi (Persian: چاه علي محمدي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAlī Moḥammadī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Wilemowice [vilɛmɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Kamiennik 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Nysa and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Siah Varud (Persian: سياه ورود‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Varūd Seyāh Varūd Sīāh Vorūd and Sīyāh Varūd; also known as Seyāh Rūd Sīāhrūd Sīāveh Rūd and Siyakh-Rud) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 712 in 177 families.
 Khezrabad (Persian: خضراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheẕrābād and Khazarābād) is a village in Sain Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 14 families.
 Yord-e kukherdi (Persian: یرد کوخردی‎ also Romanized as Yord-e Kookherdi) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 27 families.[citation needed]
 Wola Rafałowska [ˈvɔla rafaˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Chmielnik and 14 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kurena is a village in Are Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Sultaniya is a village about 45 km from Jaipur in Phagi tehsil in the state of Rajasthan India. This is a small village with the population numbering around 2000 and largely consists of farmers. Agriculture is mainly dependent upon the monsoon as the village lacks modern irrigation options. In the years of a poor monsoon the people survive through their livestock and selling milk.
 Strajiniće is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 29 people.
 Asemi (Persian: عاصمي‎ also Romanized as ‘Āşemī) is a village in Mazayjan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 36 families.
 Shirabad (Persian: شيرآباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrābād) is a village in Fenderesk-e Jonubi Rural District Fenderesk District Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 893 in 230 families.
 Bagh-e Hutk (Persian: باغ هوتك‎ also Romanized as 'Bāgh-e Hūtk and Bāgh Hūtk; also known Bāgh Hūtak and Bāghuk) is a village in Sirch Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 42 families.
 Akbarabad-e Bala (Persian: اكبرابادبالا‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Asun Zahleh (Persian: اسون زهله‎ also Romanized as Āsūn Zahleh) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Shiragur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Wydminy [vɨdˈminɨ] (German Widminnen) is a village in Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wydminy. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Giżycko and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 2300.
 Sroki [ˈsrɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] (German: Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Iława and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 559.
 Kuzucu is a village in Mezitli district of Mersin Province Turkey. (Mezitli district center is in Greater Mersin) . It is situated in the southern slopes of the Toros Mountains at 36°50′N 34°25′E. The distance to Mersin is about 25 kilometres (16 mi). The population of the village is 303 as of 2011.
 Kaneshie is a suburb in the Accra Metropolitan district a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
 Nowy Gaj [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 60.
 Alamdar (Persian: علمدار‎ also Romanized as ‘Alamdār; also known as Alambār) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 41 families.
 Polatlı is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 124 people.
 Zarareh (Persian: زراره‎ also Romanized as Zarāreh Zerāreh and Zorāreh) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 543 in 130 families.
 Sarband-e Pain (Persian: سربند پايين‎ also Romanized as Sarband-e Pā’īn; also known as Sar Band) is a village in Julaki Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 75 families.
 Thạnh Mỹ Tây is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Châu Phú District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Hamadan Seljeh (Persian: حمدان سلجه‎ also Romanized as Ḩamadān Seljeh; also known as Salijeh Seljeh-e Yek and Soljeh-ye Yek) is a village in Karkheh Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 17 families.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād and Saiyidābād) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4870 in 1206 families.
 Amity is a village in DeKalb County Missouri United States. The population was 54 at the 2010 census. It is part of the St. Joseph MO–KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Hasanabad-e Kalej (Persian: حسن ابادكلج‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kalej and Ḩasanābād-e Kaleh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2090 in 536 families.
 Cheshmeh Mahi (Persian: چشمه ماهي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Māhī and Chashmeh Māhī) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Jaimakasala is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2626 people living in 491 individual households.
 Mowr-e Gur (Persian: مورگور‎ also Romanized as Mowr-e Gūr; also known as Mūr-e Kūr) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Dağkuzören is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Ramnagar is a village of Feni District in the Chittagong Division of Bangladesh. It is located at 22°56'0N 91°17'0E with an altitude of 4 metres (16 feet).
 Qaleh-ye Soleyman Khan (Persian: قلعه سليمان خان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Soleymān Khān) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 21 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Aliabad (Persian: مزرعه علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ʿAlīābād) is a village in Jowzdan Rural District in the Central District of Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Talila (Pöide) is a village in Pöide Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kalayeh (Persian: كلايه‎ also Romanized as Kalāyeh) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 103 families.
 Juler (Persian: جولر‎ also Romanized as Jūler) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 68 families.
 Khvajehlar-e Vosta (Persian: خواجه لروسطي‎ also Romanized as Khvājehlar-e Vosţá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 14 families.
 Kareda is a village in Kareda Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Mir Abdoli-ye Zarrin Choqa (Persian: ميرعبدلي زرين چيا‎ also Romanized as Mīr ‘Abdolī-ye Zarrīn Choqā; also known as Mīr ‘Abdolī) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District Bayangan District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 92 families.
 Kurcew [ˈkurt͡sɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kotlin 16 km (10 mi) east of Jarocin and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Morawa [mɔˈrava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Strzegom 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Świdnica and 49 kilometres (30 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kushk-e Khaleseh-ye Bala (Persian: كوشك خالصه بالا‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Khāleşeh-ye Bālā and Kūshk-e Khāleseh Bālā; also known as Kūshk-e Bālā) is a village in Lajran Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 692 in 200 families.
 Kochanówka [kɔxaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Dębica and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kolonia Gradowska [kɔˈlɔɲa ɡraˈdɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Golobrad (Bulgarian: Голобрад) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 193.057 kilometres (119.960 mi) from Sofia. It covers an area of 3.547 square kilometres and as of 2007 had a population of 151 people.
 Șaptebani is a commune in Rîșcani district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Șaptebani.
 Stare Paprockie Holendry [ˈstarɛ paˈprɔt͡skʲɛ xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Konin and 103 km (64 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Marbu (Persian: مربو‎ also Romanized as Marbū) is a village in Somam Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 95 families.
 Do Biran-e Olya (Persian: دوبيران عليا‎ also Romanized as Do Bīrān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dhuberān Dobīrān and Dow Vīrān) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 524 in 116 families.
 Donji Stranjani is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 120 people.
 Deh-e Davud (Persian: ده داود‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Dāvūd; also known as Deh Dāūd and Deh Dāvod) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 79 families.
 Rosławice [rɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 10.
 Owala (7°16'N 80°34'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Boztepe is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Näsuvere is a village in Türi Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Mazraeh-ye Gachi Lik (Persian: مزرعه گچي ليك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gachī Līk) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mahishwadgi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Aqiba (Arabic: عقيبة‎ also spelled Akibah or Agiba) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Afrin and Baselhaya to the northwest Ibbin Deir Jamal and Tell Rifaat to the northeast Nubl to the south Barad to the southwest and Kimar to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Aqiba had a population of 1040 in the 2004 census.
 Rangsi is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4000 people living in 745 individual households.
 Dialafara is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kéniéba in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes 35 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 17705.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dozdak-e Kuchek (Persian: دزدك كوچك‎ also Romanized as Dozdak-e Kūchek) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Aghan (Persian: اغان‎ also Romanized as Āghān; also known as Āghūn) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 121 families.
 Ziarat-e Kot-e Gorg (Persian: زيارت كت گرگ‎ also Romanized as Zīārat-e Kot-e Gorg) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 85 families.
 Czerwone [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kolno and 92 km (57 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1001.
 Ağaköy is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 398 people.
 Brzostowiec [bʐɔsˈtɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Falków [ˈfalkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 19.
 Limbudin is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2022 people living in 342 individual households.The limbu clan Edhingo is mainly residing here and they and there forefathers are originated here.
 McFarland is a village in Dane County Wisconsin United States on the eastern shore of Lake Waubesa. The population was 7808 at the 2010 census. Its ZIP code is 53558.A suburb of Madison McFarland is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Mauseidvåg or Mauseidvågen is a village in Sula Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is part of the Ålesund Region and is located about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southeast of the municipal center of Langevåg and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the town of Ålesund. The Indre Sula Church is located about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) east of the village of Mauseidvåg. The European route E39 highway runs just east of the village too.
 Lorcin [ˈlɔrt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Nasielsk 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 37 km (23 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Tol-e Geli (Persian: تل گلي‎ also Romanized as Tol-e Gelī) is a village in Aviz Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 28 families.
 Buków [ˈbukuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilany within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Mogilany and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Manmaiju is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4590 and had 853 households in it.
 Talakiriyagma is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Khanar is a model VDC village development committee in Sunsari District in the Koshi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 20323 people living in 5130 individual households. It lies 4 km south from Itahari Municipality and 6 km north from Duhabi vdc. Khanar is an industrial vdc with hundreds of industries. It is divided into 9 wards.
 Nazak (Persian: نازك‎ also Romanized as Nāzak) is a village in Armand Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 4 families.
 Khan Saadat (Persian: خان سعادت‎ also Romanized as Khān Sa‘ādat) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 82 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Abbasabad (Persian: تلمبه عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAbbāsābād) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Haleyuru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Krishnarajanagara taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Mohammadan (Persian: محمدان‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadān) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 34 families.
 Karczewiec [karˈt͡ʂɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kõrbja is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Żółcino [ʐuu̯ˈt͡ɕinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Kamień Pomorski and 65 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Turze [ˈtuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Poświętne 16 km (10 mi) east of Wołomin and 35 km (22 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Stare Kobiałki [ˈstarɛ kɔˈbjau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 480.
 Łozy [ˈwɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Paprotnia 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 103 km (64 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Lichosielce [lixɔˈɕɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Lipsk 41 km (25 mi) east of Augustów and 77 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Baszków [ˈbaʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Warta 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Uvari is a coastal village with about 3000 households and a population of 10000 in the Tirunelveli district in the state of Tamil Nadu in India. It is 75 km from Tirunelveli and 45 km from Kanyakumari.
 Zacisze [zaˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 51.
 Fareham is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Rudnik [ˈrudnik] is a village in Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rudnik. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Krasnystaw and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 543.
 Abdoltajj od Din (Persian: عبدالتاجدين‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdoltājj od Dīn; also known as ‘Abd ot Tāj ad Dīn ‘Abd ot Tāj od Dīn Abdul Tāj Dīn and ‘Abowl Tājed Dīn) is a village in Fash Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 704 in 147 families.
 Gozileh (Persian: گزيله‎ also Romanized as Gozīleh; also known as Govīzīleh) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 59 families.
 Krępa Słupska [ˈkrɛmpa ˈswupska] (German Krampe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Słupsk and 103 km (64 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 3000.
 Mostafaabad (Persian: مصطفي اباد‎ also Romanized as Moşţafáābād) is a village in Lar Rural District Laran District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2257 in 588 families.
 Lubatowa [lubaˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwonicz-Zdrój within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Iwonicz-Zdrój 15 km (9 mi) south of Krosno and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3700.
 Amurab Moghan Lake Camp (Persian: كمپدرياچه اموراب مغان‎ – Kamp Darīyācheh Amūrāb Moghān) is a camp and village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 10 families.
 Shojaabad (Persian: شجاع آباد‎ also Romanized as Shojā‘ābād; also known as Sajādābād and Sijjādābād) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 34 families.
 Tuileh (Persian: طويله‎ also Romanized as Ţūīleh) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 22 families.
 Adaghan (Persian: اداغان‎ also Romanized as Ādāghān) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1043 in 198 families.
 Dzikowo [d͡ʑiˈkɔvɔ] (German: Diekow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Barlinek 18 km (11 mi) east of Myślibórz and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jastew [ˈjastɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dębno 4 km (2 mi) east of Brzesko and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 550.
 Kotabommali is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Kotabommali mandal is bordered by Polaki Santha Bommali Tekkali Saravakota and Jalumuru mandals of Srikakulam district.
 Valiabad (Persian: ولي اباد‎ also Romanized as Valīābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Annopol [anˈnɔpɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szczawin Kościelny 12 km (7 mi) east of Gostynin and 96 km (60 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Dobromierz [dɔˈbrɔmjɛʂ] (German: Königlich Brühlsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Wielka within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Nowa Wieś Wielka and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Zavarijan (Persian: زواري جان‎ also Romanized as Zavārījān; also known as Zawāri Kohneh and Zawāri Kuhneh) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 26 families.
 Al Hawiyah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Soli (Persian: سلي‎ also Romanized as Solī) is a village in Chelevand Rural District Lavandevil District Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Dipsung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 950 persons living in 205 individual households.
 Shahrak-e Mashk Duzan (Persian: شهرك مشك دوزان‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Mashk Dūzān) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 68 families.
 Kalikesam is a place in the Kanyakumari wild life sanctuaryKanyakumari district in Tamil Nadu India which has the Very hot climate. There are many rubber plantations and nothing else to see. The Kali temple situated here.
 Brukalice [brukaˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Ziębice 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 52 kilometres (32 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Balangestan (Persian: بالنگستان‎ also Romanized as Bālangestān and Bālangistān; also known as Golestān (Persian: گلستان) and Palangestān) is a village in Kabgan Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 140 families.
 Anielów [aˈɲeluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Sobolew 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Unambuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jasienica Dolna [jaɕeˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łambinowice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łambinowice 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Nysa and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 920.
 Wólka Grochowa [ˈvulka ɡrɔˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Długosiodło 25 km (16 mi) north of Wyszków and 77 km (48 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Darbandeh (Persian: دربنده‎) is a village in Abidar Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 45 families.
 Jarnice-Pieńki [jarˈnit͡sɛ ˈpjɛɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kurzelaty [kuʐɛˈlatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kłoczew 10 km (6 mi) north of Ryki and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rudravaram is a village in Santhanuthalapadu mandal Prakasam district Andhra Pradesh India.It has a population around 2700. Rudravaram is an educational hub to other four villages nearby. Main sources of living is cultivation.Moderate water facilities for farms from various sources includes nagarjuna sagar right canal and nowadays water from mallavaram dam for some parts of the fields and bore wells. Main crops are tobacco Chana rice etc.
 Zlavast (Serbian: Злаваст) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is roughly 70 km west of Sarajevo.
 Alishah (Persian: عليشاه‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīshāh) is a village in Siyah Mansur Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 18 families.
 Velika Ježevica is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 481 people.
 Vizaran (Persian: ويزران‎ also Romanized as Vīzarān) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 5 families.
 Abbasabad-e Malek (Persian: عباس ابادملك‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Malek) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 746 in 195 families.
 Jablanica is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 109 people.
 Sadłowice [sadwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Szentlászló is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Błogoszewo [bwɔɡɔˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Seeligenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Korsze 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 39.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Jordanów Śląski [jɔrˈdanuf ˈɕlɔ̃ski] (German: Jordansmühl) is a village in Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Jordanów Śląski. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1148.
 Dhuseni Siwalaya is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2049 and had 379 houses in it.
 Nowe Budy [ˈnɔvɛ ˈbudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Leoncin 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 33 km (21 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Tańsk-Umiotki [ˈtaɲsk uˈmjɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Dzierzgowo 18 km (11 mi) east of Mława and 110 km (68 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Szczeglin [ˈʂt͡ʂɛɡlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Stopnica 21 km (13 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mashajji is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Nowdeh (Persian: نوده‎ also Romanized as Now Deh; also known as Nardeh Nowdī Nudi and Nudy) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 49 families.
 Feshanjerd (Persian: فشانجرد‎ also Romanized as Feshānjerd; also known as Gūrī Feshānjerd) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 888 in 227 families.
 Dział [d͡ʑau̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Czarny Dunajec 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Nowy Targ and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Podsrnetica (Cyrillic: Подсрнетица) is a village in the municipality of Petrovac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gomaran (Armenian: Գոմարան) is a village in the community of Geghanush Syunik Province Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population as 76 at the 2001 census.
 Shurab-e Olya (Persian: شوراب عليا‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shūrāb and Shūrāb-e Bālā) is a village in Karizan Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 25 families.
 Kabud Gonbad (Persian: كبودگنبد‎ also Romanized as Kabūd Gonbad; also known as Keymaty Qeshlāq-e Yūzābād Qesmatī Qeymati and Qishlaq Qimati) is a village in Dizmar-e Markazi Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 45 families.
 Gniewkowo [ɡɲefˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kiszkowo 24 km (15 mi) west of Gniezno and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mierucinek [mjɛruˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Mogilno and 41 km (25 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Uszyce [uˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German Uschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Gorzów Śląski 28 km (17 mi) north of Olesno and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Czarnkowo [t͡ʂarnˈkɔvɔ] formerly German Zarnikow is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marianowo within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Marianowo 14 km (9 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mian Volan-e Vosta (Persian: ميان ولان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Mīān Volān-e Vosţá) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Błogie Szlacheckie [ˈbwɔɡʲɛ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Mniszków 23 km (14 mi) west of Opoczno and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District Chenarud District Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 19 families.
 Khvoresh Bar (Persian: خورش بر‎; also known as Khūresh and Kūresh Bar) is a village in Bayg Rural District Bayg District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 93 families.
 Zagacie [zaˈɡat͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Kępniewo [kɛmpˈɲɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Markusy 9 km (6 mi) south of Elbląg and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 370.
 Deh-e Sardar (Persian: ده سردار‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sardār; also known as Qal‘eh-e Sardār and Qal‘eh Sardār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Oraovica (Macedonian: Ораовица) is a village near Radoviš About 2200 people (Macedonians) live in the village.
 Vileh (Persian: ويله‎ also Romanized as Vīlehand Veyleh) is a village in Zarneh Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 36 families.
 Godziejewo [ɡɔd͡ʑɛˈjɛvɔ] (German: Rehfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Wieliczki 8 km (5 mi) east of Olecko and 142 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Istgah-e Bisheh (Persian: ايستگاه بيشه‎ also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Bīsheh; also known as Bīsheh) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 604 in 132 families.
 Tang-e Shuhan-e Olya (Persian: تنگ شوهان عليا‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Shūhān-e ‘Olyā and Tang-e Showhān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tang-e Shīān Tang-e Shūhān Tang-e Shūhān-e Bālā and Tang-i-Shuwan) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 125 families.
 Rozgarty [rɔzˈɡartɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 44 km (27 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 103.
 Kul Kandi (Persian: كول كندي‎ also Romanized as Kūl Kandī) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 12 families.
 Ahmad Kandi (Persian: احمدكندي‎ also Romanized as Aḩmad Kandī; also known as Akhmadkandi) is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 894 in 209 families.
 Stoki [ˈstɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skała within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Uduwella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mowtowr-e Esfandi Hur (Persian: موتوراسفندي حور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Esfandī Ḩūr; also known as Ḩūr-e Esfandī) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 37 families.
 Ilistvere is a village in Laekvere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Gardan Partaraj Tang Pivareh (Persian: گردن پرتراج تنگ پيواره‎ also Romanized as Gardan Partarāj Tang Pīvāreh; also known as Gardanpar-e Soltan) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Khaneh Hay Khodadad Atash Behar (Persian: خانه هاي خداداداتش بهار‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Hāy Khodādād Ātash Behār) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 29 families.
 Zoveydi-ye Maghamez (Persian: زويدي مغامز‎ also Romanized as Zoveydī-ye Maghāmez; also known as Zobeydī-ye Maqāmes) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 76 families.
 Ilno [ˈilnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 107 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sangan-e Sofla (Persian: سنگان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sangān-e Soflá; also known as Sangān-e Pā’īn and Sangān) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 40 families.
 Budy Kaleńskie [ˈbudɨ kaˈlɛɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Szczawin Kościelny 10 km (6 mi) east of Gostynin and 98 km (61 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Dahuiyeh (Persian: داهوييه‎ also Romanized as Dāhū’īyeh and Dahoo’eyeh; also known as Dahu and Rāhū’īyeh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 738 in 189 families.
 Golaganj is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2802 persons living in 434 individual households.
 Wróblewo [vruˈblɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Radzanów 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Mława and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Fulika is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4910 people living in 811 individual households.
 Assimpao is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the town had a population of 692. The current estimate for 2009 is 1218 people
 Rogowe Kopce [rɔˈɡɔvɛ ˈkɔpt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dehgah (Persian: دهگاه‎ also Romanized as Dehgāh; also known as Dehgā) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shiraj Mahalleh-ye Kuchak (Persian: شيرج محله كوچك‎ also Romanized as Shīraj Maḩalleh-ye Kūchak) is a village in Mir Shams ol Din Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 19 families.
 Ballinadee (Irish: Baile na Daibhche) is a village in County Cork Ireland. It lies in the parish of Courceys some 12 km by road west of Kinsale and 9 km South East of Bandon.Ballinadee is on the banks of the River Pound which flows into the River Bandon and has a school one shop and two pubs.It is 10 miles from Kinsale and 6 miles from Bandon.Before his death in the local Cork University Hospital in 1996 Ballinadee was the home of international author and publisher Martin Greif.
 Stary Zamek [ˈstarɨ ˈzamɛk] (German: Altenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Lubiewo [luˈbjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Mikołajki 17 km (11 mi) east of Mrągowo and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kożyno Małe [kɔˈʐɨnɔ ˈmawɛ] (Ukrainian: Кожанка Kozhanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 140.
 Sarab-e Kam (Persian: سرابكام‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kām and Sarābekām) is a village in Shahu Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 38 families.
 Tuska Mahalleh-ye Qasemabad (Persian: توسکا محله قاسم آباد‎ also Romanized as Tūskā Maḩalleh-ye Qāsemābād; also known as Tūskā Maḩalleh) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 117 families.
 Shahzadeh Ahmad (Persian: شاهزاده احمد‎ also Romanized as Shāhzādeh Aḩmad and Shahzādeh Ahmad; also known as Āstāneh-ye Shāhzādeh Aḩmad and Āstāneh-ye Shāhzādeh-ye Aḩmad) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 19 families.
 Bidestaneh (Persian: بيدستانه‎ also Romanized as Bīdestāneh) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 53 families.
 Yamn (Persian: يمن‎ also Romanized as Yaman) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 58 families.
 Čalikovac is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zębowo [zɛmˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Obrowo and 22 km (14 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 621.
 Jabłonkowo [jabwɔnˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Mirosławiec 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Wałcz and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Vrtište is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Kąt [kɔnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-east of Grębów 14 km (9 mi) east of Tarnobrzeg and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Sarahrud (Persian: سرهرود‎ also Romanized as Sarahrūd; also known as Sārārūd) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 73 families.
 Grądziki [ɡrɔnˈd͡ʑiki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Stary Lubotyń 10 km (6 mi) north of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 97 km (60 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Drzycim [ˈdʐɨt͡ɕim] is a village in Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Drzycim. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Świecie 49 km (30 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 57 km (35 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 1200.
 Dobrynka [dɔˈbrɨŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Piszczac 26 km (16 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 105 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Chah Abi-ye Mazarbit Shayi (Persian: چاه ابي ماذربيت شايع‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ābī-ye Māẕarbīt Shāyīʿ) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Huk (Persian: هوك‎ also Romanized as Hūk) is a village in Kahruyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 28 families.
 Yeniüreğil is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 182 people.
 Mazeh Najaf (Persian: مازه نجف‎ also Romanized as Māzeh Najaf) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Moridan (Persian: مريدان‎ also Romanized as Morīdān) is a village in Moridan Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1247 in 370 families.
 Dhadoli is a village near Lakhpur Tehsil Phagwara Kapurthala district in Punjab India.
 Mam is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.Mam is found in eastern Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Nikawella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vadugankuthagai is a revenue village under Alathur Thanjavur panchyath in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Rowan (Persian: روعان‎ also Romanized as Row‘ān; also known as Rawān and Ro‘ān) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2059 in 488 families.
 Gronów [ˈɡrɔnuf] (German: Gruna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Zgorzelec and 133 kilometres (83 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kolonia Biskupska [kɔˈlɔɲa bisˈkupska] (German: Friedrichswille) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Olesno and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 186.
 Khur-e Mollu (Persian: خورملو‎ also Romanized as Khūr-e Mollū) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 18 families.
 Żarnówko [ʐarˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Stepnica 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 99.
 Mušići is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 433 people.
 Goreń Duży [ˈɡɔrɛɲ ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Baruchowo 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Dobra Voda is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 430 people.
 Gustorzyn [ɡusˈtɔʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kijevo (Cyrillic: Киjево) is a part of the city of East Sarajevo in Trnovo municipality City of East Sarajevo Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. Kijevo is south of Sarajevo on the road M-18 Sarajevo-Trnovo-Foča-Trebinje. The closest airport is Sarajevo International Airport located 9.7 km north west of Kijevo.The Željeznica river is one of the Kijevo's chief geographic features.
 Maćkowicze [mat͡ɕkɔˈvʲit͡ʂɛ] (Ukrainian: Мацьковичі Mats’kovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Mielnik 4 km (2 mi) south-east of Siemiatycze and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 270.
 Ulanga is a village in Mbarali District Mbeya Region of southwestern Tanzania. In is in the outwash plain of the Njamkala River.
 Fuerte Esperanza is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Kochów [ˈkɔxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Opatów and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Shahrak-e Changuleh (Persian: شهرك چنگوله‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Changūleh) is a village in Mohsen Ab Rural District in the Central District of Mehran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1254 in 276 families.
 Shakur Kandi (Persian: شكوركندي‎ also Romanized as Shakūr Kandī) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 475 in 98 families.
 Saqqezchi (Persian: سقزچي‎ also Romanized as Saqqezchī) is a village in Sain Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 25 families.
 Sivar (Persian: سيور‎ also Romanized as Sīvar Seyvar and Sīwar; also known as Sevar) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 32 families.
 Kharman Sukhteh (Persian: خرمن سوخته‎ also Romanized as Kharman Sūkhteh) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 45 families.
 Kuhpayeh Sara (Persian: كوهپايه سرا‎ also Romanized as Kūhpāyeh Sarā; also known as Kūb Sarā) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 804 in 187 families.
 Słupica [swuˈpit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Jedlnia-Letnisko 17 km (11 mi) east of Radom and 93 km (58 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Os de Civís is a village in the central Pyrenees mountains in the province of Lleida Spain and is located to the west of Andorra near the villages of Aixàs and Bixessarri. Civís is the nearest Spanish village. It is the most populated village in the municipality (Les Valls de Valira).Os de Civís is very close to the Spain–Andorra border and is unique in being the only Spanish village that can be reached by vehicle only by going through Andorra.
 Askadeh (Persian: اسكده‎; also known as Askīdeh) is a village in Lakan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Samsonów-Ciągłe [samˈsɔnuf ˈt͡ɕɔŋɡwɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Zagnańsk and 14 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 290.
 Qaleh-ye Mirzai (Persian: قلعه ميرزايي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Mīrzā’ī and Qal‘eh Mīrzā’ī; also known as Ghal‘ehé Mirzai) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 564 in 124 families.
 Sad Bar (Persian: صدبار‎ also Romanized as Şad Bār; also known as Sadbād) is a village in Shuy Rural District in the Central District of Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 500 in 92 families.
 Devichour is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2734 .
 Čuhovići is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wygonin [vɨˈɡɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Stara Kiszewa 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Kangaran (Persian: كنگران‎ also Romanized as Kangarān) is a village in Kuh Panah Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 70 families.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Trzebiechów and 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra.
 Nakolec (Macedonian: Наколец; Albanian: Nakoleci) is a village on Lake Prespa in Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia. It is located roughly 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of the municipal centre of Resen.
 Tammistu is a village in Tartu Parish Tartu County in Estonia.
 Mirzaiyeh (Persian: ميرزاييه‎ also Romanized as Mīrzā’īyeh; also known as Mīrzā Bareh) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 21 families.
 Rosowo [rɔˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Stara Dąbrowa 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pendičići is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Borjaki (Persian: برجكي‎ also Romanized as Borjakī; also known as Burjaki) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 40 families.
 Lubania [luˈbaɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Chmielnik and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 260.
 Bharta is a census village in Hoshiarpur District in the state of Punjab India.
 Hojjatabad (Persian: حجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2375 in 557 families.
 Dhanvada or Dhanwada is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Hoseynabad-e Sargel (Persian: حسين ابادسرگل‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sargel; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Sohrābī) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 41 families.
 Głogów [ˈɡwɔɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Wieniawa 19 km (12 mi) east of Przysucha and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Lyubino (Bulgarian: Любино) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 186.438 kilometres (115.847 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 10.823 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 22 people.
 Chitai is also a common name for the river loach Schistura montana.Chitai is a village on the Almora-Pithoragarh highway 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Almora in Uttarakhand state India. It is known for the temple of Golu Devata.
 Bağdere is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Świedziebnia 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Brodnica and 66 km (41 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 750.
 Model [ˈmɔdɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacyna within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south of Pacyna 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 89 km (55 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Śmieły [ˈɕmjɛwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Izbica Kujawska 30 km (19 mi) south of Włocławek and 73 km (45 mi) south of Toruń.
 Skomack Wielki [ˈskɔmat͡sk ˈvjɛlki] (German: Skomatzko; 1938-1945: Dippelsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Stare Juchy 19 km (12 mi) west of Ełk and 105 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Vaiaku is a village located on the southern coast of the island of Fongafale in Tuvalu. All the administrative buildings including the National Bank of Tuvalu and the only hotel of Tuvalu Vaiaku Langi Hotel are located in Vaiaku. There are 516 inhabitants in Vaiaku according to the census of 2002 out of 4492 for the whole atoll of Funafuti which is the official capital of Tuvalu.
 Odivere is a village in Saare Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 the population of the village was 72.
 Holendry Kozienickie [xɔˈlɛndrɨ kɔʑɛˈnit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kozienice and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Ziband (Persian: زيبند‎ also Romanized as Zīband) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jawalagera (Kannada: ಜವಳಗೇರಾ ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindhnur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Osowskie [ɔˈsɔfskʲɛ] (German: Wussowske) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Czarna Dąbrówka 21 km (13 mi) north of Bytów and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 40.
 Gruzy [ˈɡruzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Biała Piska 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Pisz and 102 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Godków [ˈɡɔtkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Chojna 38 km (24 mi) south of Gryfino and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nordkjosbotn (Northern Sami: Gárgán) is a small village in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county Norway about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of the city of Tromsø. Two major highways European route E6 and European route E8 meet in this village making it a major crossroads in Northern Norway with an estimated annual passage of 3 million people.
 Mandalakkottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sokólnik [sɔˈkulnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 23.
 Janowice [janɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wierzbinek 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Konin and 109 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Kalateh-ye Ahan (Persian: كلاته اهن‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Āhan) is a village in Jagharq Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 67 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Mansur Brahuyi (Persian: تلمبه منصوربراهوئي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Manṣūr Brāhūyī) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 40 families.
 Alinci (Macedonian: Алинци) is a village in the Municipality of Prilep Macedonia.
 Kazimierków [kaʑiˈmjɛrkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Warka 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Grójec and 51 km (32 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 Ahvarak (Persian: اهوارك‎ also Romanized as Ahvārak and Ahūrāk) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 27 families.
 Niezdów [ˈɲezduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Opole Lubelskie and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Cieńsza [ˈt͡ɕeɲʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Zatory 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Pułtusk and 51 km (32 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Białe Piątkowo [ˈbjawɛ pjɔntˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Miłosław 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Września and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ab Garman (Persian: ابگرمان‎ also Romanized as Āb Garmān; also known as Āb Garm) is a village in Berentin Rural District Bikah District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 48 families.
 Cheshmeh Kalan-e Jadid (Persian: چشمه کلان جديد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kalān-e Jadīd) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dahimi-ye Seh (Persian: دحيمي سه‎ also Romanized as Daḥīmī-ye Seh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 39 families.
 Maleševo is a village in the municipality of Rekovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 146 people.
 Chah Badam (Persian: چاه بادام‎ also Romanized as Chāh Bādām) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 22 families.
 Gornji Gradac (Cyrillic: Горњи Градац) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sławka Wielka [ˈswafka ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Nidzica and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 260.
 Bramka [ˈbramka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowiec within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Bukowiec 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Świecie and 43 km (27 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Çavuşlu is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 575 people.
 Cheshmeh Mirza (Persian: چشمه ميرزا‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mīrzā; also known as Roshnow) is a village in Kunani Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 29 families.
 Galleh Gah (Persian: گله گاه‎ also Romanized as Galleh Gāh) is a village in Sardarabad Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Al Hasamah is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Grzebowilk [ɡʐɛˈbɔvilk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 39 km (24 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 390.
 Górki Miłońskie [ˈɡurki miˈwɔɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Krośniewice 15 km (9 mi) west of Kutno and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Küçükboyalık is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Zarsefid (Persian: زرسفيد‎ also Romanized as Zarsefīd) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahmar-e Baba Morad (Persian: شاه ماربابامراد‎ also Romanized as Shāhmār-e Bābā Morād; also known as Shāhmār and Sheykh Morad-e Tofangchī) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 25 families.
 Simuny [ɕiˈmunɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Juchnowiec Kościelny and 18 km (11 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tirupati (urban) is a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Gradeci is a village in the municipality of Gjerbës in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Saheb Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 21 families.
 Pallur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Haranabush (Arabic: حرنبوش‎) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of Idlib Governorate located northwest of Idlib. It is situated off the eastern slopes of A'la Mountain. Nearby localities include Maarrat Misrin to the southeast Maarrat al-Ikhwan to the east Kaftin and Hizano to the northeast Qurqania to the north and Kafr Takharim and Armanaz to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Haranabush had a population of 3785 in the 2004 census.
 Smoryń [ˈsmɔrɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Frampol 14 km (9 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 299.
 Haft Cheshmeh (Persian: هفت چشمه‎; also known as Gaftracheshma Guftachashmeh and Haft Chāshmeh) is a village in Qebleh Daghi Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1755 in 387 families.
 Nowy Ostrów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Stężyca 21 km (13 mi) west of Kartuzy and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 32.
 Olszewo-Marcisze [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ marˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tsetseng is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. It is located in Kalahari Desert 40 km north-east of Kang. The population was 395 in 2001 census. The Tsetseng population was 395 on November 16 2010.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koczała within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Koczała 40 km (25 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 110 km (68 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 36.
 Neezhoor is a small village in Kottayam district Kerala South India.Neezhoor is situated at the northern end of Kottayam (30 km).Distance to Cochin is only 55 km. The nearest railhead is velloor Railway Station (12 km). Even though it’s a remote village in Kerala the population has 98% Literacy Good Educational institutions cellular phone coverage Telephone exchange internet facilities good transportation systems irrigation systems etc.
 Stara Żubrówka [ˈstara ʐuˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Krasnopol 15 km (9 mi) west of Sejny and 108 km (67 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Witunia [viˈtuɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Więcbork 10 km (6 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 700.
 Hoseynkhani (Persian: حسين خاني‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynkhānī) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 40 families.
 Wierśnie [ˈvjɛrɕɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Sejny and 103 km (64 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Sufian (Persian: صوفيان‎ also Romanized as Şūfīān) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 35 families.
 Ab Rigun (Persian: اب ريگون‎ also Romanized as Āb Rīgūn and Āb-e Rīgūn) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 73 families.
 Shurjah-e Bala (Persian: شورجه بالا‎ also Romanized as Shūrjah-e Bālā) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 30 families.
 Pszczółczyn [ˈpʂt͡ʂuu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łabiszyn 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Żnin and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 100.
 Strzakły [ˈstʂakwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Międzyrzec Podlaski 37 km (23 mi) west of Biała Podlaska and 80 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rusocice [rusɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żary within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Żary and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 40.
 Konarju (Persian: كنارجو‎ also Romanized as Konārjū Kanār Jū Kenar Joo and Kenārjū) is a village in Bemani Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 876 in 182 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Jannatabad (Persian: مزرعه جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Jannatābād; also known as Jannatābād) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gothibang is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Tonmahe is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Aydın is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Glina [ˈɡlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczyca within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Rzeczyca 17 km (11 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tymianki-Okunie [tɨˈmjaŋki ɔˈkuɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Boguty-Pianki 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 107 km (66 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Aitat or Aytat is a village located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the town of Aley within the district of the same name in the Lebanese governorate of Mount Lebanon. It was a strategic place during the Lebanese Civil War (1975–1990) due to its view to Beirut.Aitat has witnessed many tragic events especially during the brutal Syrian Invasion.
 Beheshtabad (Persian: بهشت اباد‎ also Romanized as Beheshtābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 704 in 186 families.
 Milewo-Kulki [miˈlɛvɔ ˈkulki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Przasnysz and 78 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Vaiatu is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.Kolu Manor (Heinrichshof) is located in Vaiatu village.
 Tolombeh-ye Askary va Morady (Persian: تلمبه عسكرئ و مرادئ‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ‘Askary va Morādy) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Płusy [ˈpwusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Księżpol 18 km (11 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 96 km (60 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 449.
 Deh-e Bar Aftab-e Sofla (Persian: ده برافتاب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bar Āftāb-e Soflá; also known as Deh-e Bar Āftāb) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Now Namam (Persian: نونمام‎ also Romanized as Now Namām) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bar Kuk (Persian: بركوك‎ also Romanized as Bar Kūk) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 575 in 180 families.
 Sarbekuh (Persian: سربكوه‎ also Romanized as Sarbekūh and Sorbakūh) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Langset is a village in the municipality of Eidsvoll Norway. It is located a few kilometres east of Minnesund near the southern end of lake Mjøsa. Its population (2005) is 309.
 Krukówek [kruˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Raczki 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Suwałki and 105 km (65 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 67.
 Paradowo [paraˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Nahr-e Abu Dahan (Persian: نهرابودهن‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū Dahan) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 16 families.
 Gadarmala also known as Bhopalgarh is a taluk in Bhilwara district Rajasthan.
 Śmietki [ˈɕmjɛtki] (German Schnittken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Mikołajki 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Mrągowo and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Menteşbey Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Pazik (Persian: پزيك‎ also Romanized as Pazīk; also known as Pazī and Pezī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 522 in 95 families.
 Zangi Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: زنگي كلاسفلي‎ also Romanized as Zangī Kolā-ye Soflá; also known as Zangī Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 86 families.
 Pawluki [paˈvluki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hanna within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Shurcheh (Persian: شورچه‎ also Romanized as Shūrcheh) is a village in Borkhar-e Sharqi Rural District Habibabad District Borkhar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 12 families.
 This article is about a village called Saksa. Saksa is also Finnish for Germany.Saksa is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Radziszewo-Króle [rad͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ ˈkrulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Ciechanowiec 31 km (19 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 220.
 Yeşilçukurca is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 45 people.
 Pipal is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3519 people living in 682 individual households.
 New Maryland is a village in central New Brunswick Canada; located south of Fredericton south of Route 2 and Route 101. As of 2006 the population was 4248.
 Chronów [ˈxrɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Wiśnicz within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Nowy Wiśnicz 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Bochnia and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Milavice is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lovászi is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Jurab Deraz Mirza Beygi (Persian: جوب درازميرزابيگي‎ also Romanized as Jūrāb Derāz Mīrzā Beygī; also known as Chūbderāz-e Mīrzābeygī Jūb Derāz-e Mīrzā Beygī and Jūrāb Derāz va Mīrzā Beygī) is a village in Karezan Rural District Karezan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 666 in 133 families.
 Kozaki [kɔˈzaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Gołdap and 131 km (81 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 398.
 Adavichambakur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Srinivaspur taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Gąsiorowo [ɡɔ̃ɕɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Biland (Persian: بيلند‎ also Romanized as Bīland; also known as Bīlvand Bīlownd Bilūn and Vīlond) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4235 in 1110 families.
 Shihat Hama (Arabic: شيحةحماه‎ also spelled Shiha or al-Shyha) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located just west of Hama. Nearby localities include Qamhanah to the northeast Khitab to the north Kafr al-Tun to the west and Tayzin to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Shihat Hama had a population of 3985 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
 Darb-e Babazi (Persian: دربابازي‎ also Romanized as Darb-e Bābāzī) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Bacioucoto-Conboly is a village in Senegal located in the Sindian and Bignona districts. It is a subdivision of the Ziguinchor region of Senegal.
 Sabela is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6860 persons living in 1246 individual households.
 Primeros Pinos is a village and municipality in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.
 Poshteh Konji (Persian: پشته كنجي‎ also Romanized as Poshteh Konjī) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 50 families.
 Molla Kandi (Persian: ملاكندي‎ also Romanized as Mollā Kandī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 33 families.
 Holendry Dobrowskie [xɔˈlɛndrɨ dɔˈbrɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Daulatābād) is a village in Baghin Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 14 families.
 Pawłowice [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzemieniewo within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Krzemieniewo 13 km (8 mi) east of Leszno and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 2000.The village is the location of a classicist palace built for Maksymilian Mielżyński in 1779-1783.
 Kózki [ˈkuski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Pawłowiczki 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany after Poland's territories had been totally divided in the Partition of Poland between 1772 and 1775.
 Stabieńszczyzna [stabjɛɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Krasnopol 6 km (4 mi) west of Sejny and 114 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Glinice [ɡliˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Strzelce 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Kutno and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Male Pijace (in Serbian Cyrillic: Мале Пијаце in Hungarian: Kispiac) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Kanjiža municipality in the North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority(96.37%) and its population numbering 1988 people (2002 census).
 Przeździecko-Drogoszewo [pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ drɔɡɔˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kuhani (Persian: كوهاني‎ also Romanized as Kūhānī; also known as Kohni and Kuhni) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2528 in 687 families.
 Leonów [lɛˈɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Zgierz and 15 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Tonahdeh (Persian: تنه ده‎; also known as Tonadeh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dehak (Persian: دهك‎) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 45 families.
 Kozice Górne [kɔˈʑit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Piaski 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Świdnik and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kazashka Reka is a village in the municipality of Avren in Varna Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Qarluq (Persian: قارلوق‎ also Romanized as Qārlūq; also known as Karlikh and Qārloq) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 37 families.
 Sulge (Uchagaon) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kobylec [kɔˈbɨlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 826.
 Alaviyeh (Persian: علويه‎ also Romanized as ‘Alavīyeh) is a village in Nadushan Rural District Khezrabad District Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 20 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajji Hasan Hajj Eslam (Persian: قشلاق حاجي حسن حاج اسلام‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Ḩasan Ḩājj Eslām) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 10 families.
 Słończewo [swɔɲˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) west of Pułtusk and 59 km (37 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Księżomierz [kɕɛ̃ˈʐɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of Kraśnik and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Johovac is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Raymondville is a village in Texas County Missouri United States. The population was 363 at the 2010 census.
 Ojamaa is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Saari is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 28 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Zelenci (Cyrillic: Зеленци) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jabłonowo-Maćkowięta [jabwɔˈnɔvɔ mat͡ɕkɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Janowiec Kościelny 14 km (9 mi) south of Nidzica and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Golin [ˈɡɔlin] (German: Gollin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Nowogródek Pomorski 15 km (9 mi) east of Myślibórz and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 60.
 Manasterzec [manaˈstɛʐɛt͡s] (Ukrainian: Манастирець Manastyrets’) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lesko and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 450.
 Ford Heights (formerly East Chicago Heights) is a village in Cook County Illinois United States. The population was 2763 at the 2010 census down from 3456 in 2000. It is located approximately 25 miles (40 km) south of downtown Chicago and is part of the Chicago–Naperville–Joliet IL-IN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Bakhtabad-e Bala (Persian: بخت ابادبالا‎ also Romanized as Bakhtābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Kodur-e Bala (Persian: كدوربالا‎ also Romanized as Kodūr-e Bālā; also known as Kādar Kodar and Kodūr) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 83 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Diz (Persian: قشلاق ديز‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Dīz) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 79 families.
 Pardasówka [pardaˈsufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Morinac is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Räitsvere is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Potreb is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 Sheykhi (Persian: شيخي‎ also Romanized as Sheykhī) is a village in Shapur Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 75 families.
 Honarstan-e Kashavarzi (Persian: هنرستان كشاورزي‎ also Romanized as Honarstān-e Kashāvarzī) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Bare is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 71 people.
 Darreh-ye Ajqu (Persian: دره اجقو‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Ajqū; also known as Darreh-ye Ajqān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fortuna (San Luis) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Stojačak is a village in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 419 people.
 Śmiłowice [ɕmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Andrew is a village in central Alberta north of Vegreville. Andrew is most famous as the home of the world's largest duck roadside attraction part of the Giants of the Prairies. Its post office was established March 2 1902.
 Hustisford is a village in Dodge County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1123 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Hustisford.
 Nad Kuh-e Olya (Persian: ندكوه عليا‎ also Romanized as Nad Kūh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Nad Kūh and Natkūh) is a village in Kushk Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Lisewo [liˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pyzdry 29 km (18 mi) south of Września and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pianki [ˈpjanki] (German Pianken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Orzysz 28 km (17 mi) north of Pisz and 95 km (59 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jyamdi Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4467 and had 848 houses in it.
 Amidiyeh-ye Chah Zar (Persian: اميديه چه زار‎ also Romanized as Amīdīyeh-ye Chah Zār) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 9 families.
 Ludwinowo [ludviˈnɔvɔ] (German: Ludwigsfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bi Bi Shirvan (Persian: بي بي شيروان‎ also Romanized as Bī Bī Shīrvān) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3247 in 723 families.
 Ula Pöide Parish is a village in Pöide Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Gandab (Persian: گنداب‎ also Romanized as Gandāb) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piaski [ˈpʲaskʲi] (Ukrainian: Піски Pisky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Radymno 18 km (11 mi) east of Jarosław and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Chesli (Persian: چسلي‎ also Romanized as Cheslī; also known as Chaskī) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 108 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 10 families.
 Singerband (সিঙ্গেরবন্দ) is a village under Singerband Gaon Panchayat in the District of Cachar (Assam) India under Lakhipur sub division.
 Jażyniec [jaˈʐɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Siedlec 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Wolsztyn and 71 km (44 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Heuvelton is a small rural incorporated village located in St. Lawrence County in the state of New York in the United States of America. It is situated about six miles southeast of the city of Ogdensburg in the Town of Oswegatchie. It is the only village in the town. Route 812 bisects the village and is named State Street within the village boundaries. As of the 2010 census the village had a total population of 714.
 Podhum (Livno) is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hayatabad-e Khalifeh (Persian: حيات ابادخليفه‎ also Romanized as Ḩayātābād-e Khalīfeh) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 23 families.
 Kasevälja is a village in Iisaku Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Mahdi Khan (Persian: مهدي خان‎ also Romanized as Mahdī Khān; also known as Mahdīkhān) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 18 families.
 Kurtpınar is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Queyujuq (Persian: قويوجوق‎ also Romanized as Qūeyūjūq; also known as Guyudzhu Gūyūju Qeyūjūq and Qūyjūq Khān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Mandothi is a village in Jhajjar District of Haryana in India.It is about 40 km northwest of New Delhi and an hour's drive from the heart of New Delhi city.The population of the village consists of about 30000 people and agriculture is the main occupation. Though the village has electricity it has no running water facilities as is the case in most of the Indian villages where people fetch drinking water from the wells.
 Wielądki [vjɛˈlɔntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Węgrów and 61 km (38 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Nowe Budkowice [ˈnɔvɛ butkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Skrzeszew [ˈskʂɛʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliszew within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wieliszew 6 km (4 mi) north of Legionowo and 28 km (17 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 760.
 Święte Nowaki [ˈɕfjɛntɛ nɔˈvaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Maków 11 km (7 mi) west of Skierniewice and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 450.
 Chlebów [ˈxlɛbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Maszewo 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Krosno Odrzańskie 49 km (30 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 72 km (45 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Donja Vrežina is a village in Serbia located in the municipality Pantelej and in the city of Niš Niš District district. At the 2011 census there were 6629 inhabitants.Lower Vrežina is officially classified as a village in Serbia.Доња Врежина је насеље у Србији налази се у општини Пантелеј и на територији града Ниша округ Нишавски округ. На попису 2011 било је 6.629 становника.Доња Врежина је званично класификован као насеље у Србији.
 Gavkosh (Persian: گاوكش‎ also Romanized as Gāvkosh) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 25 families.
 Rezaabad (Persian: رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād) is a village in Isar Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 20 families.
 Gniazdowo [ɡɲazˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Goleniów and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Hallaj-e Olya (Persian: حلاج عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩallāj-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 59 families.
 Rąkczyn [ˈrɔŋkt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Poddębice and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kekoskee is a village in Dodge County Wisconsin United States. The population was 161 at the 2010 census.
 Mjåvatn is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Chub Deraz (Persian: چوبدراز‎ also Romanized as Chūb Derāz) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 376 in 74 families.
 Zenari (Persian: زناري‎ also Romanized as Zenārī; also known as Zīnār) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 27 families.
 Młynki [ˈmwɨŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Górzykowo [ɡuʐɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Václavovice (German: Wenzlowitz Polish: Więcłowice) is a village in Ostrava-City District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 1581 (2006) and lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
 Kilnamona (Irish: Cill na Móna meaning Church of the Bog or Marshy Field) is a village and a civil parish in County Clare Ireland. It is situated north-west of Ennis.
 Khomrutu (Persian: خمروتو‎ also Romanized as Khomrūtū; also known as Khombartū) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Płocin [ˈpwɔt͡ɕin] (formerly German Plötzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wolin 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 90.
 Mlanča is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Beyk Inanlu (Persian: بيك اينالو‎ also Romanized as Beyk Īnānlū; also known as Beyg Īnānlū) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1684 in 394 families.
 Golestaneh (Persian: گلستانه‎ also Romanized as Golestāneh) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 81 families.
 Jarzynny Kierz [jaˈʐɨnnɨ ˈkʲɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Chorzele 32 km (20 mi) north of Przasnysz and 120 km (75 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 20.
 Burachalu (Persian: بوراچالو‎ also Romanized as Būrāchālū; also known as Būrā Chāllū and Būrā Chālū) is a village in Jazireh Rural District Ilkhchi District Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 47 families.
 Neqareh Khaneh (Persian: نقاره خانه‎ also Romanized as Neqāreh Khāneh and Naqāreh Khāneh) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 159 families.
 Kani Shah Qoli (Persian: كاني شاه قلي‎ also Romanized as Kānī Shāh Qolī; also known as Kāni Shāh Quli Kānī Shāqolī and Kān Shāh Qolī) is a village in Yeylan-e Jonubi Rural District Bolbanabad District Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 28 families.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] (German: Hohendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rychliki 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kalaganwatta is a village within Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Manuchehrabad (Persian: منوچهراباد‎ also Romanized as Manūchehrābād) is a village in Jey Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mrđenovići (Serbian: Мрђеновићи) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Żwanowice [ʐvanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Barah Sileh (Persian: بره سيله‎ also Romanized as Barah Sīleh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 70 families.
 Przejma Wysoka [ˈpʂɛi̯ma vɨˈsɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Szypliszki 21 km (13 mi) north of Suwałki and 129 km (80 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Błotno [ˈbwɔtnɔ] (German: Brenkenhofsbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyn within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Vellathuval is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Tarrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Blatuša is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D6 highway.
 Hesar (Persian: حصار‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 78 families.
 Chełmonie [xɛu̯ˈmɔɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kowalewo Pomorskie 10 km (6 mi) west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Mil Pay Mil (Persian: ميل پاي ميل‎ also Romanized as Mīl Pāy Mīl; also known as Pā-ye Mīl) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 25 families.
 Deh-e Gardaneh Rangak (Persian: ده گردنه رنگك‎) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 10 families.
 Leszczyny [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Chlewiska 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Szydłowiec and 115 km (71 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 44.
 Cheshmeh-ye Allahverdi (Persian: چشمه اله وردي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Allāhverdī; also known as Cheshmeh and Cheshmeh Khānverdī) is a village in Siyavashan Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 22 families.
 Skórzno [ˈskuʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Fabianki 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Włocławek and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Biadaczka [bjaˈdat͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kamionka 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Lubartów and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Radisson is a village in Sawyer County Wisconsin United States along the Couderay River. The population was 241 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Radisson and was named in honor of the early French explorer Pierre-Esprit Radisson (c.1636-1710).
 Ideluy-e Olya (Persian: ايدلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Īdelūy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Īgdalū-ye Bālā) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Popovac is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 805 people.
 Chrośla [ˈxrɔɕla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dębe Wielkie 7 km (4 mi) west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 33 km (21 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Ravaz (Persian: روض‎ also Romanized as Ravaẕ) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 21 families.
 Gavbar-e Sofla (Persian: گاوبارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Gāvbār-e Soflá and Gav Bar Sofla; also known as Gāvbar-e Pā’īn Gāvbār-e Pā’īn and Gāvbor-e Pā’īn) is a village in Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 84 families.
 Molla Ali (Persian: ملاعلي‎ also Romanized as Mollā ‘Alī and Mulla-Ali) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 16 families.
 Winston is a village in Daviess County Missouri. The population was 259 at the 2010 census.
 Wojciechów-Kolonia Pierwsza [vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕɛxuf kɔˈlɔɲa ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Shirghan (Persian: شيرغان‎ also Romanized as Shīrghān) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 47 families.
 Prząsław [ˈpʂɔ̃swaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 410.
 Mazraeh-ye Badakhoshan (Persian: مزرعه بداخشان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Badākhoshān) is a village in Dowbaran Rural District in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ciechocin [t͡ɕeˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Modliborzyce 8 km (5 mi) west of Janów Lubelski and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hoseynabad-e Jeldak (Persian: حسين ابادجلدك‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Jeldak; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ankumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bình Trung Bắc Kạn is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Karaula is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 63 people.
 Kallipuram is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Velkovtsi Gabrovo Province is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Tajark (Persian: تجرك‎ also Romanized as Ţajark) is a village in Korond Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Cieciułów [t͡ɕeˈt͡ɕuwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rudniki 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Olesno and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 520.
 Akçakaya is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Bid Shirin-e Bala (Persian: بيدشيرين بالا‎ also Romanized as Bīd Shīrīn-e Bālā; also known as Bīd Shīrīn-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Janówka [jaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Szczerców 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tokary [tɔˈkarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sławno and 179 km (111 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Niver Sofla (Persian: نيورسفلي‎ also Romanized as Nīver Soflá) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Direkli is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Polesie [pɔˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Azizabad (Persian: عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 148 families.
 Makian (Persian: ماكيان‎ also Romanized as Mākīān; also known as Māhkīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 40 families.
 Siah Sang (Persian: سياه سنگ‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Sang) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 23 families.
 Orłów [ˈɔrwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Borowa 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Mielec and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4866 in 1266 families.
 Polk is a village in Ashland County Ohio United States. The population was 336 at the 2010 census.Polk was the birthplace of Tully Topsy Hartsel a Major League Baseball outfielder or World War II major general Stanley Eric Reinhart.
 Papun-e Olya (Persian: پاپون عليا‎ also Romanized as Pāpūn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Pāpūn Pāpūnī and Pāpūnī Moḩammad) is a village in Kuhmareh Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 94 families.
 Bard Rasun-e Sofla (Persian: بردراسون سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bard Rāsūn-e Soflá) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Gervan (Persian: گروان‎ also Romanized as Gervān and Garrevān) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 50 families.
 Błogosławie [bwɔɡɔˈswavjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 80.
 Kani Sefid (Persian: كاني سفيد‎ also Romanized as Kānī Sefīd and Kāni Safīd) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 92 families.
 Głuszyna [ɡwuˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraszewice within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 136 km (85 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Leyeh (Persian: ليه‎) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Sokolets is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād; also known as Ebrahim Abad Mehriz) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kisszentmárton is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Trzciniec [ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Skórzec 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 78 km (48 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 480.
 Sadatabad (Persian: سادات اباد‎ also Romanized as Sādātābād) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 24 families.
 Janowice Raczyckie [janɔˈvit͡sɛ raˈt͡ʂɨt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Gnojno 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Czarzaste Małe [t͡ʂaˈʐastɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bhagyanagar is a village in Shorapur (Surpur) taluka Yadgir district Karnataka India.
 Clocuşna is a commune in Ocniţa district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Clocuşna.
 Shinka is a small village near Jalalia village in Hazro Tehsil Attock District Punjab province of Pakistan. Nearby are Behbudi Ghorghushti town Malak Mala and Nartopa. The Area is considered to be arable land and good soil for farming.People were settlers that came from Afghanistan. mostly consisting of people speaking Pashto Language. Hindko is another language spoken openly in this area. Most of them are Pashtuns and they consist of different tribes.
 Lubania-Lipiny [luˈbaɲa liˈpinɨ] (German: Liedkesfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Gelali-ye Jadid (Persian: گلالي جديد‎ also Romanized as Gelālī-ye Jadīd; also known as Gelālī-ye Tāzehābād) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Katak (Persian: كتك‎ also Romanized as Kotok) is a village in Lar Rural District Laran District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 49 families.
 Mowtowpam-e Pansar 5 (Persian: موتوپم پنثر5‎ also Romanized as Mowtowpam-e Pans̱ar 5) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Sabz Vahdat (Persian: سبز وحدت‎ also Romanized as Sabz Vaḩdat) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Konari (Persian: كناري‎ also Romanized as Konārī and Kenari; also known as Kināri) is a village in Abkosh Rural District Bord Khun District Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 67 families.
 Kowalewo Podborne [kɔvaˈlɛvɔ pɔdˈbɔrnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Gozdowo 16 km (10 mi) south of Sierpc and 106 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 Banj is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D110 highway.
 Podłęże Szlacheckie [pɔdˈwɛ̃ʐɛ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przystajń within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Przystajń 22 km (14 mi) west of Kłobuck and 75 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 309.
 Lahodiv (Ukrainian: Лагодів) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Ramdia is a village in Kamrup rural district near Hajo town situated in south bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Shah Tut (Persian: شاه توت‎ also Romanized as Shāh Tūt) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 112 families.
 Voćnjak is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1204 people.
 Deh-e Bala (Persian: ده بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bālā) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Olszewo [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kraszkowice [kraʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchlas within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wierzchlas 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Wieluń and 86 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Donji Kalimanići (Serbian: Доњи Калиманићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hireharakuni is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Inguruwatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Al Mubarak is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Wolny Dwór [ˈvɔlnɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Skarszewy 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Starogard Gdański and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 283.
 Kaczorów [kaˈt͡ʂɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bozgush (Persian: بزگوش‎ also Romanized as Bozgūsh) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 41 families.
 Krasne [ˈkrasnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Lipsk 27 km (17 mi) east of Augustów and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Barainiya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3219 persons living in 504 individual households.
 Donja Mikuljana is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 83 people.
 Tiharu is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Gapalphedi is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 5533 and had 1166 households in it.
 Malakan is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Warwat Khanderao is a village in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.
 Urita is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Phong Điền is a commune (xã) and village in Trần Văn Thời District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Krasne [ˈkrasnɛ] is a village in Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Krasne. It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3500.
 Chah-e Talkh Molla Mohammad (Persian: چاه تلخ ملامحمد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Talkh Mollā Moḩammad) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bizdan (Persian: بيزدان‎ also Romanized as Bīzdān; also known as Bīzāb) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 47 families.
 Barud (Persian: برود‎ also Romanized as Barūd and Bar Rūd) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 17 families.
 Nowe Wikrowo [ˈnɔvɛ viˈkrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 41 kilometres (25 mi) east of Elbląg and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 130.
 Dahakalikasthan is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1999 living in 362 individual households.
 Górka [ˈɡurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Brodnica 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Śrem and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 260.
 Yowlqonluy-e Jadid (Persian: يولقنلوي جديد‎ also Romanized as Yowlqonlūy-e Jadīd; also known as Yolghoonlooé Jadid Yowlqūnlū-ye Jadīd Yūlqūnlū-ye Jadīd and Yurgakli) is a village in Gavdul-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2254 in 627 families.
 Skorków [ˈskɔrkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Krasocin 19 km (12 mi) east of Włoszczowa and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 641.
 Musa (Persian: موسي‎ also Romanized as Mūsá) is a village in Dustan Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 24 families.
 Wólka Górska [ˈvulka ˈɡurska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 75.
 Khujehlar (Persian: خوجه لر‎ also Romanized as Khūjehlar and Khūjahlar) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 23 families.
 Nagampeta is a village in the Jammikunta mandal Karimnagar district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Shahrak-e Kowsar (Persian: شهرك كوثر‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Kows̱ar) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1506 in 283 families.
 Grodzisko [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Żytno 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 105 km (65 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Novo Selo is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 56 people.
 Fashtal (Persian: فشتال‎ also Romanized as Fashtāl; also known as Fishtal) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 906 in 250 families.
 Samqan (Persian: سامقان‎ also Romanized as Sāmqān and Sāmghān) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 548 in 127 families.
 Kabalı is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Plękity [plɛnˈkitɨ] (German Plenkitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. which is in Europe.
 Tajanak-e Sofla (Persian: تجنك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tajanak-e Soflá) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 37 families.
 Laśmiady [laɕˈmjadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Stare Juchy 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Ełk and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sady [ˈsadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Niemodlin and 20 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Avin-e Olya (Persian: اوين عليا‎ also Romanized as Āvīn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Avin Bala and Āvīn-e Bālā) is a village in Fin Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 14 families.
 Lipinki [lʲiˈpʲiŋkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 850.
 Vayalogam	(Tamil: வயலோகம் ) is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Qaleh Now-ye Anqolabi (Persian: قلعه نوانقلابي‎ also Romanized as Qal’eh Now-ye Ānqolābī; also known as Qal‘eh Now-ye Ra’īsī Qal‘eh Now-e Ra’īsī and Qal’eh Now) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 40 families.
 Huta Komarowska [ˈxuta kɔmaˈrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Zamość and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mount Pleasant is a village in Racine County Wisconsin in the United States. It is located approximately 30 miles (50 km) south of Milwaukee and 60 miles (100 km) north of Chicago. As of the 2010 census the village population was 26197 making it the 2nd most populous village in the State of Wisconsin and the 29th most populous municipality in the State of Wisconsin
 Lime Ridge is a village in Sauk County Wisconsin United States. The population was 162 at the 2010 census.
 Dehik (Persian: دهك‎ also Romanized as Dehīk; also known as Dehak) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 53 families.
 Mroczkowice [mrɔt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Egelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Mirsk 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 119 kilometres (74 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 284.
 Maliheh Kut-e Sad (Persian: مليحه كوت سعد‎ also Romanized as Malīḩeh Kūt-e S‘ad) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 68 families.
 Tatlar is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Nughab (Persian: نوغاب‎ also Romanized as Nūghāb; also known as Neqāb and Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hnawayaca is a village in northwestern Maré Island in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia. It lies west by road from Wakuarori northeast of Padawa and south of Roh.The villagers are notable performers of the Drui dance.
 Bard Zard (Persian: بردزرد‎) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ketuke is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2912.
 Liinamäe is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Darż [darʂ] (formerly German Daarz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Maszewo 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Goleniów and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 376.
 Khalilabad (Persian: خليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Khalīlābād) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 85 families.
 Hajjiabad-e Yarahmadi (Persian: حاجي آباد ياراحمدي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Yāraḩmadī; also known as Ḩājjīābād and Hājīābād) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 476 in 122 families.
 Kulcharam or Kulsaram is a village and tehsil in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh India.It is bounded by Tekmal Papannapet Medak Yeldurthy Kaudipalli and Andole mandals.
 Borz-e Rafiabad (Persian: برزرفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Borz-e Rafī‘ābād; also known as Rafāhābād Rafī‘ābād and Refāhābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 47 families.
 Bubel-Granna [ˈbubɛl ˈɡranːa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.The village has a population of 120.
 Dębnowola [dɛmbnɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Warka 24 km (15 mi) east of Grójec and 45 km (28 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 300.
 Tolombeh-ye Ebrahim Kamali (Persian: تلمبه ابراهيم كمالي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ebrāhīm Kamālī) is a village in Banaruiyeh Rural District Banaruiyeh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stary Dzierzkówek [ˈstarɨ d͡ʑɛʂˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Skaryszew 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Radom and 108 km (67 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Osiek [ˈɔɕek] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Selanec is a village in Croatia.
 Plebanka [plɛˈbaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 23 km (14 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 247.
 Woliczka [vɔˈlit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świlcza within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Świlcza and 11 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Paurai is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5252 people living in 1005 individual households.
 Borkenes is a village in the municipality of Kvæfjord in Troms county Norway. The village is the administrative centre of the municipality. It is located on the island of Hinnøya about 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of the city of Harstad. It is located along the Kvæfjorden (an arm of the Gullesfjorden) looking across the fjord at the island of Kvæøya.Kvæfjord Church is located in the village centre near the local school. The village is built along the small river Råelva.
 Tomaszów [tɔˈmaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Opatów and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 160.
 Jirhandeh (Persian: جيرهنده‎ also Romanized as Jīrhandeh) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 605 in 180 families.
 Chehel Qez va Siah Darreh (Persian: چهل قزوسياه دره‎ also Romanized as Chehel Qez va Sīāh Darreh; also known as Sīāh Darreh and Chehel Qez) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District in the Central District of Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 875 in 201 families.
 Incheh (Persian: اينچه‎ also Romanized as Īncheh; also known as Īncheh-ye Morād Khān) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 22 families.
 Zemsko [ˈzɛmskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Krzemionka [kʂɛˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Godziesze Wielkie 17 km (11 mi) south of Kalisz and 121 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Barlovo is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 166 people.
 Samborzec [samˈbɔʐɛt͡s] is a village in Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Samborzec. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 500.
 Pražmo is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 969 (2006). Pražmo lies in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids in the elevation of 435 m on the Morávka River in the historical region of Těšín Silesia.
 Lipowo [liˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Piecki 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Mrągowo and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 240.
 Gavkosh (Persian: گاوكش‎ also Romanized as Gāvkosh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 16 families.
 Laderazi (Persian: لادرازي‎ also Romanized as Lāderāzī; also known as Chahsmen Ali Chashmeh-i-‘Ali Cheshmeh ‘Alī and Cheshmeh ‘Alī Mūchkān) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Surgan (Persian: سورگان‎ also Romanized as Sūrgān) is a village in Irafshan Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 42 families.
 Mościska [mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lubichowo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 153.
 Leszczyna [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨna] (German: Hasselbusch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Henabad-e Olya (Persian: هناابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Henābād-e ‘Olyā and Hanābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Haneh Abad Olyā Hīnābād Bālā and Hīnābād-e Bālā) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 23 families.
 Pogoro (Pogoro Mossi) is a village in the Koumbri Department of Yatenga Province in northern Burkina Faso. It has a population of 925.
 Askavaq (Persian: اسكوق‎ also Romanized as Oskūq; also known as Eskara Eskyava and Sakūq) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 24 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajji Bayandar (Persian: قشلاق حاجي بايندر‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Bāyandar) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 31 families.
 Novi Milanovac (Serbian: Нови Милановац) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 406 people.
 Zaroślak [zaˈrɔɕlak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ihalagama Niyangama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gniewkowice [ɡɲɛfkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Annahof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kietrz 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Głubczyce and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Karim Ali (Persian: كرم علي‎ also Romanized as Karim ʿAlī) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Beyramabad (Persian: بيرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Beyrāmābād; also known as Bahrāmābād) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Przeradowo [pʂɛraˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 65 km (40 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Noordgouwe is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland and lies about 5 km north of Zierikzee.Noordgouwe was a separate municipality until 1961 when it was merged with Brouwershaven.In 2001 the village of Noordgouwe had 229 inhabitants.
 Sugar Grove is a village in Fairfield County Ohio United States. The population was 426 at the 2010 census.
 Biskupice [biskuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qarah Bolagh (Persian: قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bolāgh) is a village in Shirang Rural District Kamalan District Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2446 in 523 families.
 Abadan is a village in Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Eldeş is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 464 people.
 Stare Dolistowo [ˈstarɛ dɔlisˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Mońki and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The parish of Dolistowo was founded on February 6 1500.
 Andabil (Persian: اندبيل‎ also Romanized as Andabīl; also known as Andehbīl and Yandabil’) is a village in Chelleh Khaneh Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 739 in 206 families.
 Dig-e Rostam (Persian: ديگ رستم‎ also Romanized as Dīg-e Rostam) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ludlow is an incorporated village within the town of Ludlow Windsor County Vermont United States. It is sometimes called Ludlow Village to distinguish it from the surrounding town of the same name. The population was 811 at the 2010 census.
 Wiklino [viˈklinɔ] (German Beckel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Słupsk (Stolp) and 99 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk (Danzig).Before 1945 the area of Farther Pomerania where the village is located was part of Germany.
 Piotrkówko [pjɔtrˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Szamotuły and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dhar palle is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Garamkhani (Persian: گرم خاني‎ also Romanized as Garamkhānī; also known as Garamkhākhī and Karamkhānī) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Jhanwer is a village in the Jodhpur district of Rajasthan India. Jhanwer's population is around 9000.
 Em Agaleh Maravaneh (Persian: ام عگله مراونه‎ also Romanized as Em ʿAgaleh Marāvaneh) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dębicze [dɛmˈbit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Prosną 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 136 km (85 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shahsavari (Persian: شهسواري‎ also Romanized as Shahsavārī) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 26 families.
 Wysokie [vɨˈsɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Karbowskie [karˈbɔfskʲɛ] (German: Karbowsken (1938-45:Siegersfeld)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Ełk and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Madugalla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gornam (Persian: گرنام‎ also Romanized as Gornām) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 57 families.
 Atash Khosrow (Persian: اتش خسرو‎ also Romanized as Ātash Khosrow; also known as Alash Khosrow Alastraf Ātash Khorow and Atashtrev) is a village in Arzil Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rusocice [rusɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Czernichów and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Khoda Afarid (Persian: خداافريد‎ also Romanized as Khodā Āfarīd) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District Eresk District Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 30 families.
 Bieleckie Młyny [bjɛˈlɛt͡skʲɛ ˈmwɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Morawica and 16 km (10 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Gornja Ljuboviđa (Serbian Cyrillic: Горња Љубовиђа) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ljubovija municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 443 in 2002.
 Godholi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kolonia Trzepnica [kɔˈlɔɲa tʂɛpˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Łęki Szlacheckie 23 km (14 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Huaycama (Ambato) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Hoàng Trĩ is a commune (xã) and village in Ba Bể District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Shahrak-e Makuyeh (Persian: شهرك مكويه‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Makūyeh; also known as Makūyeh) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 165 families.
 Siedliszczki [ɕedˈliʂt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rejowiec 19 km (12 mi) west of Chełm and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qeshlaq-e Ali Akbar Hamzeh (Persian: قشلاق علي اكبرحمزه‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e ʿAlī Akbar Ḩamzeh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Czarny Bór [ˈt͡ʂarnɨ ˈbur] (German: Schwarzwaldau) is a village in Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Czarny Bór. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wałbrzych and 76 kilometres (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 2000.
 Kerstan (Persian: كرستان‎ also Romanized as Kerstān; also known as Kerīstān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 7 families.
 Kaagjärve is a village in Karula Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia located about 9 km east of the bordertown Valga. It has a population of 340 (as of 1 January 2004).The currently inactive Valga–Pechory railway passes Kaagjärve on its northern side there's a station named Ratsimäe.
 Berušica (Serbian: Берушица) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Soleyman Bolaghi (Persian: سليمان بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Soleymān Bolāghī; also known as Soleymān Bolāgh Soleymānbūlāghī Sulaimanbulāqi and Suleyman-Bulag) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Shelgerd (Persian: شلگرد‎ also Romanized as Shalgerd and Shalgird) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 28 families.
 Dash Bolagh (Persian: داشبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh) is a village in Karaftu Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 415 in 83 families.
 Akballı is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Ülendi is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Nowa Rossocha [ˈnɔva rɔsˈsɔxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rawa Mazowiecka and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Johri is a village in Bagpat district in Uttar Pradesh India. Johri is between Baraut and Binauli on Meerut road. Binauli is about 9 km from Baraut and 4 km from Binauli. Official name of this village is Anagdpur Johri
 Cholchelak (Persian: چلچلك‎) is a village in Mongasht Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1451 in 278 families.
 Allah Now Bazar (Persian: الله نوبازار‎ also Romanized as Allah Now Bāzār; also known as ‘Alā Nūr Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 10 families.
 Lubieszewo [lubjɛˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Güntershagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złocieniec within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Złocieniec 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 340.
 Uparhali is a village in Kamrup rural district situated in south bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Šuljkovac is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 695 people.
 Dabolim is a village in Mormugão Goa. It is located about 30 km from the state capital Panjim 23 km from the South Goa district headquarters Margão and 5 km from Vasco da Gama the headquarters of Mormugão.Dabolim Airport the only airport in Goa is located here.
 Sarab Narm (Persian: سراب نرم‎ also Romanized as Sarāb Narm; also known as Sarāb Narm-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Madd Koondhar(Urdu: مڈ کوندھر‎) is a village in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh Pakistan.
 Pankivtsi (Ukrainian: Паньківці) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Białka [ˈbjau̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański within Sucha County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Maków Podhalański 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Sucha Beskidzka and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2542.
 Maqsudabad (Persian: مقصوداباد‎ also Romanized as Maqşūdābād) is a village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Buyduz (Persian: بويدوز‎ also Romanized as Būydūz and Bū’īdūz; also known as Bū’īndūz) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 30 families.
 KazaTelugu = కాజ  is a village and large Panchayati Raj in Movva Mandal in Krishna district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. The population of the village is more than 10000 and the biggest village in Movva Mandal. Kaza village was formed in the name of the Hindu Goddess Kazamma.Coming to village historyThe statue of Hindu Goddess Kaazamma was found in a Paddy field. Latterly it was formed as Kazaby the name of that Goddess.
 Čelevec is a small village in the western part of the Demir Kapija Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. It mostly consists of Turkish inhabitants. The people are very traditional and the village itself is located in a beautiful wooded area between the mountains. To get here you can walk along the river at the stopping point between the two tunnels on the main highway to Gevgelija that lead into the canyon.
 Makh (Persian: ماخ‎ also Romanized as Mākh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 49 families.
 Nandihal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gouwe is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Opmeer and lies about 11 km northwest of Hoorn.The statistical area Gouwe which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 210.
 Gol Anjireh (Persian: گل انجيره‎ also Romanized as Gol Ānjīreh; also known as Golānjīr) is a village in Garmsir Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 4 families.
 G. Konduru is a village and mandal headquarters in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Rezaabad (Persian: رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād and Rezāābād) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Yavca is a village in Toroslar district of Mersin Province Turkey where the capital city of Toroslar district is actually a part of Greater Mersin. The village is in Toros Mountains at 37°01′N 34°23′E and the distance to Mersin city center is about 45 kilometres (28 mi) The population of Yavca was 283 as of 2011. The main economic activity of the village is agriculture.
 Wilson is a village in Niagara County New York United States. The population was 1264 at the 2010 census. The village is said to be named after Luther Wilson. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.The Village of Wilson is within the Town of Wilson in the northern part of the county. It was incorporated on May 11 1858. The village has a small boat harbor for Lake Ontario that includes several marinas and boat launching facilities.
 Deh-e Rayi (Persian: ده رئي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Rayī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Velká Chmelištná is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Berdalen is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Mierzyn [ˈmjɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Gryfice and 72 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 28.
 Kotabagi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Halarud (Persian: هلارود‎ also Romanized as Halārūd) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 14 families.
 Takbaş is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 37°57′N 34°50′E it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity). Çukurova Motorway (O-51) is to the north and Turkish state highway D.400 is to the south of the village. The distance to Tarsus is 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) and to Mersin is 35 kilometres (22 mi). The population of the village is 1003 as of 2011. It is a typical Çukurova village cotton and fresh vegetables being the main crops.
 Delgany (Irish: Deilgne meaning Thorny Place) is a village in County Wicklow on the R762 road between Greystones and the N11 road at the Glen of the Downs. It is about 25 km (16 mi) south of Dublin city centre.It is a commuter village separated from the western edge of Greystones by the adjoining village of Killincarrig. There is a Church of Ireland parish church and the parish school Delgany National School and a Catholic Carmelite Convent in the village.
 Tarkeh Veys (Persian: تركه ويس‎; also known as Tark-e Veys Tark Veys and Tork Veys) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 94 families.
 Podgórzyce [pɔdɡuˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.The village has a population of 100.
 Shab Khoskaj (Persian: شب خسكاج‎ also Romanized as Shab Khoskāj) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 156 families.
 Kumbhawade is a small village in Sindhudurg district near Amboli hill resort in India. Kumbhawade is well-known its mango cashew and banana farms.
 Selnica Podravska is a village in Croatia.
 Kołodziejowy Grąd [kɔwɔd͡ʑeˈjɔvɨ ˈɡrɔnt] (German: Kollodzeygrund 1938-45:Radegrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wielbark 15 km (9 mi) south of Szczytno and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mazraeh-ye Jowzar (Persian: مزرعه جوزار‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Jowzār; also known as Jowzār) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Chahchah (Persian: چهچه‎; also known as Chahchaheh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 851 in 220 families.
 Arazand (Persian: ارزند‎ also Romanized as Ārazand Ārezand and Ārzand; also known as Arazānī and Tāzehāwa Arazānī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 92 families.
 Abdolabad-e Kani Kabud (Persian: عبدل ابادكاني كبود‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdolābād-e Kānī Kabūd and Abdolābād-e Kān Kabūd; also known as Abdolābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Chrósty [ˈxrustɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Stara Kiszewa 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Zakrzewo-Ranki [zaˈkʂɛvɔ ˈraŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dundee is a village in Monroe County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 3957 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Dundee Township. Through a series of annexations and land transfers the village has greatly increased in size over the past several years. The village and the surrounding township are served by Dundee Community Schools.
 Sylvarena is a village in Smith County Mississippi. The population was 120 at the 2000 census.
 Ridge Farm is a village in Elwood Township Vermilion County Illinois United States. It is part of the Danville Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 912 at the 2000 census.
 Gwizdów [ˈɡvʲizduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Leżajsk and 30 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 617.
 Senjedu Allah Qoli (Persian: سنجدوالله قلي‎ also Romanized as Senjedū Allah Qolī; also known as Senjedū) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gąski [ˈɡɔ̃ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Warka 21 km (13 mi) east of Grójec and 45 km (28 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 270.
 Değnek is a village in Toroslar district an intracity district of Greater Mersin Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated on the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Mersin is 48 kilometres (30 mi). The population of the village is 390 as of 2011. The main crops of the village are fruits like peaches and cherries. Irrigation used to be a problem in the past but today an irrigation dam is under construction 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of the village.
 Kovačina (Cyrillic: Ковачина) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ljeskovica (Serbian: Љесковица) is a village in the municipality of Drvar Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jóźwików [juʑˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Radoszyce 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Końskie and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Sainovina is a village in the municipality of Čajetina western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 810 people.
 Kaczórki [kaˈt͡ʂurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnobród within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Krasnobród 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Zamość and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tazehabad Golestaneh (Persian: تازه آباد گلستانه‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād Golestāneh) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 13 families. A census in 2010 showed a growth of an additional family and a total population of 69.
 Zaborze [zaˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oświęcim within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Oświęcim and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2464.
 Bu ol Araz (Persian: بوالعرض‎ also Romanized as Bū ol ‘Araẕ and Bowl‘arz) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Darab (Persian: داراب‎ also Romanized as Dārāb) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 31 families.
 Meddehinna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qeshlaq-e Qarah Kakil Ayaz (Persian: قشلاق قره ككيل اياز‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qarah Kakīl Āyāz) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Lãng Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Yên Dũng District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Taszów [ˈtaʂuf] (German: Tassau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lewin Kłodzki 27 kilometres (17 mi) west of Kłodzko and 99 kilometres (62 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Fortepian [fɔrˈtɛpjan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Biecz 14 km (9 mi) north of Gorlice and 94 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village's name is the Polish word for piano.
 Białotarsk [bjaˈwɔtarsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Gostynin and 118 km (73 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Makvište (Serbian Cyrillic: Маквиште) is a village situated in Despotovac municipality in Serbia.
 Šipačina is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 252 people.
 Muttar is a village in upper Kuttanad Alappuzha district of Kerala India. It is located 10 km west of Changanacherry on the Kidangara Neerattupuram (Muttar Central) road surrounded by Thalavady Neerettupuram Kunnamkary Chathamkary & Mithrakary.The River Manimala flows on the East of the village. The village has several coconut plantations and paddy fields.
 Sitharasur is a small village in Panruti Taluk in Cuddalore District in Tamil Nadu India. Annagramam Panruti Palur Cuddalore are the nearby Towns to Sitharasur. Sitharasur is reachable by Melpattam Pakka RailWay Station Panruti RailWay Station Nellikuppam RailWay Station. Its main Village Panchayat is Sitharasur Panchayat.
 Kajetanowo [kajɛtaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koneck within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koneck 12 km (7 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 31 km (19 mi) south of Toruń.
 Yaqubabad (Persian: يعقوب اباد‎ also Romanized as Yaʿqūbābād) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 9 families.
 Ghadir-e Sab (Persian: غديرسبع‎ also Romanized as Ghadīr-e Sab‘; also known as 'Qadīr-e Sab‘ and Qadīr Sab‘) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 20 families.
 Chinnaganjam is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Pewel Ślemieńska [ˈpɛvɛl ɕlɛˈmjɛɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnna within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Żywiec and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1555.
 Korolówka-Kolonia [kɔrɔˈlufka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Pereküla is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Jagarnathpur Sira is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4328 people living in 695 individual households.
 Juryab (Persian: جورياب‎ also Romanized as Jūryāb and Jowryāb; also known as Dzhoryab Joor Yab Joriāb and Jowryāf) is a village in Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 754 in 273 families.
 Zbory [ˈzbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Popów 14 km (9 mi) north of Kłobuck and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 221.
 Baqerabad-e Tork (Persian: باقرابادترك‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād-e Tork; also known as Torkeh Bāqerābād Bāqirābād and Bāqerābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 102 families.
 Grabnik [ˈɡrabnik] (German: Grabnick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Stare Juchy 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Ełk and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Niemcz [ɲemt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Osielsko and 8 km (5 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 1708.
 Żaczki [ˈʐat͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Pakuh-e Sefid (Persian: پاكوه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Pākūh-e Sefīd) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Ushaiger (Arabic: أشيقر) is a small village near Shagra in Saudi Arabia. It is 200 km NW of Riyadh. Ushaiger is one of the oldest towns in the Saudi region of Najd and it was a major stopping point for pilgrims coming from Kuwait Iraq and Iran to perform Hajj or Umrah. It was originally known as A’ekel but the name was eventually changed to Ushaiger. It was changed because the town is bordered by a small mountain north of the Village.
 Agholdar (Persian: اغلدر‎ also Romanized as Āgholdar and Aghol Dar) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 11 families.
 Bychawka Druga [bɨˈxafka ˈdruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ameryczka [amɛˈrɨt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Szubin 17 km (11 mi) south of Nakło nad Notecią and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 109.
 Stare Kłudno [ˈstarɛ ˈkwudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dasht Azadgan (Persian: دشت آزادگان‎ also Romanized as Dasht Āzādgān; also known as Deq Dozdān) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 22 families.
 Okna (Česká Lípa District) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Biển Bạch is a commune (xã) and village in Thới Bình District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Jabłeczna [jaˈbwɛt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sławatycze 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 320.
 Rastehgan (Persian: رستگان‎ also Romanized as Rastehgān and Rastegān) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 65 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Hājjīābād and Hājīābād) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Allahabad (Persian: اله اباد‎ also Romanized as Allāhābād) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 67 families.
 Keezhppally is a town in the Aralam panchayat of the Kannur district in Kerala India.Keezhppally is located 14 km from Iritty. The Aralam Wildlife Sanctuary is located nearby. The main pilgrim centers are Palarinjal Sree Mahadeve Temple (web site http://www.palarinjaltemple.com) Palarinjal Bhagavathy Temple and Blessed Chavara Kuriyakose Church. Keezhppally town is well connected major cities of Kerala Kottayam Trichr and Calicut by bus service.
 Zarevo Serbia is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 71 people.
 El Durazno is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Firlej [ˈfirlɛi̯] is a village in Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Firlej. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Lubartów and 35 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin. It is situated close to Lake FirlejIn 2004 the village had a population of 1000.
 Kachab Mahalleh (Persian: كچب محله‎ also Romanized as Kachab Maḩalleh; also known as Kachap Maḩalleh) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 971 in 193 families.
 Milewo-Szwejki [miˈlɛvɔ ˈʂfɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Najjar Kola-ye Jadid (Persian: نجاركلاجديد‎ also Romanized as Najjār Kolā-ye Jadīd; also known as Najjār Kolā) is a village in Kiakola Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 95 families.
 Imbriovec is a village in Croatia.
 Hajji Moharab (Persian: حاجي محارب‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Moḥārab) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 28 families.
 Veskitaguse is a village in Rae Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 52 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Araj Huma is a village in Bolivia. In 2001 it had a population of 403.
 Mataruge is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 164 people.
 Krushove is a village in the municipality of Leshnjë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Vraneša is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 485 people.
 Parasapur is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kalkuni is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Malavalli taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 Bogdany Małe [bɔɡˈdanɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Pleasant Dale is a village in Seward County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 205 at the 2010 census.
 Tork Neshin Lowshan (Persian: تركنشين لوشان‎ also Romanized as Tork Neshīn Lowshān; also known as Tork Lowshān) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Topolany [tɔpɔˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Michałowo and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Baghat-e Qaraval (Persian: باغات قراول‎ also Romanized as Bāghāt-e Qarāval) is a village in Darian Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 12 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Garmsir Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 92 families.
 Barzyna [baˈʐɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rychliki 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tilepata is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4305 people living in 797 individual households.
 Quwayzah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Naranpanawa Karagastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Molla Piri (Persian: ملاپيري‎ also Romanized as Mollā Pīrī; also known as Mollā Parī and Mullah Pīri) is a village in Saidabad Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1107 in 281 families.
 Izdebki [izˈdɛpkʲi] (Ukrainian: Іздебки Izdebky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Nozdrzec 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Brzozów and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Fakhr Avari (Persian: فخراوري‎ also Romanized as Fakhr Āvarī and Fakhr Averi; also known as Fahrīār and Fahriyāri) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 91 families.
 Stare Chrusty [ˈstarɛ ˈxrustɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Rokiciny 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kotdewal is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2607 and had 472 houses in the village.
 Qezel Qayeh-ye Sofla (Persian: قزل قيه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qezel Qayeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 48 families.
 Vlasina Okruglica is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 163 people.
 Barudar (Persian: برودر‎ also Romanized as Barūdar; also known as Bartūdār) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 43 families.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 89 families.
 Sürügüden Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Góra [ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krypno within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Mońki and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Struga [ˈstruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytnica within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bytnica 9 km (6 mi) north of Krosno Odrzańskie 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 70 km (43 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 108.
 Bahlu (Persian: بهلو‎ also Romanized as Bahlū; also known as Baker and Darreh Bahlū) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 38 families.
 Cetinovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D29 highway.
 Grejač (Serbian: Грејач) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 696 people.
 Damadem is a remote village in Tivim Goa India. The church is dedicated to St. Christopher. This part of Tivim is close to Mapusa and the Karaswada Industrial Estate. The village of Damedem adjoins the wards of Gavoim] Khoddai and Auchit Vaddo. Since urbanization began in 1995 there has been drastic change; it has become a popular place for people from outside Goa to relocate.
 Parsha Bulgaria is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Nowe Jeżewo [ˈnɔvɛ jɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tykocin and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 100.
 Kęsy-Wypychy [ˈkɛ̃sɨ vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Prochy [ˈprɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielichowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wielichowo 14 km (9 mi) south of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Czernięcin Główny [t͡ʂɛrˈɲɛnt͡ɕin ˈɡwuvnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Turobin 29 km (18 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 638.
 Deulgaon Bazar is a village in Sillod taluka in the Indian state of Aurangabad district Maharashtra.This village is situated on the bank of the Charna river 27 km from Sillod. Due to the presence of various temples in the village it was named Deulgaon (village of temples). Until some years before the Sunday bazar (Weekly Market) of Deulgaon was very famous in this area. The land of the village is very fertile.
 Paliczyno [paliˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Trzebiatów 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Gryfice and 88 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 26.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 52 families.
 Jakać Dworna [ˈjakat͡ɕ ˈdvɔrna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Śniadowo 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Łomża and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bon Sefid (Persian: بن سفيد‎ also Romanized as Bon Sefīd) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 16 families.
 Janiszowice [janiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 156.
 Binkowice [biŋkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Ożarów 19 km (12 mi) east of Opatów and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Huta-Dąbrowa [ˈxuta dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Krzywda 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Łuków and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1600.
 Bagh-e Karambeyg (Persian: باغ كرم بيگ‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Karambeyg; also known as Bāqrāmbek) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 42 families.
 Eyshabad (Persian: عيش اباد‎ also Romanized as ʿEyshābād and Ayshabad) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Ulinia [uˈliɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Wicko 23 km (14 mi) north of Lębork and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 51.
 Kilmaine or Kilmain (Irish: Cill Mheáin) is a barony and village in County Mayo Ireland.
 Gazaf-e Sofla (Persian: گزاف سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gazāf-e Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 24 families.
 Qurahjil (Persian: قوره جيل‎ also Romanized as Qūrahjīl) is a village in Kermajan Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 43 families.
 Bagniewko [baɡˈɲefkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nowoszyce [nɔvɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sulików 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Zgorzelec and 135 kilometres (84 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Konar Baland (Persian: كناربلند‎ also Romanized as Konār Baland) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Belgarus (Persian: بل گروس‎ also Romanized as Belgarūs; also known as Belgares Bolgores and Bolgoros) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 42 families.
 Taherabad (Persian: طاهراباد‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Suchodoły [suxɔˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Krośniewice 20 km (12 mi) west of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Faleasao is a village in American Samoa. It is located in Manu'a District on the northern shore of Ta'ū Island. It is divided into two subvillages the eastern side being called Si'ua'i while the western half being called Tufulele (Tufu). The high chief is the Aso'au title currently in array for there is no known heir to the title.
 Stronie [ˈstrɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowica within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Limanowa.The village has a population of 940.
 Lay-e Talkheh Zar (Persian: لاي تلخه زار ‎ also Romanized as Lāy-e Talkheh Zār; also known as Marghdārī-ye Ḩājj Moḩammad Reẕā Ja‘farī) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Orlinka [ɔrˈlinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Emmiganur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bellary taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Piesienica [pjɛɕɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zblewo 9 km (6 mi) west of Starogard Gdański and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 224.
 Buśnia [ˈbuɕɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Warlubie 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Świecie 56 km (35 mi) north of Toruń and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 140.
 Tolombeh-ye Ayatollah Meshkini (Persian: تلمبه ايت اله مشكيني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Āyatollah Meshkīnī) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Zwierzyniec Wielki [zvjɛˈʐɨɲɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Dąbrowa Białostocka 36 km (22 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ligota Dolna [liˈɡɔta ˈdɔlna] German Nieder Ellguth is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Strzelce Opolskie and 25 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mazraeh-ye Qazian (Persian: مزرعه قاضيان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Qāz̤īān) is a village in Sehhatabad Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aznab (Persian: ازناب‎ also Romanized as Aznāb and Eznāb; also known as Aznau Aznow and Az̄nū) is a village in Darsajin Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 58 families.
 Nowruzabad (Persian: نوروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Nowrūzābād) is a village in Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 16 families.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Gateh-ye Now (Persian: گته نو‎) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 11 families.
 Deh-e Hajji (Persian: ده حاجي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩājjī and Deh Hājī) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 385 in 95 families.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lotfabad (Persian: لطف اباد‎ also Romanized as Loţfābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 582 in 143 families.
 Chilime is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1281 people living in 261 individual households.
 Sarab-e Seyah Push (Persian: سراب سياه پوش‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Seyāh Pūsh; also known as Sīāh Pūsh and Sīāhpūsh) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 51 families.
 Sefteh (Persian: سفته‎; also known as Sefteh-ye Fatḩābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 13 families.
 Downiewo [dɔvˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Gródek and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Madhavpur is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3075 living in 581 individual households.
 Mowtowr-e Azim Borhan Zehi (Persian: موتورعظيم برهانزهي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAz̧īm Borhān Zehī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hajji Bolaghi (Persian: حاجي بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bolāghī; also known as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājī Bolāghī Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Bolāgh and Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Bolāghī) is a village in Rudshur Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Molangoor is located 30 km from Karimnagar. was ruled by the Recherla Vala family of the Velama caste. The Velama's are of the warrior caste of Andhra Pradesh from ancient times. Traditionally they have put great value on etiquette and the military virtues and take great pride in their ancestry.
 Ługów [ˈwuɡuf] (German: Lugau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Świebodzin 37 km (23 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 55 km (34 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Airmont is a village in the town of Ramapo Rockland County New York United States located north of the state of New Jersey east of Suffern south of Montebello and west of Chestnut Ridge. The population was 8628 at the 2010 census.The village of Airmont incorporated in 1991 is a consolidation of the hamlets of Tallman Airmont and South Monsey.
 Qarah Ghurat (Persian: قره غورت‎ also Romanized as Qarah Ghūrat; also known as Qarah ‘Owrat) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 22 families.
 Budy Milewskie [ˈbudɨ miˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zawidz 20 km (12 mi) east of Sierpc and 100 km (62 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 110.
 Buturovići kod Osenika is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kandapola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gornja Koprivna is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Babina Luka is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 772 people.
 Ehengah (Persian: اهنگاه‎ also Romanized as Ehengāh) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Ravipalli is a village in Garugubilli mandal in the revenue division of Parvathipuram in Vizianagaram district of India.
 Uzići is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 514 people.
 Tushkeh (Persian: توئيشكه‎ also Romanized as Tūshkeh and Tūshgeh) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 12 families.
 Kobylniki [kɔbɨlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Obrzycko 8 km (5 mi) north of Szamotuły and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pieniężno Pierwsze [pjɛˈɲɛ̃ʐnɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Mahmudabad-e Gavkol (Persian: محمودابادگاوكل‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Gāvkol; also known as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 84 families.
 Yazdabad (Persian: يزداباد‎ also Romanized as Yazdābād) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District in the Central District of Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 41 families.
 Olszyny [ɔlˈʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babice within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Babice 10 km (6 mi) south of Chrzanów and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 750.
 Bon-e Dab (Persian: بون داب‎ also Romanized as Bon-e Dāb) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 22 families.
 Sant Carles de Peralta (Spanish: San Carlos) is a village in the north east of Ibiza (Catalan: Eivissa) Spain. The village is in the municipality of Santa Eulària des Riu and is located on the designated road PM 810. The village is 21.6 miles (34.8 km) North East of Ibiza Town and 28.3 miles (45.5 km) of Ibiza Airport. 5.0 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the South east of the village is the coastal resort of Es Canar.
 Dziki Bór [ˈd͡ʑiki ˈbur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Sierpc and 126 km (78 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Yeniköy is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 For the Chilean lawyer see Mariano EgañaEgaña is a village in the Soriano Department of western Uruguay.
 Arviz (Persian: ارويز‎ also Romanized as Ārvīz) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 25 families.
 Miyanagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ruyzat-e Sofla (Persian: رويضات سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rūyẕāt-e Soflá; also known as Roveyzāt-e Pā’īn Roveyẕāt-e Soflá and Rūyẕāt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 33 families.
 Mirle is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Krishnarajanagara taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Kotouba is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes 5 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 5799.
 Vanak-e Olya (Persian: ونك عليا‎ also Romanized as Vanak-e ‘Olyā; also known as Vanak-e Bālā) is a village in Chenarud-e Shomali Rural District Chenarud District Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 13 families.
 Allambres is a village in the municipality of Cukalat in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Laagna is a village in Vaivara Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Palle Makuruppe is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Karlıyazı Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Telsen is a village in Chubut Province Argentina. It is the head town of the Telsen Department located 176 km west of the provincial capital Puerto Madryn. It was founded on December 9 1898 by John Marley.
 Aksu is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 895 people.
 Kordestan-e Kuchek (Persian: كردستان كوچك‎ also Romanized as Kordestān-e Kūchek; also known as Kordestān Kordestān-e ‘Olyā and Kurdistān) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 91 families.
 Koeravere is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kesselaid (also Kessulaid or diminutively Kessu. German: Schildau; Swedish: Sköld Skölldo) is a 1.7 km2 (0.66 sq mi) Estonian islet located between the mainland and the island of Muhu in the Suur väin (Big Strait) which connects the Väinameri strait and the Gulf of Riga. There's only one village on the island Kesse which is administratively part of Muhu Parish Saare County.With the highest point 15.6 m above sea level it's the highest islet of Estonia.
 Heble is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bhatkal taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Mallekan is a village in Ellenabad (sub-division) of Sirsa District Haryana. The village is about 21.1 kilometres (13.1 mi) from the sub-division Ellenabad and 19.4 kilometres (12.1 mi) from the divisional district headquarters Sirsa. Although the village is located in the inferior part of Haryana (232 kilometres (144 mi) from the state capital Chandigarh) it is one of the most rapidly developing villages in the state.
 Lubiatów [luˈbjatuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Drezdenko 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 37 km (23 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 160.
 Vangara is a village in Bheemadevarpalle mandal in Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh India. Current assembly constituency is Husnabad. Current MLA is Sri Algireddy Praveen Reddy (Present president of Mulkanoor Co-op Bank). Vangara is well connected with Warangal Hyderabad and Karimnagar. It got AP Girls Residencey School during P.V. Narasimha Rao's rule. It is famous as the hometown of P. V. Narasimha Rao a former Prime Minister of India.
 Devarbhavi (Kannada: ದೇವರಭಾವಿ) is a village in Kumta Taluka. It is next to Torke village.
 Tal-e Chegah (Persian: تل چگاه‎ also Romanized as Tal-e Chegāh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 14 families.
 Nesvačily is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Katarzynopole [kataʐɨnɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Siemkowice 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Graft is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Graft-De Rijp and lies about 11 km south of Alkmaar.Graft was a separate municipality until 1970 when it merged with De Rijp.The statistical area Graft which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 760.
 Baba Zeyd (Persian: بابازيد‎ also Romanized as Bābā Zeyd; also known as Bāvāzeyd and Bawāzid) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 635 in 147 families.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 28 families.
 Qarah Khvojalu (Persian: قره خوجالو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Khvojalū and Qarah Khvojālū) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 63 families.
 Zatom Nowy [ˈzatɔm ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Międzychód and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gołuchowice [ɡɔwuxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Skawina and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Eba Beyglu (Persian: عبابيگلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Ebā Beyglū) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 68 families.
 Bogdaniec [bɔɡˈdaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Sochaczew and 45 km (28 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Sęków [ˈsɛŋkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Cheshmeh Pahn-e Alishah (Persian: چشمه پهن عليشاه‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Pahn-e ʿAlīshāh) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 53 families.
 Kemmankol is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Turak (Persian: تورك‎ also Romanized as Tūraḵ) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 14 families.
 Kayadüzü is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 860 people.
 Carthage is a village located in the Town of Wilna in Jefferson County New York. The population was 3747 at the 2010 census. The village is named after the historic Carthage in North Africa.The Village of Carthage is at the southeast town line and is east of Watertown.
 Boguszyce [bɔɡuˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (formerly German Boguschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Toszek 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 277.
 Viên An Đông is a commune (xã) and village in Ngọc Hiển District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Malá Štáhle (German: Klein Stohl) is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Donja Previja is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Inulec [iˈnulɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Mikołajki 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Mrągowo and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chah-e Ali Pangi (Persian: چاه علي پلنگي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAlī Palangī) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 8 families.
 Aravu is a village in Meeksi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.Writer and psychiatrist Vaino Vahing (1940–2008) was born in Aravu.
 Tetariya is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4469 people living in 846 individual households.
 Mastu (Persian: مستو‎ also Romanized as Mastū) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 11 families.
 Pulleniwatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qabtar Qoluy-e Olya (Persian: قبطرقلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qabţar Qolūy-e ‘Olyā; also known as ‘Eyshūm Do Ghebté Gholooé Dovom Qabţaqolū Qabţar Qolū-ye ‘Olyā Qeydar Qalū-ye Bālā and Qeydar Qalū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Zarqan Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Rahvard (Persian: رهورد‎) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District Bajgiran District Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 135 families.
 Tekkeköy Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ra's al Helal (Arabic: رأس الهلال‎) is a village on the Mediterranean coast in the Jebel Akhdar foothills in the northeastern region of Cyrenaica Libya. Ra's al Helal (English: 'The Crescent Cape') takes its name from its cape landform which is crescent shaped when viewed from above in the surrounding mountains. The village is in the District of Derna.
 Trąbki [ˈtrɔmpki] is a village in Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Biskupice. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wieliczka and 19 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Velesh Kola (Persian: ولشكلا‎ also Romanized as Velesh Kolā) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 887 in 242 families.
 Qaleh Cham (Persian: قلعه چم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Cham Qal‘eh-i-Cham Qal‘eh-ye Cham and Qal‘eh-ye Jam) is a village in Neyzar Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 775 in 209 families.
 Feyzabad (Persian: فيض اباد‎ also Romanized as Feyẕābād Faizābād and Feiz Abad) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 58 families.
 Tapoban is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1841 people living in 305 individual households.
 Bikasan (Persian: بيكسان‎ also Romanized as Bīkasān) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Çayağzı is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Northbrook is a village located at the northern edge of Cook County Illinois United States. It is a North Shore suburb of Chicago. The population was 33170 at the 2010 census.When incorporated in 1901 the village was known as Shermerville in honor of Frederick Schermer who donated the land for its first train station. The village changed its name to Northbrook in 1923 as an effort to improve its public image.
 Landzmierz [ˈland͡zmjɛʂ] (German: Landsmierz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisek within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Cisek 6 km (4 mi) south of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 650.
 Basrik (Persian: بصريك‎ also Romanized as Başrīk; also known as Bīsrak) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 25 families.
 Kul Shahu (Persian: کول‌شاهو‎ also Romanized as Kūl Shāhū) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Babljak (Serbian: Бабљак) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Kületek is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Nidoni is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bijapur taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Henek (Persian: هنك‎) is a village in Horjand Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 55 families.
 Hajj Qeshlaq (Persian: حاج قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Ḩājj Qeshlāq; also known as Hāj Ḩājī Qeshlāq Ḩājjī Qeshlāq and Hāz Qishlāq) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 35 families.
 Chebdzie [ˈxɛbd͡ʑɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Moskorzew 25 km (16 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 169.
 Jahan Khanamlu (Persian: جهان خانملو‎ also Romanized as Jahān Khānamlū; also known as Jahān Khānlū and Jehān Khānlū) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 62 families.
 Nowgak (Persian: نوگك‎ also Romanized as Naogak and Naugak; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Nowkak) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 535 in 111 families.
 Dezh Gah (Persian: دژگاه‎ also Romanized as Dezh Gāh; also known as Dozgāh) is a village in Dezh Gah Rural District Dehram District Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 70 families.
 Qul Ali (Persian: قول علي‎ also Romanized as Qūl ‘Alī and Qowl ‘Alī; also known as Gholali Gol‘alī Kulālu and Qol‘alī) is a village in Karasf Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 324 in 77 families.
 Ośno [ˈɔɕnɔ] (German: Oschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Kwidzyn and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 290.
 Caferli is a village in the District of Kuşadası Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 116 people.
 Cachiche is a community located just four kilometers from Ica Peru that is known for a preoccupation with witchcraft.
 Tuligłowy [tulʲiˈɡwɔvɨ] (Ukrainian: Тулиголови Tulyholovy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnystaw within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Qafmollë is a village in the municipality of Dajt in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Wierzbowa [vjɛʐˈbɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Wartkowice 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bhagwatgarh is a village in South-west of Sawai Madhopur District in Rajasthan. It is surrounded by continuous series of mountains from south-west and river Banas from North-west.Its population is 11000 (According to Census 2007). 85% of them are dependent on agriculture.
 Mazraeh-ye Allah Qoli (Persian: مزرعه اله قلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Allah Qolī) is a village in Balesh Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gornje Trudovo is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 139 people.
 Głodowo-Dąb [ɡwɔˈdɔvɔ ˈdɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Kołaki Kościelne 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Antolin [anˈtɔlʲin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 119 km (74 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 140.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 443 in 144 families.
 Suli Daraq (Persian: سولي درق‎ also Romanized as Sūlī Daraq) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 16 families.
 Saadatabad (Persian: سعادت اباد‎ also Romanized as Saʿādatābād) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2050 in 472 families.
 Divci is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 335 people.
 Malik Pur is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located to the north east the district capital Mansehra.
 Niekłań Mały [ˈɲekwaɲ ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stąporków 15 km (9 mi) east of Końskie and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 830.
 Kalsk [kalsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sulechów and 21 km (13 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 860.
 Wilkowo Małe [vilˈkɔvɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Barciany 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Siah Mazgi (Persian: سياهمزگي‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Mazgī) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1425 in 343 families.
 Qaleh Moni (Persian: قلعه منيع‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Monī) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Patak-e Bajgan (Persian: پاتک بجگان‎ also Romanized as Pātak-e Bajgān; also known as Pātak Pātak-e Shabkūh and Pātak-e Shokūh) is a village in Bajgan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2019 in 451 families.
 Stok [stɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Ulan-Majorat 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Shurcheh (Persian: شورچه‎ also Romanized as Shūrcheh; also known as Shoocheh) is a village in Nivan Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 46 families.
 Sarbinowo [sarbiˈnɔvɔ] (formerly German Sorenbohm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielno within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Koszalin and 130 km (81 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 558.
 Taşoluk is a village in the District of Sinanpaşa Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ramty [ˈramtɨ] (German Ramten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Reszel 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tolombeh-ye Rashkami (Persian: تلمبه رشكمي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rashkamī) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Icherrian is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located to the north east of Mansehra the district capital and lies in an area affected by the 2005 Kashmir earthquake.
 Konceptas is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 18 people.
 Lateh (Persian: لاته‎ also Romanized as Lāteh) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 28 families.
 Janjalabad (Persian: جنجال اباد‎ also Romanized as Janjālābād and Janjelābād) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 33 families.
 Buszów [ˈbuʂuf] (formerly German Büssow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Azizabad (Persian: عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 38 families.
 Arimpur is a small village located in Thrissur District of Kerala India. Thrissur is also known as the cultural capital of Kerala.[citation needed]
 Zoshk (Persian: زشك‎ also Romanized as Zoshg) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2171 in 535 families.
 Kuhu is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Twarogi Lackie [tfaˈrɔɡi ˈlat͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Perlejewo 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Elżbiecin [ɛlʐˈbʲɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Banholt (50°47′N 5°49′E) (Limburgish: Tebannet) is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg. It is part of the municipality of Eijsden-Margraten and lies about 10 km southeast of Maastricht.In 2001 Banholt had 582 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.13 km² and contained 224 residences.
 Cheshmeh-ye Sargdar (Persian: چشمه سرگدار‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Sargdār) is a village in Hotkan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Powodowo [pɔvɔˈdɔvɔ] (German Powuden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Rychliki 11 km (7 mi) south of Elbląg and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 200.
 Ponarlica [pɔnarˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 36 kilometres (22 mi) north of Sokółka and 72 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bakhtiar (Persian: بختيار‎ also Romanized as Bakhtīār and Bakhtyār) is a village in Tankaman Rural District Tankaman District Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3064 in 753 families.
 Stary Dębsk [ˈstarɨ ˈdɛmpsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Hasanabad-e Sar Kal (Persian: حسن ابادسركل‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Sar Kal; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 21 families.
 Jasionowa Dolina [jaɕɔˈnɔva dɔˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Janów 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kręgi [ˈkrɛnɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Somianka 9 km (6 mi) west of Wyszków and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 370.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād; also known as Kalāt-e Jadīd Kalāteh Jadīd Kalāteh Jadīn Kalāteh-ye Jadīd Kalāteh-ye Jadīn and Kalkastūn) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 12 families.
 Hachirud (Persian: هچيرود‎ also Romanized as Hachīrūd; also known as Hachrūd Hecherūd Hechrūd Hīch Rūd and Hijrood) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1750 in 476 families.
 Mazdakan-e Olya (Persian: مزدكان عليا‎ also Romanized as Mazdakān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Rąbity [rɔmˈbitɨ] (German Rombitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Chub Tashan (Persian: چوب تاشان‎ also Romanized as Chūb Tāshān) is a village in Razavar Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 38 families.
 Kunchha is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2454 people living in 503 individual households.
 Gniazdowice [ɡɲazdɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Proszowice and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Dobra [ˈdɔbra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Pilica 19 km (12 mi) east of Zawiercie and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Januszewo [januˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Januschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Susz 15 km (9 mi) north of Iława and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 300.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Karakuyu is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Baghcheleh (Persian: باغچله‎ also Romanized as Bāghcheleh) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 18 families.
 Zagórzyce [zaɡuˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Będzitowo [bɛnd͡ʑiˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Jowzdan Rural District in the Central District of Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jingadawa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2769 people living in 480 individual households.
 Ekkerøy (also: Store Ekkerøy or Northern Sami: Ihkkot) is one of the oldest fishing villages on the Varangerfjorden in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in Vadsø Municipality about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of the town of Vadsø which is the administrative centre of the municipality and the county. The village of Valen lies just north of Ekkerøy. Historically the population was Norwegian or Kven rather than Sami and the economy was based on fishing and farming.
 Zendan (Persian: زندان‎ also Romanized as Zendān) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Chakik (Persian: چكيك‎ also Romanized as Chaḵīḵ) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Nariman Kandi Hajji Havar (Persian: قشلاق نريمان كندي حاجي هاوار‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Narīmān Kandī Ḩājjī Hāvār) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Albu Nisi (Persian: البونيسي‎ also Romanized as Ālbū Nīsī) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 673 in 96 families.
 Mahtu (Persian: ماه تو‎ also Romanized as Māhtū) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 14 families.
 Shur Rud (Persian: شوررود‎ also Romanized as Shūr Rūd) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 840 in 203 families.
 Foshtanq (Persian: فشتنق‎ also Romanized as Foshtanaq; also known as Fashtān and Fashtaq) is a village in Bashtin Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 38 families.
 Pęchery [pɛ̃ˈxɛrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Piaseczno and 25 km (16 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bar Aftab-e Chah Dowpowk (Persian: برافتاب چاه دوپوك‎ also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Chāh Dowpowk) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 20 families.
 Sargul-e Namak (Persian: سرگول نمك‎ also Romanized as Sargūl-e Namaḵ) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 43 families.
 Astalak (Persian: اصطلك‎) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 55 families.
 Zagrody Dąbrowickie [zaˈɡrɔdɨ dɔmbrɔˈvit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Biłgoraj and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 52.
 Bahçekonak is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Ait Tamlil is a mountainous village and rural commune in Azilal Province of the Tadla-Azilal region of Morocco. It is located north by road from Toufghine. At the time of the 2004 census the commune had a total population of 18720 people living in 2453 households.
 Gob an Choire or Gob a' Choire (English name: Achill Sound) formerly anglicised as Gubacurra is a Gaeltacht village in County Mayo Ireland. It lies on the east coast of Achill Island and is the first settlement one reaches after crossing the Michael Davitt Bridge a swing bridge that joins Achill Island to Corraun Peninsula on the mainland.Achill Sound is also the name of the waterway separating Achill Island from the Irish mainland.
 Taşoluk is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the mountainous area to the west of Gülnar. The distance to Gülnar is 24 kilometres (15 mi) and to Mersin is 184 kilometres (114 mi) . The population of Taşoluk was 161 as of 2012.
 Smroków [ˈsmrɔkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Słomniki and 26 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 282.
 Nagupalli is a village in Dammapeta mandal which in Khammam district which is in Andhra Pradesh state.There is a yahoo group called Nagupalli for the ZPS School Nagupalli. Population of Nagupalli is approximately 7000. Main livelihood for the people is farming. There are quite a few post graduates from this Village. People are well behaved and share the social responsibility.For more details please visit the sathupally web site http://www.sathupally.in
 Deh-e Karam (Persian: ده كرم‎) is a village in Eresk Rural District Eresk District Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qumya (Arabic: قوميه‎) was a Palestinian village of 510 inhabitants when it was depopulated prior to the 1948 Arab-Israeli war.Located 12.5 kilometers north of Baysan the village was assaulted by the forces of the Golani Brigade on 26 March 1948 during Operation Gideon on the orders of Yosef Weitz a representative of the Jewish National Fund (JNF). Its inhabitants fled in fear of being caught in the fighting.
 Sipe Estonia is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Koorali is a place situated at Kottayam district of Kerala. Panamattom Elamgulam Thampalakad and Ponkunnam are the nearest places of Koorali.
 Jarče Polje is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 Jedlno Drugie [ˈjɛdlnɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Ładzice 15 km (9 mi) west of Radomsko and 81 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ash Mahalleh (Persian: آش محله‎ also Romanized as Āsh Maḩalleh) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 11 families.
 Seyfabad (Persian: سيف اباد‎ also Romanized as Seyfābād; also known as Shahrak-e Qods and Shahrak-e Qodūs) is a village in Choghamish Rural District Choghamish District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 94 families.
 Zafarabad (Persian: ظفر اباد‎ also Romanized as Z̧afarābād; also known as Sardārābād) is a village in Takmaran Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 790 in 173 families.
 Niekazanice ([ɲɛkazaˈnit͡sɛ]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in southwest Poland near the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Branice 18 km (11 mi) south of Głubczyce and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Yeğenli is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 715 people.
 Enayatiyeh (Persian: عنايتيه‎ also Romanized as ‘Enāyatīyeh) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 8 families.
 Karalam is a small village in Trichur district in Kerala state of India known for its scenic beauty. It is located 8 km from Irinjalakuda and 18 km from Trichur.
 Damice [daˈmit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Iwanowice and 16 km (10 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Włodzimierka [vwɔd͡ʑiˈmjɛrka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Osięciny 15 km (9 mi) east of Radziejów and 40 km (25 mi) south of Toruń.
 Galu Darreh (Persian: گلودره‎ also Romanized as Galū Darreh) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 36 families.
 Gheynarjeh (Persian: غينرجه‎; also known as Qinerja) is a village in Khondab Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 801 in 199 families.
 Vadavannur is a village and gram panchayat in the Palakkad District of Kerala India.
 Yekkeh Chenar (Persian: يكه چنار‎ also Romanized as Yekkeh Chenār) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 68 families.
 Volytsia-Pol’ova (Ukrainian: Волиця-Польова) is a village and village council (silska rada) in the Teofipol Raion of Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine. Its population was 830 as of the 2001 Ukrainian census.
 Shahrak-e Alam ol Hoda (Persian: شهرك علم الهدي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e ‘Alam ol Hodá) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3108 in 555 families.
 Aq Cheshmeh (Persian: اق چشمه‎ also Romanized as Āq Cheshmeh; also known as Āqā Cheshmeh) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Mashhad-e Morghab District Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 21 families.
 Donja Vinča (Serbian: Доња Винча) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Firuzian (Persian: فيروزيان‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzīān; also known as Farīzbān and Ferīzīān) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 77 families.
 Fabianów [faˈbjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Skalmierzyce 16 km (10 mi) east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 650.
 Kraszewo-Czarne [kraˈʂɛvɔ ˈt͡ʂarnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Boguty-Pianki 34 km (21 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 114 km (71 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Miłoszewiec [miwɔˈʂɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kamienica [kamjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Shahrak-e Ghadir (Persian: شهرك غدير‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ghadīr) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1016 in 210 families.
 Horgan (Persian: هرگان‎ also Romanized as Horgān and Hargān; also known as Hārgūn Herkān and Horgun) is a village in Horgan Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 25 families.
 Gorczenica [ɡɔrt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Brodnica and 54 km (34 mi) east of Toruń.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين آباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād; also known as Amīnābād-e Rashtkhvār) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 80 families.
 Huszcza Druga [ˈxuʂt͡ʂa ˈdruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Łomazy 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tamajor is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2140 people living in 339 individual households.
 Šurlenci (Macedonian: Шурленци) is a village on the northeastern shore of Lake Prespa in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia east of Galičica. It is located roughly 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen.
 Petrykozy [pɛtrɨˈkɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Bożepole Wielkie [bɔʐɛˈpɔlɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Boschpol csb. Wiôldżé Bòżé Pòlé) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Łęczyce 19 km (12 mi) west of Wejherowo and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2089.
 Starczewo [starˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dobiegniew 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 80.
 Gąsiory [ɡɔ̃ˈɕɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Strumiany [struˈmjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Borek Wielkopolski 14 km (9 mi) east of Gostyń and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tõlliste is a village in Tõlliste Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 105 (as of 1 January 2010).[citation needed]
 Zapolice [zapɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Trzebiatów 19 km (12 mi) north of Gryfice and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 81.
 Amirabad (Persian: امير آباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād; also known as Amīrāwa) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 37 families.
 Półwiosek Nowy [puu̯ˈvjɔsɛk ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ślesin 16 km (10 mi) north of Konin and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 66.
 Chrząszczew [ˈxʂɔ̃ʂt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Biała Rawska 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 340.
 Batuša (Cyrillic: Батуша) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jančići is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 204 people.
 Bargłów Dworny [ˈbarɡwuf ˈdvɔrnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Bargłów Kościelny 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Augustów and 77 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Patak-e Arab (Persian: پتك اعراب‎ also Romanized as Patak-e A‘rāb) is a village in Nahr-e Anbar Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 636 in 96 families.
 Zadeklino [zadɛˈklinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozielice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Wybudowanie Wielbrandowskie [vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ vjɛlbranˈdɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórcz within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Skórcz 18 km (11 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Janczewo Wielkie [janˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 52 families.
 Bukovica is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cheekalaparvi also spelled as Chikalparvi (Kannada: ಚೀಕಲಪರ್ವಿ ) is a village in the Manvi taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Cheekalaparvi is the birthplace of Sri Vijaya Dasaru. Cheekalaparvi is located on the banks of tungabhadra river. Cheekalaparvi is lpcated south to the Manvi town.
 Hajji Pirlu (Persian: حاجي پيرلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Pīrlū; also known as Ḩājjī Panīrlū) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 38 families.
 Satyun (सात्यूं ) (Satyu) is a village of Taranagar tehsil in Churu district in Rajasthan India.
 Kituldora is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kétújfalu is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Sidell is a village in Sidell Township Vermilion County Illinois United States. It is part of the Danville Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 626 at the 2000 census.
 Kowslar (Persian: كوسلر‎ also Romanized as Kows̄lar and Kūs̄lar) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District Gomishan District Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 45 families.
 Miłowice [mʲiwɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Biała Prudnicka 9 km (6 mi) north of Prudnik and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Garmianak (Persian: گرميانك‎ also Romanized as Garmīānak and Garmeyānak; also known as Garmīāneh Qal‘a Garmianeh and Qal‘eh Garmiānek) is a village in Shizar Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 69 families.
 Yıldırımçatak is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Łukomie [wuˈkɔmjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sierpc and 116 km (72 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Prilike is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1395 people.
 Rannaküla Muhu Parish is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Mctaggart is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 Maraveneh-ye Seh (Persian: مراونه سه‎ also Romanized as Marāvaneh-ye Seh; also known as Al Marā‘ūneh Almarāveneh-ye Yek Almarāvīyeh Almarāyeneh Marā‘ūneh and Marāveneh) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 28 families.
 Łąsko Wielkie [ˈwɔ̃skɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Lenzhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Koronowo and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 420.
 Ilan Qarah-ye Olya (Persian: ايلان قره عليا‎ also Romanized as Īlān Qarah-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Īlān Qarah and Īlānqarah-ye Bālā) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 11 families.
 Bidarbhavi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Niesłuchy [ɲeˈswuxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 78.
 Mrowiny [mrɔˈvinɨ] (German: Konradswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Żarów 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Świdnica and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Aznavleh (Persian: ازناوله‎ also Romanized as Aznāvleh and Aznāvaleh; also known as Aznarāleh and Aznazāleh) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 640 in 125 families.
 Gerash (Persian: گراش‎ also Romanized as Gerāsh) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 13 families.
 Jamalabad (Persian: جمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jamālābād and Jemālābād) is a village in Alan Baraghush Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 411 in 115 families.
 Hauerseter is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Zaruki (Persian: زاروكي‎ also Romanized as Zārūkī) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 45 families.
 Chojnowo [xɔi̯ˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Szczuczyn 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Talakiriyawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Peetrimõisa is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 199 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Glewiec [ˈɡlɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Proszowice and 23 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 260.
 Zieleniec [ʑɛˈlɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasień within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Jasień 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Żary and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Çiftlikköy is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Krzypnica [kʂɨpˈnit͡sa] (formerly German Kranzfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Gryfino and 27 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jaikheda is a village in Indian state of Maharashtra. It is situated in Baglan Taluka in Nashik district. It is located on the right (south) bank of the Mosam River. The population is about 8000.
 Batkovići (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sazeman-e Enqelab (Persian: سازمان انقلاب‎ also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Enqelāb and Sāzmān-e Enqelāb; also known as Ja‘farbāy) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1306 in 238 families.
 Qaleh-ye Arjanavand (Persian: قلعه ارجناوند‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Arjanāvand and Qal‘eh-ye Arjenāvand; also known as Ghal‘eh Arjanavand and Qal‘eh Arjawand) is a village in Saruq Rural District Saruq District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 99 families.
 Nes is a former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is also a village in the present-day municipality of Bjugn. Nes is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the Tarva islands and about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of Botngård. The village of Nes is home to the Nes church.
 Dashtruan (Persian: دشتروان‎ also Romanized as Dashtrūān) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Narthamalai	(Tamil: நார்தமலை	) is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Konidela is a Major Gramapanchayat (village) in the Kurnool district (Nandikotkur mandal) Andhra Pradesh India.It is 8 km from Nandikotkur and 35 km from kurnool. This village is well developed and prime living of this village people is farming. KC canal provides the water supply for the farming. All the roads in the village are CC roads. Every year during march thirunala will be celebrated at Oldest famous Bramaramba Mallikarjuna swamy temple.
 Równica [ruvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zbiczno 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Brodnica and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 20.
 Marrum is a small village in Ferwerderadiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 1250 citizens as of 2004.
 Qaleh Sorkheh (Persian: قلعه سرخه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sorkheh) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 29 families.
 Oud-Maarsseveen is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Stichtse Vecht and lies about 7 km north of Utrecht.The statistical area Oud-Maarsseveen which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 270.
 Oudemirdum (West Frisian: Aldemardum) is a small village in Gaasterlân-Sleat in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 1330 citizens (2007).
 Buszyce [buˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Baranów 14 km (9 mi) west of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 40 km (25 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Masha-ye 3 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 3گزاباد‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 3 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gullverket is a village in Eidsvoll municipality Akershus county Norway. The buildings are a mix of small farms newer houses and vacation properties. The name OF the hamlet resulted from the operation of gold mines here from 1758 and until 1907 with several interruptions in between.In 1750 Ole Knudsen Viborg found a small gold nugget in this area. Eight years later the Brustad mines were operating in Northern Holsjøen.
 Yağda is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°44′N 34°03′E it is situated in the peneplane area of Toros Mountains. Distance to Erdemli is 47 kilometres (29 mi) and to Mersin is 83 kilometres (52 mi). The population of Yağda was 356 as of 2011. The cetrus forests around the village provide kindling and the village is named after kindling oil (Yağ means oil). Main economic activity is farming and a variety of fruits and vegetables are produced.
 Qarah Gozlu (Persian: قره گزلو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Gozlū; also known as Qaraguzlu Qareh Gowzlū Shamsābād-e Qareh Gozlū and Shamsābād-e Qoroq) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 83 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Seh Mohammad Khan (Persian: تلمبه سه محمدخان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Seh Moḩammad Khān; also known as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Khān) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Różyny [ruˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Pszczółki 8 km (5 mi) south of Pruszcz Gdański and 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1083.
 Kuzawka [kuˈzafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hanna within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north of Włodawa and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 380.
 Kliczków [ˈklit͡ʂkuf] (German: Klitschdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiecznica within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 km (1 mi) north-east of Osiecznica 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Bolesławiec and 115 km (71 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 350.Kliczków is the location of a castle [1] dating from 1297.
 Józefów Duży [juˈzɛfuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Skarszewo [skarˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Wicko 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Lębork and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 110.
 Badarah-ye Sofla (Persian: بادره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bādarah-ye Soflá; also known as Bādarah) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Darvish Kola (Persian: درويش كلا‎ also Romanized as Darvīsh Kolā) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 9 families.
 Deir al-Asafir (Arabic: دير العصافير‎; also spelled Dayr al-Assafir or Dair al-Asafir) is a village in southern Syria administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate located 12 kilometers southeast of Damascus. It is situated in a heavily farmed area in the Ghouta region. Nearby localities include Babbila to the west al-Maliha to the northwest Zabdin to the north Shabaa to the southwest.
 Qarah Kalak (Persian: قره كلك‎) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 466 in 92 families.
 Krasne [ˈkrasnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.
 Rusociny [rusɔˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Grabica 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sher Sher (Persian: شرشر‎ also Romanized as Shar Shar) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Kamienna-Wieś [kaˈmjɛnna ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Błaszki 27 km (17 mi) west of Sieradz and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hırka is a village in the District of Başmakçı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey. According to the 2010 census it had a population of 203 people.
 Bukowa Góra [buˈkɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sulęczyno 28 km (17 mi) west of Kartuzy and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 109.
 Sowno [ˈsɔvnɔ] (German Hinzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Stargard Szczeciński and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 463.
 Sartang-e Faleh (Persian: سرتنگ فالح‎ also Romanized as Sartang-e Fāleḩ) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 49 families.
 Aratlakatta is a village near Kakinada in East Godavari District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Changureh (Persian: چنگوره‎ also Romanized as Changūreh Changoreh Changurah and Changurakh) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 24 families.
 Manari is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4630 people living in 647 individual households.Manari is located 5 K.M east from the district headquarters and 5 K.M south from the east west highway Mahendra Rajmarg. It is situated to south from Tilakpur v.d.c similarly Jahada sarawal and devgaun and Ramgram Municipality are close to east south and west.
 Ciesznów [ˈt͡ɕeʂnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Głogówek 25 km (16 mi) east of Prudnik and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nanhannwe is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Seyf Taleh (Persian: سيف طاله‎ also Romanized as Seyf Ţāleh; also known as Sefatāleh) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 33 families.
 Güzelyurt Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Rzemiędzice [ʐɛmjɛnˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słaboszów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-west of Słaboszów 17 km (11 mi) east of Miechów and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 220.
 Singampatti is traditionally recognized as one of the 72 palaiyams of South Tamil Nadu (MaduraiTirunelveliThoothukudi and Kanyakumari). This Maravar palaiyam headed 24 of 72 palaiyams was located in the Ambasamudram taluk two miles from the spurs of the Western Ghats in the former Tirunelveli province of the Nayak kingdom of Madurai.
 Lajani (Persian: لاجاني‎ also Romanized as Lājānī) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 47 families.
 Dziekanów Polski [d͡ʑeˈkanuf ˈpɔlski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łomianki 17 km (11 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Peda-vegi is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.It is 12 km from the city of Eluru the headquarters of West Godavari Dist. Pedavegi also serves as the Mandal headquarters of Pedavegi Mandal.
 Darreh Seydi (Persian: دره صيدي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Şeydī and Darreh Şeyydī) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 131 families.
 Indaragi also spelled as Indargi (Kannada: ಇಂದರಗಿ ) is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.Indaragi is 15 km from Koppal.
 Derk (Persian: درك‎) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 15 families.
 Haji Baqer Kandi (Persian: حاجي باقركندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājī Bāqer Kandī) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 26 families.
 Gornja Raštelica is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mazraeh-ye Hasan Shakhesi (Persian: مزرعه حسن شخصي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩasan Shakheşī; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Petti Mohammad Jadgal (Persian: پتي محمد جدگال‎ also Romanized as Pettī Moḩammad Jadgāl) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Khaneqah Juju (Persian: خانقاه جوجو‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh Jūjū Khānaqāh-e Jūju Khāneqāh-e Jūjū; also known as Khāngeh and Khanjeh) is a village in Negel Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 23 families.
 Farhadan (Persian: فرهادان‎ also Romanized as Farhādān and Farhādīān) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 30 families.
 Lar (Persian: لار‎ also Romanized as Lār) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 57 families.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād; also known as Karīmābād-e Barneshāndeh) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 15 families.
 Przerwanki [pʂɛrˈvanki] (German: Przerwanken in the twentieth century also Wiesental; earlier names Muscowiter Spizenort Spitzing Spitzingen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Kaleh Kaleh Olya (Persian: كله كله عليا‎ also Romanized as Kaleh Kaleh ʿOlyā) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 25 families.
 Çulpara is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Jodaqiyeh (Persian: جداقيه‎ also Romanized as Jodāqīyeh; also known as Dzhudakir Jedāqayā Jedā Qayeh Jodaghiya and Judaqīr) is a village in Sain Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 560 in 151 families.
 Gunji is a village in Pithoragarh district in the northern state of Uttarakhand India. It is near the borders of Tibet and Nepal and the confluence of the Kuthi River and Kali River at the east end of the Kuthi Valley.
 Janov (Rychnov nad Kněžnou District) is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Cheshmeh-ye Gholamali (Persian: چشمه غلامعلي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Gholām‘alī) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 401 in 101 families.
 Saıağaç is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Toros Mountains 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Anamur. The population of Sarıağaç is 191 as of 2011.It is planned that a part of the village (along with Akine Çaltıbükü and Ormancık) will be submerged in Alaköprü Dam reservoir.
 Hiq (Persian: حيق‎ also Romanized as Ḩīq) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1237 in 287 families.
 Podole [pɔˈdɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 13 km (8 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tang-e Rudian (Persian: تنگ روديان‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Rūdīān) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 6 families.
 Mayel Kandi (Persian: مايل كندي‎ also Romanized as Māyel Kandī; also known as Qarajah Yūlī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krasne Folwarczne [ˈkrasnɛ fɔlˈvart͡ʂnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Jasionówka 21 km (13 mi) east of Mońki and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mala Draguša is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 157 people.
 Parczowce [parˈt͡ʂɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kuźnica 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Sokółka and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Soleymaniyeh (Persian: سليمانيه‎ also Romanized as Soleymānīyeh; also known as Soleymānī) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 681 in 174 families.
 Daravay Diyu (Persian: درواي ديو‎ also Romanized as Daravāy Dīyū; also known as Darāvandī) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 28 families.
 Jondab (Persian: جنداب‎ also Romanized as Jondāb and Jandāb; also known as Khandāb and Khund Āb) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1261 in 366 families.
 Büğüş is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 This article is about the Nepalese village. For the Red International of Labor Unions see Profintern.Rilu is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3153 and had 582 houses in the village.
 Lavar (Persian: لاور‎ also Romanized as Lāvar Shikh) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 115 families.
 Falbogi Borowe [falˈbɔɡi bɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Basut-e Hajji Hasan (Persian: بسوت حاجي حسن‎ also Romanized as Basūt-e Ḩājjī Ḩasan; also known as Basūt and Basūt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 806 in 151 families.
 Mianrud (Persian: ميانرود‎ also Romanized as Mīānrūd) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 24 families.
 Mam Seyf ol Din (Persian: مام سيف الدين‎ also Romanized as Mam Seyf ol Dīn Mam Seyf od Dīn and Mām Sefod Dīn; also known as Mamsevedar Mamsevedor and Mamsūh Dār) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 22 families.
 Paiküla is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kodasoo is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Naranpanawe Dembatagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qanat Kuchek-e Olya (Persian: قنات كوچكعليا‎ also Romanized as Qanāt Kūcheḵ-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Eyn ol Baqar (Persian: عين البقر‎ also Romanized as ‘Eyn ol Baqar; also known as Ainubagal ‘Ain ul Baghal ‘Eyn ol Baghal and ‘Eyn ol Baghl) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 31 families.
 Lubomyśle [lubɔˈmɨɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Ślesin 17 km (11 mi) north of Konin and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tang Ab (Persian: تنگ اب‎ also Romanized as Tang Āb) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 60 families.
 Bakhti-ye Bala (Persian: بختي بالا‎ also Romanized as Bakhtī-ye Bālā; also known as Dar Moḩammad Bakhtī and Qanāt-e Seyyed Moḩammad) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 17 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Nayiniha (Persian: محمدابادنائيني ها‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Nāyīnīhā; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sylte is a village along the Frænfjorden in Fræna Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located at the mouth of the river Sylteelva about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of the village of Malme and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) southeast of the municipal center of Elnesvågen. The 0.31-square-kilometre (77-acre) village has a population (2012) of 334 which gives the village a population density of 1077 inhabitants per square kilometre (2790 /sq mi).
 Deh-e Now (Persian: دهنو‎ also Romanized as Deh Nau and Dehnow) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 27 families.
 Zahmani (Persian: زحماني‎ also Romanized as Zaḩmānī; also known as Zamāni) is a village in Horr Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 45 families.
 Dashti Leyl-e Hoseynabad (Persian: دشتي ليل حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Dashtī Leyl-e Ḩoseynābād; also known as Dasht-e Leyl) is a village in Zamkan Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 30 families.
 Boneh-ye Ba Damuiyeh (Persian: بنه باداموئيه‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Bā Dāmū’īyeh) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 11 families.
 Zanglan (Persian: زنگلان‎ also Romanized as Zanglān) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 54 families.
 Sława [ˈswava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Świdwin and 97 km (60 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Niezabitów [ɲezaˈbituf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Poniatowa 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Čande (Serbian: Чанде) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deh Tall (Persian: ده تل‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Tall and Deh Tal) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1425 in 293 families.
 Joam is a small town located in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. The town is a part of the primarily rural and agricultural city of Hwaseong. Joam is also the urban center of Ujeong-eup the population of which is approximately 18000 and which encompasses both Joam and much of the surrounding countryside.
 Badamestan-e Bala (Persian: بادامستان بالا‎ also Romanized as Bādāmestān-e Bālā; also known as Bādāmestān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 33 families.
 Kaft Hacheh (Persian: كفت هچه‎) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Balk is a town in the northern Netherlands. It is the main village of the municipality Gaasterlân-Sleat Friesland and is located about 17 km southwest of Sneek.In 2010 Balk had 3780 inhabitants.
 Dowband-e Cheshmeh Puti (Persian: دوبندچشمه پوتي‎ also Romanized as Dowband-e Cheshmeh Pūtī; also known as Dowband) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 13 families.
 Chenar Barm-e Olya (Persian: چناربرم عليا‎ also Romanized as Chenār Barm-e ‘Olyā and Chenār Barm ‘Olyā; also known as Chenār Baram-e Bālā Chenār Barm-e Bālā and Chenār Bon-e Bālā) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 157 families.
 Eravu is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Zangabad (Persian: زنگ اباد‎ also Romanized as Zangābād; also known as Zangīābād and Zengiabad) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 73 families.
 Kalateh-ye Tut (Persian: كلاته توت‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Tūt; also known as Tūt) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 23 families.
 Mitino is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Rudinje is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 217 people.
 Kamenica is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Tappeh Yazdan (Persian: تپه يزدان‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Yazdān) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 27 families.
 Hajj Mariyeh (Persian: حاج مريح‎ also Romanized as Ḩājj Marīyeḥ) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 30 families.
 Czarnocin [t͡ʂarˈnɔt͡ɕin] is a village in Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czarnocin. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kazimierza Wielka and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 470.
 Thiensville is a village in Ozaukee County Wisconsin United States. The population was 3235 at the 2010 census. It was founded by its namesake John Henry Thien.In July 2005 CNNMoney.com ranked Thiensville and neighboring Mequon 19th on its list of the 100 Best Places to Live in the United States.[citation needed]
 Łęg [wɛnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nędza within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nędza 6 km (4 mi) north of Racibórz and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 451.
 Glogovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Глоговац [ɡlǒɡoʋats]) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bogatić municipality in the Mačva District. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 967 people (2002 census).
 Conesville is a village in Coshocton County Ohio United States along the Muskingum River. The population was 347 at the 2010 census.
 Dowlin (Persian: دولين‎ also Romanized as Dowlīn; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Dowlīn) is a village in Hombarat Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahrak-e Sayeban (Persian: شهرك سايبان‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sāyebān; also known as Sāyebān) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 39 families.
 Pipra Nepal is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6429 people living in 1143 individual households.
 Shuruyeh (Persian: شورويه‎ also Romanized as Shūrūyeh; also known as Shooroo and Shūrū) is a village in Chahak Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kumaramputhur is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It is administered along with some other villages by the Kumaramputhur gram panchayat.
 Tale (Persian: طالع‎ also Romanized as Ţāle‘) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 31 families.
 Fasty [ˈfastɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 10 km (6 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1000.
 Mala Daljegošta (Serbian: Мала Даљегошта) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lasotki [laˈsɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rydzyna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Izabela [izaˈbɛla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Murdi (Persian: موردي‎ also Romanized as Mūrdī; also known as Mūrd) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 19 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Belomajite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Avak-e Pain (Persian: اوك پائين‎ also Romanized as Āvak-e Pā’īn; also known as Avak) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 10 families.
 Ciuciuleni is a commune in Hînceşti district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Ciuciuleni.
 Boğazköy is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Mnichovice is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Lamba (from Old Norse Lamb-hagi meaning lamb outfield) is a small village in the bottom of the inlet Lambavík on the East coast of Eysturoy Faroe Islands. There are similarly named places Lamba in Shetland and Lambay in Ireland.
 Hallum is a small village in the province of Friesland the Netherlands. It is part of the municipality of Ferwerderadiel. The primary language spoken there is Frisian. Hallum is also a relatively uncommon family name. There was a station on the North Friesland Railway which opened in 1901 and closed in 1935 although it reopened between May 1940 and July 1942. A restored windmill used to stand near the village.
 Amidi-ye Kohneh (Persian: عميدئ كهنه‎ also Romanized as ‘Amīdī-ye Kohneh; also known as ‘Amīdī and ‘Amdī-ye Kohneh) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 646 in 158 families.
 Khanimeh-ye Pain (Persian: خنيمه پائين‎ also Romanized as Khanīmeh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Khanīmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 33 families.
 Garnowo Duże [ɡarˈnɔvɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Ciechanów and 63 km (39 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 240.
 Esenyayla Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Kodžaga Polje is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mojęcice [mɔjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wołów and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1141.
 Mączewo [mɔnˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Strzegowo 29 km (18 mi) south of Mława and 89 km (55 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Czernice Borowe [t͡ʂɛrˈnit͡sɛ bɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czernice Borowe. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Przasnysz and 93 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 480.
 Cheshmeh-ye Sefid (Persian: چشمه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Sefīd and Cheshmehsefīd) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bogusze [bɔˈɡuʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Prostki 17 km (11 mi) south of Ełk and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 336.
 Polesie Mikułowskie [pɔˈlɛɕɛ mikuˈwɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ożarów 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Opatów and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 40.
 Zawady B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gornja Toponica is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 60 people.It the site of a mental institution that houses about 1000 patients.
 Mazraeh-ye Emam Qoli Azhaderi (Persian: مزرعه امام قلي اژدري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Emām Qolī Āzhaderī) is a village in Gel Berenji Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Menukin (Persian: منوكين‎ also Romanized as Menūkīn; also known as Manūkī Nanook Nānu and Nanūk) is a village in Rabor Rural District in the Central District of Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 10 families.
 Šuman Topla is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 77 people.
 Pawłówko [paˈvwufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Czernice Borowe 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 100 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Charnowo [xarˈnɔvɔ] (German Arnshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Ustka 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 113 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 280.
 Tsernaoua is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Chruściele [xruɕˈt͡ɕɛlɛ] (German: Chroscziellen (1938-45:Kreuzfeld)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Ełk and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lipie [ˈlipjɛ] (formerly German Arnhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rąbino 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Świdwin and 101 km (63 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Cieśle [ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Buk and 21 km (13 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Saki [ˈsaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pawłowice [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Mogielnica 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Grójec and 62 km (39 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kazimierzewo [kaʑimjɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wierzbinek 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Konin and 116 km (72 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Mrazovci (Serbian: Мразовци) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karapınar is a village in the District of Sultandağı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 30 families.
 Podbiel [ˈpɔdbjɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Celestynów within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Celestynów 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Otwock and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Siah Marz-e Gavabar (Persian: سياه مرزگوابر‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Marz-e Gavābar) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 24 families.
 Zaghdar (Persian: زاغدار‎ also Romanized as Zāghdār) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 12 families.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Kermajan Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 39 families.
 Ulejno [uˈlɛi̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 90.
 Czarlin [ˈt͡ʂarlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tczew and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 806.
 Qeshlaq-e Sufi Mahmud (Persian: قشلاق صوفي محمود‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Şūfī Maḩmūd) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wichów [ˈvixuf] (formerly German Weichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Brzeźnica 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Żagań and 24 km (15 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 510.
 Nesa-e Olya (Persian: نساعليا‎ also Romanized as Nesā’-e ‘Olyā; also known as Nesā’-e Bālā and Nesā’) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 84 families.
 Colonia Anguinán is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Barandud (Persian: براندود‎ also Romanized as Barandūd) is a village in Qohestan Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 80 families.
 Stopanja is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1325 people.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Sarjam Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bandar (Persian: بندر‎ also Romanized as Bondar) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 43 families.
 Wólka Ołudzka [ˈvulka ɔˈwut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Szczekociny 27 km (17 mi) east of Zawiercie and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Karandamaditta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Krzczonów [ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Drzewica 10 km (6 mi) east of Opoczno and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 578.
 Rigabad (Persian: ريگ اباد‎ also Romanized as Rīgābād) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 36 families.
 Wólka Łubkowska [ˈvulka wupˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Poniatowa 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kahn-e Bala (Persian: كهن بالا‎ also Romanized as Kahn-e Bālā; also known as Kahn-e Bālā’ī Kahn-e Barānī and Kohan-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 651 in 146 families.
 Gradina (Serbian: Градина) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Boelenslaan (West Frisian: Boelensloane) is a small town in Achtkarspelen municipality in Friesland province in the northern Netherlands.Boelenslaan has 1186 inhabitants and is named from its founder Mr. Boelens after whom it was named. Laan - avenue; the road through the village used to be a sandy road and is still bearing the name Boelenswei (wei being the West Frisian word for road.
 Ciemno [ˈt͡ɕemnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kamionka 12 km (7 mi) west of Lubartów and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Goleszczyzna [ɡɔlɛʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brudzew 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Turek and 119 km (74 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Estación Tacañitas is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Vazveh (Persian: وزوه‎) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 29 families.
 Gürçam Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Jalapadevi is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2376 living in 509 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 2637 of which 49% was literate.
 Shizar (Persian: شيزر‎ also Romanized as Shīzar; also known as Shazar and Shizar Afshariyeh) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District Ziaabad District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 70 families.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 74.
 Dzietrzniki [d͡ʑetʂˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pątnów within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Pątnów 13 km (8 mi) south of Wieluń and 95 km (59 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1064.
 Gavog (Persian: گوگ‎; also known as Gavok) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 10 families.
 Osiek [ˈɔɕek]; Kashubian: Òsek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Linia 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 45 km (28 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kęszyca Leśna [kɛ̃ˈʂɨt͡sa ˈlɛɕna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Międzyrzecz 5 km (3 mi) west of Nietoperek just west of Kęszyca close to the Krzewie Lake. It was a location of the Soviet military garrison which left in 1993 and since 1994 it is an independent populated place.
 Degam is a village in Valsad District in the state of Gujarat India. The population is around 3000.The nearest city is Valsad and the nearest town is Billimora. Some of the divisions within Degam are named:Kumbharfalia — where traditionally the carpenters came from.Navafalia — the newest area of the villageParsifailia — mostly made up of Parsi peopleMasidfalia — mostly made up of Gujarati Muslim peopleThere is one small temple in the village along with a few shops.
 Plácido Rosas is a village or populated centre in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay.
 Niazabad (Persian: نيازاباد‎ also Romanized as Nīāzābād and Neyāzābād; also known as Nīāz) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 29 families.
 Świdry [ˈɕfʲidrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 310.
 Bagheh-ye Shur Tappeh Nafas (Persian: باغه شورتپه نفس‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Shūr Tappeh Nafas; also known as Bāgh-e Shūr Tappeh) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 597 in 113 families.
 Kostrzyna [kɔsˈtʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przystajń within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Przystajń 18 km (11 mi) west of Kłobuck and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 301.
 Ragsha (Persian: رگشا‎ also Romanized as Ragshā; also known as Rakshā Rekshā Rokshā and Rūkshah) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 36 families.
 Nankhel is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4520 with 767 houses in it.
 Sangbari-ye Firuzeh Noma (Persian: سنگبري فيروزه نما‎ also Romanized as Sangbarī-ye Fīrūzeh Nomā) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Thariyode is a village in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Windyki [vinˈdɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ayyallur is a village located in Mattanur Municipality in the Indian state of Kerala. It is located around 4 km east of Mattanur townAyyallur lies between Mattanur and Malur and is bordered by Pazhassi Edavelikkal Kolari and Sivapuram.
 Kızılca is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Asfaranjan (Persian: اسفرنجان‎ also Romanized as Asfaranjān; also known as Asfarjān) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 16 families.
 Barnimie [barˈnimjɛ] (German: Fürstenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Drawno 27 km (17 mi) east of Choszczno and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 310.
 Merdani is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Manjeq Tappeh (Persian: منجق تپه‎; also known as Mīnjeq Tappeh) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 14 families.
 Shahrud Kola (Persian: شهرودكلا‎ also Romanized as Shahrūd Kolā) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 959 in 248 families.
 Bansed is a village in Nagaur District of Rajasthan.
 Maravići (Serbian: Маравићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Dětřichov nad Bystřicí (German: Dittersdorf) is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Chah-e Khalil Borati (Persian: چاه خليل براتي ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Khalīl Borātī; also known as Chāh-e Ḩājj Mīrzā Ḩasan) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Moldova is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Polichno [pɔˈlixnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Chęciny and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 800.
 An Châu is a commune (xã) and village in Sơn Động District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Rosselló is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia Spain. It is in the comarca (county) of Segrià.
 Stypin [ˈstɨpin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Babiak 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Koło and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pawlikowice [pavlikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pabianice and 21 km (13 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 500.
 Zawada Górna [zaˈvada ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Aghcheh Gonbad (Persian: آغچه گنبد‎ also Romanized as Āghcheh Gonbad; also known as Āghjeh Gonbad and Āghjeh Kand) is a village in Gorgin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 31 families.
 Borzyszkowo [bɔʐɨʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Więcbork 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has an approximate population of 170.
 Kurmiškė (Varėna) is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 10 people.
 Hasht Bandi-ye Do (Persian: هشت بندي دو‎ also Romanized as Hasht Bandī-ye Do) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District Tukahur District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1876 in 396 families.
 Kehdolan (Persian: كهدلان‎ also Romanized as Kehdolān) is a village in Sharabian Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 397 in 63 families.
 Saraçköy Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dąbie [ˈdɔmbʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Psary 9 km (6 mi) north of Będzin and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 524.
 Zanjireh-ye Sofla (Persian: زنجيره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zanjīreh-ye Soflá; also known as Zanjīreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 98 families.
 Bardastemal (Persian: بردستمال‎ also Romanized as Bardastemāl) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Bhogateni is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4182 people living in 708 individual households.
 Kowalki [kɔˈvalki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Buszkówek [buʂˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Żychlin 21 km (13 mi) east of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dulcza Mała [ˈdult͡ʂa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl Wielki within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Radomyśl Wielki 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Mielec and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 20 families.
 Bodaczów [bɔˈdat͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szczebrzeszyn 15 km (9 mi) west of Zamość and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 2300.
 Darah Serah Bavineh (Persian: دارسره باوينه‎ also Romanized as Dārah Serah Bāvīneh; also known as Dārah Serah) is a village in Darb-e Gonbad Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 29 families.
 Pam Pabanzin (Persian: پم پبنزين‎ also Romanized as Pam Pabanzīn) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tadikonda is a village a mandal and an assembly constituency in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. The constituency includes the village of Mothadaka.
 Borzątew [bɔˈʐɔntɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Mieleszyn 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Gniezno and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nanva Kola (Persian: نانواكلا‎ also Romanized as Nānvā Kolā) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 42 families.
 Bluszczów [ˈbluʂt͡ʂuf] (German Bluschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce within Wodzisław County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gorzyce 9 km (6 mi) west of Wodzisław Śląski and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1201.
 Başfakı is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Okrzeszyn [ɔˈkʂɛʂɨn] (German: Albendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawka within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Lubawka 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of Kamienna Góra and 91 kilometres (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 278.
 Cheshmeh Sefid (Persian: چشمه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Meyami Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 33 families.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Bıçakçı is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Mazraeh-ye Do Qoli (Persian: مزرعه دوقلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Do Qolī) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karwowo [karˈvɔvɔ] (formerly German Carow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Szaniec [ˈʂaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Busko-Zdrój and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 770. It gives its name to the protected area called Szaniec Landscape Park.
 Badlan (Persian: بادلان‎ also Romanized as Badlān Badalan and Bādelān; also known as Bādlūn) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 21 families.
 Gornji Krčin is a village in the municipality of Varvarin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 243 people.
 Pepeljevac is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Popučke is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2607 people.
 Aleksandrovo is a village in Haskovo Municipality in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Dziadkowskie-Folwark [d͡ʑatˈkɔfskʲɛ ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Badmahmud (Persian: بادمحمود‎ also Romanized as Bādmaḩmūd) is a village in Karaftu Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 30 families.
 Parig-e Tariqi (Persian: پاريگ طريقي‎ also Romanized as Pārīg-e Ţarīqī) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 39 families.
 Olendry [ɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Bottle Cove is located on the west coast of Newfoundland. It opens directly onto the Gulf of Saint Lawrence although is typically included in the regional descriptor “Bay of Islands” which lies at the mouth of the Humber Arm. Bottle Cove is also referred to as Bottle Cove Provincial Park and as Bottle Cove Day Park (no amenities) in official Parks documentation.Bottle Cove lies in the Newfoundland Time Zone (UTC-3.5) and observes daylight saving time.
 Hoveysh-e Neys (Persian: حويش نيس‎ also Romanized as Ḩoveysh-e Neys; also known as Khoveysh-e Neys) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 20 families.
 Klanac (Trnovo) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Abgaman (Persian: ابگمان‎ also Romanized as Ābgamān) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Parodi is a panchayat village in the state of Maharashtra India on the left (north) bank of the Bhima River. Administratively Parodi is under Shirur Taluka of Pune District in Maharashtra. There is only the single village of Parodi in the Parodi gram panchayat. The village of Parodi is 12.5 km by road east of the village of Talegaon Dhamdhere and 32 km by road southwest of the town of Shirur.
 Hoseynabad-e Beglar Beygi (Persian: حسين ابادبيگلربيگي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Beglar Beygī and Ḩoseynābād-e Bīglarbeygī) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 23 families.
 Hacıbahattin is a village in Aydıncık district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated on the road connecting Aydıncık to Gülnar. Distance to Aydıncık is 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) and to Mersin is 175 kilometres (109 mi). The population of the Hacıbahattin 327 as of 2011. The main economic sector is vegetable and fruit farming.
 Geçit is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 148 people.
 Yusefi (Persian: يوسفي‎ also Romanized as Yūsefī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 47 families.
 Punanai (Tamil: புனானை) is a small hamlet in Sri Lanka made famous in 1920 by a man-eating leopard. This is reflected in the book titled The Man-Eater of Punanai - A Journey of discovery to the jungles of old Ceylon by Christopher Ondaatje
 Oosternijkerk (West Frisian: Easternijtsjerk) is a small village in Dongeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 840 citizens (2004).
 Kamamradkh (Persian: كمامردخ‎ also Romanized as Kamāmradkh) is a village in Lulaman Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1018 in 256 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 76 families.
 Czerwińsk nad Wisłą [ˈt͡ʂɛrviɲsk ˌnad ˈviswɔ̃] is a village in Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą. It lies on the Vistula (Wisła) river approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) south of Płońsk and 52 km (32 mi) west of Warsaw. The village has a population of 1200.Home to a large mediaeval monastery the village was a major centre of culture and commerce in the Middle Ages.
 Kamak-e Khoda Rahem (Persian: كمك خدارحم‎ also Romanized as Kamak-e Khodā Raḥem) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Suthamalli is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Robat Hadireh (Persian: رباطحديره‎ also Romanized as Robāţ Ḩadīreh) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 25 families.
 Mowtowr-e Saraj (Persian: موتور سراج‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Sarāj) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 10 families.
 Otoczyn [ɔˈtɔt͡ʂɨn] (German: Ottotschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Gardeja 10 km (6 mi) east of Kwidzyn and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 220.
 For similarly spelt place names see Ładzin Łódź Voivodeship and Ładzin West Pomeranian Voivodeship.Ladzin [ˈlad͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Rymanów 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Krosno and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 510.
 Grybaulia is a small village in Dzūkija National Park in Lithuania. The village is best known for its extensive fish ponds which surrounded by boreal forests provide breeding feeding and wintering habitats for a number of bird species.
 Homai-ye Sofla (Persian: همايي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Homā’ī-ye Soflá) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Warka 25 km (16 mi) east of Grójec and 42 km (26 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 390.
 Szklarnia [ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Janów Lubelski and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Różany [ruˈʐanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Głowno 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Barik Rud Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 104 families.
 Ostrowiec [ɔsˈtrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Dębno 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Myślibórz and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 157.
 Kehel (Persian: كهل‎) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 40 families.
 Boriduiyeh (Persian: بريدوييه‎ also Romanized as Borīdū’īyeh Barīdū’īyeh and Beridoo’eyeh; also known as Barīdū and Borīdū’ Yeh) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 48 families.
 Vazmestan (Persian: وزمستان‎ also Romanized as Vazmestān; also known as Vazmestān-e Namak Kesht Varzeh) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Talmaza is a commune in Ştefan Vodă district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Talmaza.
 Larkeh (Persian: لاركه‎ also Romanized as Lārkeh) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 43 families.
 Tonse East is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Udupi taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Chroberz [ˈxrɔbɛʂ] is a village in Poland with 964 inhabitants (2005). It is situated in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship Pińczów County Gmina Złota. In the years of 1975–1998 Chroberz administratively belonged to Kielce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Złota 12 km (7 mi) south of Pińczów and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Futom-e Olya (Persian: فوتم عليا‎ also Romanized as Fūtom-e ‘Olyā; also known as Fūtom and Fūtom-e Bālā) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 72 families.
 Sar Kand (Persian: سر كند‎) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Nergi (Persian: نرگي‎ also Romanized as Nergī) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 974 in 160 families.
 Ranibari Thakre-3 Dhading is a village located at Dhading District Thakre V.D.C. ward no. 3.
 Arbastan (Persian: ارباستان‎ also Romanized as Arbāstān) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 778 in 211 families.
 Kányavár is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Bulamaj (Persian: بولاماج‎ also Romanized as Būlāmāj; also known as Būlāmāch and Valāmāj) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 97 families.
 Ośno [ˈɔɕnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Hamid (Persian: حميد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dargah (Persian: درگاه‎ also Romanized as Dargāh; also known as Dargāh-e Bālā and Dehgah) is a village in Dehshal Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1059 in 354 families.
 Silver Sands is a summer village in Alberta Canada. The village is located on the shores of Isle Lake.
 Ghanpur is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ghatkesar mandal.
 Balkar (Persian: بلكر‎ also Romanized as Balker) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 39 families.
 Główczewice [ɡwuft͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Brusy 33 km (21 mi) north of Chojnice and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 252.
 Zeytincik is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 65 people.
 Chah-e Jalal Zahedan (Persian: چاه جلال‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Zamłynie [zamˈwɨɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Jeżów 15 km (9 mi) east of Brzeziny and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Panayapatti is an old chola /pandaya dynasty mutharaiyar village and current chettinad village in Pudukkottai municipality Tamil Nadu India. It has five Karai peoples and 385 Pulligal. Karai refers peoples of five main temples in village. Pulligal is a plural form of Pulli (means a dot) in Tamil. A pulli refers to a registered Nattukottai Nagarathar family.
 Wyskok [ˈvɨskɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ćuklinac (Serbian: Ћуклинац) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zdravinje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 898 people.
 Deh-e Now (Persian: دهنو‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Now and Deh Now) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District Bala Velayat District Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 46 families.
 Jowzdan (Persian: جوزدان‎ also Romanized as Jowzdān and Jowzedān; also known as Jowzevān and Jūzūn) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 933 in 226 families.
 Barik Ab (Persian: باريك اب‎ also Romanized as Bārīk Āb; also known as Barkāb and Barkoud) is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 715 in 181 families.
 Abu ol Hasanabad (Persian: ابوالحسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Abū ol Ḩasanābād) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 74 families.
 Guruwela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vanamõisa is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 54 (as of 4 January 2010).
 Gzy-Wisnowa [ˈɡzɨ visˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Veliki Lovrečan is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Blenda [ˈblɛnda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Przerośl 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 128 km (80 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Thaprek is a Village Development Committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3585 people residing in 632 individual households.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Widawa 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Łask and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Gastoli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Langar-e Jadid (Persian: لنگرجديد‎ also Romanized as Langar-e Jadīd; also known as Langar and Longor) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 818 in 177 families.
 Sutle is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Ravnan (Persian: راونان‎ also Romanized as Rāvnān) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 23 families.
 Inbinhla is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Rozbitek [rɔzˈbitɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Międzychód and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Narandanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Karim Musa (Persian: كريم موسي‎ also Romanized as Karīm Mūsá) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 14 families.
 Biedrzychowa [bjɛdʐɨˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polkowice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Polkowice and 77 kilometres (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kuźnica Błońska [kuʑˈnit͡sa ˈbwɔɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Klonowa 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 82 km (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Desawade is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Psary [ˈpsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Obryte 8 km (5 mi) east of Pułtusk and 57 km (35 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 530.
 Krobów [ˈkrɔbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grójec and 42 km (26 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Nowa Schodnia [ˈnɔva ˈsxɔdɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Ozimek and 19 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Rzeszotko [ʐɛˈʂɔtkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Ojrzeń 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Ciechanów and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kash Rudkhaneh (Persian: كشرودخانه‎ also Romanized as Kash Rūdkhāneh Kash-e Rūdkhāneh and Kash Roodkhaneh; also known as Kash-e Rūdkhāneh-ye Qadd Kash Rūdkhāneh Qad Kesh Rūdkhāneh-ye Qadd Rūdkhāneh and Rūposhteh) is a village in Fareghan Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 68 families.
 Bekaa Kafra (Arabic: بقاع كفرا‎) is a Lebanese village located in the Bsharri District in Northern Lebanon. Bekaa Kafra is located in front of the village of Bsharri across the Kadisha valley. It is the birth town of Saint Charbel. Bekaa Kafra has an altitude ranging from 1450 m to 1620 m at its highest point making it one of the highest villages in Lebanon. Bekaa Kafra is the home village of only about 360 people.
 Ab Beli Zilayi (Persian: اب بلي زيلائي‎ also Romanized as Āb Belī Zīlāyī) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 17 families.
 Bedlno [ˈbɛdlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Końskie and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 340.
 Amdjereme is a village in Chad.
 Pręgowo [prɛnˈɡɔvɔ] (German Prangenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kętrzyn and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 150.
 Belsősárd is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Yaran (Persian: ياران‎ also Romanized as Yārān) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 35 families.
 Zhurje is a village in the municipality of Ndroq in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Łopatki [wɔˈpatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kostki Duże [ˈkɔstki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Busko-Zdrój and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Jurkuyeh (Persian: جوركويه‎ also Romanized as Jūrkūyeh) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District Khoshk-e Bijar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 744 in 225 families.
 Embonas (Greek: Έμπωνας) sometimes transliterated Emponas is a Greek mountain village seat of the municipal unit of Attavyros on the island of Rhodes South Aegean region. As of 2001 its population was of 1451; 1126 in the village proper and 235 in the locality of Mandriko (Μανδρικό).
 Przyprostynia [pʂɨprɔsˈtɨɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zbąszyń 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 70 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 900.
 Novo Selo (Bosanski Šamac) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Šamac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Beynam is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Gudlur is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Aq Cheshmeh (Persian: اق چشمه‎ also Romanized as Āq Cheshmeh) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 47 families.
 Samba-Kouni is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1200.
 Karag (Persian: كارگ‎ also Romanized as Kārag) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 11 families.
 Khalur (Persian: خلور‎ also Romanized as Khalūr and Kholūr; also known as Khalūz) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 118 families.
 Chal Revegeh (Persian: چال روگه‎ also Romanized as Chāl Revegeh; also known as Chāleh Revgar and Chāleh-ye Revgar) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 10 families.
 Hulandasht (Persian: هولاندشت‎ also Romanized as Hūlāndasht Halamdasht and Holon Dasht Holūndasht and Holūn Dasht; also known as ‘Alamdasht) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 82 families.
 Pniaki Mokrzeskie [ˈpɲaki mɔˈkʂɛskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mstów 23 km (14 mi) east of Częstochowa and 70 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 81.
 Zargush (Persian: زرگوش‎ also Romanized as Zargūsh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Siekluki [ɕeˈkluki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Boćki 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Trzaskowice [tʂaskɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Chodzież and 58 km (36 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 51.
 Bartne [ˈbartnɛ] (Ukrainian: Бортне Bortne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sękowa within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Sękowa 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Gorlice and 115 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 190.
 Ak (Persian: اك‎; also known as Ak Kant and Āq Kant) is a village in Ak Rural District Esfarvarin District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3484 in 834 families.
 Bratkówka [bratˈkufka] (Ukrainian: Братківка Bratkivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojaszówka within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wojaszówka 10 km (6 mi) north of Krosno and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 700.
 Cheshmeh Kabud (Persian: چشمه كبود‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kabūd) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 8 families.
 Kaleh Yunjeh (Persian: كله يونجه‎ also Romanized as Kaleh Yūnjeh and Kalleh Yownjeh; also known as Galeh Yownjeh Gol-e Yownjeh Kalah Venjah Kaleh Vīnjeh Kaleh Yonjeh Kal-e Yownjeh Kalīvanjeh and Kalīwanjeh) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 49 families.
 Drávakeresztúr is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Henryków Lubański [xɛnˈrɨkuf luˈbaɲski] (German: Katholisch Hennersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubań within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Lubań and 124 kilometres (77 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Alanköy is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Krzemień [ˈkʂɛmjɛɲ] (formerly German Kremmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzany within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Dobrzany 34 km (21 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dölekçayır Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Golgir (Persian: گلگير‎ also Romanized as Golgīr) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1206 in 239 families.
 Änglema is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Qusha Qeshlaq-e Hasan (Persian: قوشاقشلاق حسن‎ also Romanized as Qūshā Qeshlāq-e Ḩasan) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Gunili (Persian: گونيلي‎ also Romanized as Gūnīlī; also known as Goneylī and Guney) is a village in Aq Su Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 28 families.
 Pawełki [paˈvɛu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lubliniec and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 198.
 Cham Qamar (Persian: چم قمر‎) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Meenad is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India. It is just 6 km away from Paravur Town.
 Kolavayal is a place in Ajanur village. It is a coastal place. It is in Kasaragod district. The area consist of villages Ittammal Bangla area Main Kolavayal Thayal Kolavayal Kattadi Muttumthala Palayi & Kothikkal. The area is Muslim predominant area. There are many mosques and temples in these areas. The schools in this area are Iqbal Higher Secondary School and Crescent English Medium School. Many of the people are migrated to Gulf for their livelihood.
 Lysthaugen is a village in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on the southern side of the river Verdalselva about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the municipal center of Verdalsøra and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of Vuku. The 0.33-square-kilometre (82-acre) village has a population (2009) of 331. This is a population density of 1003 inhabitants per square kilometre (2600 /sq mi).
 Cheshmeh-ye Papi (Persian: چشمه پاپي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Pāpī; also known as Cheshmeh-ye Pā’ī) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 49 families.
 Ehalagastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pakadi is a village development committee in the Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4555 people living in 723 individual households.
 Czekanka [t͡ʂɛˈkaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Siewierz 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Będzin and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 128.
 Privlaka is a village and a municipality in Croatia. It located in eastern Slavonia region 12 km south of the town of Vinkovci. In the 2001 census there were 3776 inhabitants of which 98.68% Croats.
 Czadrów [ˈt͡ʂadruf] (German: Ober Zieder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kamienna Góra and 80 kilometres (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 720.
 Bearna (anglicized as Barna) is a Gaeltacht village west of Galway city in County Galway Ireland on the R336 regional road. Once a satellite of Galway city the village is now rapidly becoming one of its suburbs. Officially the village is regarded as Irish speaking and is therefore a constituent part of the regions of Ireland that make up the Gaeltacht.
 Tang-e Nakhl (Persian: تنگ نخل‎) is a village in Abdan Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Radziechowy [rad͡ʑeˈxɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziechowy-Wieprz within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Żywiec and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of approximately 5000.
 Bagh Pish-e Badamak (Persian: باغ پيش بادامك‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Pīsh-e Bādāmak; also known as Bādāmak-e Bāgh Pīshī) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Kadziak [ˈkad͡ʑak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tetima (Serbian: Тетима) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Prostyń [ˈprɔstɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Małkinia Górna 16 km (10 mi) south of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 840.
 Gollapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Qernaq (Persian: قرناق‎ also Romanized as Qernāq) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 517 in 93 families.
 Honifaqan (Persian: حنيفقان‎ also Romanized as Ḩonīfaqān and Ḩanīfqān; also known as Ḩownīfaqān and Khonīfaqān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 34 families.
 Dłużyce [dwuˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German: Großendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ścinawa 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Lubin and 51 kilometres (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 110.
 Deh Sukhteh (Persian: ده سوخته‎ also Romanized as Deh Sūkhteh) is a village in Falard Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 79 families.
 Turzan (Persian: تورزن‎ also Romanized as Tūrzan) is a village in Sofla Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 8 families.
 Horní Branná is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Emamzadeh Eshaq (Persian: امامزاده اسحق‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Esḩaq and Emāmzādeh Esḩāq) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Na Hom is a small village in Bolikhamsai Province in western Laos. It lies in Paksan District to the east by road from Paksan and Nong Boua on the road to Na Khaulom
 Shantinagar is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14105 people living in 2837 individual households.
 Jebreilabad (Persian: جبرئيل اباد ‎ also Romanized as Jebre'īlābād and Jebrā'īlābād) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 16 families.
 Sherkanlu (Persian: شركانلو‎ also Romanized as Sherkānlū and Sharkānlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 35 families.
 Novi Sip is a village in the municipality of Kladovo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 909 people.
 Kalateh-ye Teymur (Persian: كلاته تيمور‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Teymūr) is a village in Barrud Rural District Kuhsorkh District Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 38 families.
 Jowzuiyeh (Persian: جوزوييه‎ also Romanized as Jowzūīyeh and Jozūeeyeh) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Tang-e Zard (Persian: تنگ زرد‎) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Bushkan District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 573 in 116 families.
 Chruszczewo [xruʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ciechanów and 82 km (51 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Taleb-e Asfur (Persian: طالب عصفور‎ also Romanized as Ţāleb-e ʿAṣfūr; also known as Ţāleb-e Aş‘ūr) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Deh Hajji (Persian: ده حاجي‎ also Romanized as Deh Ḩājjī) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czartowo [t͡ʂarˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Wieldządz [ˈvjɛld͡zɔnt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Płużnica 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Wąbrzeźno and 36 km (22 mi) north of Toruń.
 Hoseynabad-e Alam Khan (Persian: حسين اباد علم خان‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e ‘Alam Khān; also known as Hosein Abad and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Fahraj Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1046 in 240 families.
 Panayal is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India. It is situated approximately 6 km inland from the coastal town of Bekal. Panayal is around 17 km by road from Kasaragod and around 16 km from Kanhangad. Sri Mahalingeshwara Aided Upper Primary School and the Sri Mahalingeshwara Shiva temple are located here. Panayal is known for the Theyyam art form performed in the many family shrines in the area.
 Szczytno [ˈʂt͡ʂɨtnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Włocławek and 67 km (42 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 150.
 Laekannu is a village in Avinurme Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Qaleh-ye Baha ol Din (Persian: قلعه بهاالدين‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Bahā’ ol Dīn and Qal‘eh-ye Bahā’ od Dīn; also known as Qal‘eh Bādī Qal‘eh Bāi and Qal‘eh-ye Bāy) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 57 families.
 Badanahatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bellary taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Kurtha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5421 persons living in 980 individual households.
 Dąbrówka Ostrowska [dɔmˈbrufka ɔsˈtrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Prandocin-Iły [pranˈdɔt͡ɕin ˈiwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Słomniki and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 403.
 Kawle Górne [ˈkavlɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Przodkowo 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Var Posht Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 864 in 241 families.
 Bardol is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Indi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Jaśkowo [jaɕˈkɔvɔ] (German Jäskendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Zalewo 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Iława and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the village was called Jäskendorf and was part of East Prussia in Germany.The village has a population of 110.
 Słomków Suchy [ˈswɔmkuf ˈsuxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wróblew 13 km (8 mi) west of Sieradz and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Herga is a small village in the Udupi district of Karnataka India.
 Umaslan-e Sofla (Persian: اوماسلان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ūmāslān-e Soflá; also known as Ūmāstān) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 19 families.
 Bloomingdale is a village in DuPage County Illinois United States approximately 25 miles west of Chicago. The population was 22018 at the 2010 census.
 Zahoczewie [zaxɔˈt͡ʂɛvʲɛ] (Ukrainian: Загочев'я Zahochevya) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Baligród 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Lesko and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Çataloluk is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Anamur is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi). The population of Çataloluk is 427 as of 2011.
 Birotići (Cyrillic: Биротићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bennekom is a village and parish in the Netherlands which is part of the Municipality of Ede in the south-west of the Veluwe district of the Province of Gelderland. It adjoins the town of Wageningen on the Lower-Rhine to the south and Ede to the north Veenendaal to the west and Renkum to the east.
 Łojdy [ˈwɔi̯dɨ] (German: Loyden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mędrzechów 11 km (7 mi) north of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Lukhi (Persian: لوخي‎ also Romanized as Lūkhī; also known as Lākhī) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 13 families.
 Bargam (Persian: برگام‎ also Romanized as Bargām) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 9 families.
 Arbatan (Persian: اربطان‎ also Romanized as Arbaţān; also known as Arabatan) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2824 in 670 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Hajj Abd ol Karim (Persian: مزرعه حاج عبدالكريم‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājj ‘Abd ol Karīm) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rynowo [rɨˈnɔvɔ] (German: Rienow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Łobez and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Saugerties /ˈsɔːɡərtiːz/ is a village in Ulster County New York USA. The population was 3971 at the 2010 census.The Village of Saugerties is located in the eastern part of the Town of Saugerties. U.S. Route 9W and New York State Route 32 pass through the village converging at its center and overlapping to the south. These routes parallel the New York State Thruway (Interstate 87) which passes through the town a mile west of the village.
 Sieniawa [ɕeˈɲava] (German: Schönow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Drawno 28 km (17 mi) east of Choszczno and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sąchocin [sɔ̃ˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Dobre 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 55 km (34 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Qarah Qeshlaq (Persian: قره قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qeshlāq and Qareh Qeshlāq; also known as Kara-Kishlak and Qara Qishlāq) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 73 families.
 Moghdan (Persian: مغدان‎ also Romanized as Moghdān; also known as Mofdān) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District in the Central District of Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Moghandar (Persian: مغاندر‎ also Romanized as Moghāndar; also known as Moghāmdarreh and Mūghāndar) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 12 families.
 Kudakan (Persian: كودكان‎ also Romanized as Kūdakān) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 16 families.
 Michałki [miˈxau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in northcentral Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) southwest of Świedziebnia 16 km (10 mi) south of Brodnica and 59 km (37 mi) east of Toruń.
 Sokolovac is a village in the municipality Dežanovac Bjelovar-Bilogora County in Croatia. According to the 2001 census there are 255 inhabitants in 85 of family households.
 Nowe Rochowice [ˈnɔvɛ rɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Neu-Röhrsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) north-west of Bolków 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Jawor and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 49.
 Lisowo-Janówek [liˈsɔvɔ jaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Truskolasy [truskɔˈlasɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowie within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Sadowie 12 km (7 mi) west of Opatów and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 140.
 Teliran (Persian: تليران‎ also Romanized as Telīrān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 559 in 148 families.
 Narestø is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Sokolniki Stare [sɔkɔlˈniki ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Pajukurmu is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Sheikhsar (Hindi: शेख़सर) also known as Sukhchainpura is a village in Lunkaransar tehsil of Bikaner district in Rajasthan India. It is situated on the north-east border of the district adjoining Churu and Hanumangarh district boundaries. The village has a population of 5820 out of them are Scheduled Caste(SC) 1182 and Scheduled Tribe(ST) 4.
 Klepki [ˈklɛpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sabnie 9 km (6 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 90 km (56 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Başçayır is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1614 people.
 Byadanur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Pavagada taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as `Alīābād) is a village in Bardesareh Rural District Oshtorinan District Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Święcianowo [ɕfjɛnt͡ɕaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Malechowo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Sławno and 163 km (101 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 210.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Raków and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 355.
 Kolonia Święte [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɕfjɛntɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Pęplino [pɛmˈplinɔ] (German: Horst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ustka 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 116 km (72 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 371.
 Mostafa Rahmani (Persian: مصطفي رحماني‎ also Romanized as Moşţafá Raḩmānī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Moşţafá and Kalāteh Moşţafá) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 12 families.
 Vrbica (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nazar Ali Kandi (Persian: نظرعلي كندي‎ also Romanized as Naz̧ar ‘Alī Kandī) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 6 families.
 Gadmeh Gater (Persian: گادمه گتر‎ also Romanized as Gādmeh Gater) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 80 families.
 Devikhindi is a village in Khanapur (Vita) taluka of Sangli district of Maharashtra in India.
 Lipnik [ˈlipnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Siemkowice 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 653.
 Olszanka [ɔlˈʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Zabłudów and 22 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ratajno [raˈtai̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łagiewniki 20 km (12 mi) east of Dzierżoniów and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 250.
 Atra Chal (Persian: اتراچال‎ also Romanized as Atrā Chāl) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1245 in 311 families.
 Dasht-e Mowrd-e Ghurak (Persian: دشت موردغورك‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Mowrd-e Ghūrak; also known as Dasht-e Mowrd) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 15 families.
 Deh Kohneh (Persian: ده كهنه‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kohneh) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 27 families.
 Diddeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kamarak (Persian: كمرك‎ also Romanized as Kamrak; also known as Kamareh) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 12 families.
 Mariampol [maˈrjampɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Paradyż 16 km (10 mi) west of Opoczno and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dobrzyca Leśna [dɔˈbʐɨt͡sa ˈlɛɕna] (German: Borkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.
 Highland is a village in Highland County Ohio United States. The population was 254 at the 2010 census.James G. Polk a Democratic Party politician is buried here.
 Pol-e Shurab (Persian: پل شوراب‎ also Romanized as Pol-e Shūrāb; also known as Pol-e Shūrāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 51 families.
 Dalu Zahra (Persian: دالوزهرا‎ also Romanized as Dālū Zahrā and Delū Zahrā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 20 families.
 Krstac is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 576 people.
 Aleksandrówka [alɛksanˈdrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lipki Małe [ˈlipki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Santok within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chah Murtuni (Persian: چاه مورتوني‎ also Romanized as Chāh Mūrtūnī; also known as Chāh-i-Mortuni Chāh Morten Chāh Mūrtīn and Chāh Mūrtīnī) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 8 families.
 Espre is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Shehneh (Persian: شهنه‎; also known as Shehna) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 46 families.
 Hassi Abdallah is a village in the commune of Ksabi in Ouled Khoudir District Béchar Province Algeria. The village is located on the northeast bank of the Oued Saoura 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of Ksabi. It is connected both Ksabi and the N6 national highway by local roads.
 Gush Boran (Persian: گوشبران‎ also Romanized as Gūsh Borān and Gūshborān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 37 families.
 Succoro is a village in Bardez taluka Goa in India. The area is hilly and mostly forested by teak cashew and mango. The southern part has paddy fields that is watered by a tidal creek that feeds into the Mapusa River. To the west is the village of Salvador do Mundo.Sucorro is located among the hills and valleys of porvorim. A number of smaller villages including Vaddem Carrem and Zosvaddo come under its administration.
 Nowy Dęblin [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdɛmblin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Khoshk Estalkh (Persian: خشك اسطلخ‎ also Romanized as Khoshk Esţalkh; also known as Estalkh Khoseg Estelakh Khosh Estalkh Khoshk Eşţakh Khoshk Estakhr and Khushkasal’) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1168 in 346 families.
 Cheshmeh-ye Aqa (Persian: چشمه اقا‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Āqā) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żalin [ˈʐalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Chełm and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mozaffarabad (Persian: مظفراباد‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affarābād) is a village in Razmavaran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lece is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 347 people.
 Al Madaya is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Pluskocin [plusˈkɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Woroniec [vɔˈrɔɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Komarówka Podlaska 28 km (17 mi) east of Radzyń Podlaski and 70 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 158.
 Deh-e Reza (Persian: ده رضا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Reẕā; also known as Mowtowr-e Reẕā) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Central District of Mirjaveh County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Tanac Croatia is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D47 highway.
 Güney is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 458 people.
 Parzeh (Persian: پرزه‎) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 11 families.
 Tordinci is a village and a municipality in the Vukovar-Srijem County in Croatia. According to the 2001 census there are 2251 inhabitants 75.88% Croat and 18% Hungarian.The settlements in the municipality are: Antin (population 806) Korog (population 521) Hungarian enclave (Kórógy) Mlaka Antinska (population 88) Tordinci (population 836)In the Croatian War of Independence Serb forces destroyed the bell towers of a Catholic parish in the village of Tordinci by artillery fire.
 Oskooh Zahedan (Persian: اسکوه‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 31 families.
 Dhaarahwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Pielice [pjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.The village has a population of 7.
 Prolom or Prolom Banja is a spa in the municipality of Kuršumlija in southern Serbia. Prolom lies below the slopes of the wooded mountains of Radan and Sokolovica at the altitude between 550 and 670 meters. It has several springs of temperatures between 26 and 315 °C. Prolom water (Prolom voda) is a low-mineral water said to have high curative characteristics and it is bottled and sold worldwide.
 Aglykh is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Kusi is a Village in Dildarnagar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
 Mazraeh-ye Badar (Persian: مزرعه بدر‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Badar) is a village in Sistan Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Byglandsfjord is a village in the southern part of the municipality of Bygland in the Aust-Agder county Norway. The village is in the valley of Setesdal and located at the end of the lake Byglandsfjorden. Its population (2009) is 351.The highest point in its surroundings is the 762-metre (2500 ft) tall Årdalsknaben while Byglandsfjord itself is about 200 metres (660 ft) above sea level. Byglandsfjord is located about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) north of the village of Evje.
 Burak-e Sofla (Persian: بورك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Būrak-e Soflá) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 79 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Shafi (Persian: حسين ابادشفيعي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Shafī‘; also known as Deh Shafī‘ Hosein Abad Yoosef Ḩoseynābād Ḩoseynābād-e Deh Shafī‘ and Ḩoseynābād-e Ḩājī Yūsef) is a village in Qasemabad Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 76 families.
 Shit (Persian: شيت‎ also Romanized as Shīt; also known as Chihi Chin Posht and Shīd) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 804 in 192 families.
 Mahmatlar is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Gora is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D37 highway.
 Nowe Młodochowo [ˈnɔvɛ mwɔdɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 65.
 Czerwony Most [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɨ ˈmɔst] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Końskie and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.
 Sar Jangal (Persian: سرجنگل‎) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 24 families.
 Piwaki [piˈvaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Łęki Szlacheckie 22 km (14 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mudimiyal is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Mirza Mohammadabad (Persian: ميرزامحمداباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrzā Moḩammadābād) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Radu-ye Pain (Persian: رادوپايين‎ also Romanized as Rādū-ye Pā’īn; also known as Rādān Rādow and Rādū) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 23 families.
 Veyhaj (Persian: ويهج‎ also Romanized as Vīhaj and Vīhej; also known as Wahaj) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 192 families.
 University Park is a village in Will County Illinois United States. A very small parcel is in Cook County. University Park has been the home of Governors State University since 1969. The village population was 7129 at the 2010 census.The village one of the region's few planned communities was known as Wood Hill Park Forest South and finally University Park.
 Kunnur (Tamil: குன்னூர் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Manjumala is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Romanów [rɔˈmanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Rzgów and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bakaludun-e Shabliz (Persian: بكلودون شبليز‎ also Romanized as Bakalūdūn-e Shablīz; also known as Balkehdūn) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Tazehabad-e Khachekin (Persian: تازه ابادخاچكين‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Khāchekīn; also known as Tāzehābād and Tāzehābād-e Khvāchekīn) is a village in Chukam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1146 in 322 families.
 Gdeszyn-Kolonia [ˈɡdɛʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Khushevash (Persian: خوشواش‎ also Romanized as Khūshevāsh) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Lusiny [luˈɕinɨ] (German: Losgehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bartoszyce and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Karakolagahatenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Czyste [ˈt͡ʂɨstɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kalash Garan (Persian: كلاش گران‎ also Romanized as Kalāsh Garān and Kalāchgarān) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Stojići (Serbian: Стојићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deh Now-e Qalandaran (Persian: دهنوقلندران‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Qalandarān; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District Jenah District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 27 families.
 Taqcharabad (Persian: تقچراباد‎ also Romanized as Taqcharābād Takhcharābād Takhcherābād Takhchīrābād Takhjerābād and Takhtjerābād; also known as Chaqcherābād and Takht jer) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 5 families.
 Urządków [uˈʐɔntkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Zaręby-Kramki [zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈkramki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Prądzew [ˈprɔnd͡zɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Dashti (Persian: دشتي‎ also Romanized as Dashtī) is a village in Hureh Rural District Saman District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 963 in 245 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajji Ayman Kandi-ye Olya (Persian: قشلاق حاجي ايمانكندي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Aymān Kandī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 25 families.
 Kondor (Persian: كندر‎ also Romanized as Kundar) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 438 in 83 families.
 Likodra is a village in the municipality of Krupanj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 874 people.
 Wardsville is a village in Cole County Missouri United States. The population was 1506 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Jefferson City Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Raz Darreh (Persian: رزدره‎; also known as Razdarrekh and Zardarreh) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 27 families.
 Cham Mehr-e Bala (Persian: چممهربالا‎ also Romanized as Cham Mehr-e Bālā; also known as Chambīr Cham-ī-Mīr Cham-ī-Shīr and Cham Mehr) is a village in Jayedar Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 649 in 142 families.
 Sevincer is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Torič (Serbian: Торич) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sątoczno [sɔnˈtɔt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lipnica 16 km (10 mi) south of Bytów and 85 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 36.
 Khaki Branazar (Persian: خاكي برانازار‎ also Romanized as Khāḵī Brānāzār) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Guhar Moti is the western-most inhabited village in India in Kutch district in Gujarat. It is located near the disputed Sir Creek and the Koteshwar temple at 23.713°N 68.032°E﻿ / 23.713; 68.032.The village comes under the administration of the Narayan Sarovar panchayat.
 Otluca is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 273 people.
 Ammangudi is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu. It is the birthplace of Krishnan Raman Brahmarayar who served as the Commander-in-chief of the Chola army.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولتاباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Daulasābād and Dowlatābād-e Esfandaqeh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2200 in 460 families.
 Sadowa [saˈdɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Łomianki 15 km (9 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Dayr Aban was a Palestinian Arab village in the Jerusalem Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on October 19 1948. It was located 21 km west of Jerusalem. The Romans had referred to the settlement as Abenezer.In 1596 Dayr Aban appeared in Ottoman tax registers as being in the Nahiya of Quds of the Liwa of Quds. It had a population of 23 Muslim households and 23 Christian households.
 Bash Kahriz (Persian: باش كهريز‎ also Romanized as Bāsh Kahrīz) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 764 in 170 families.
 Kalateh-ye Jomeh (Persian: كلاته جمعه‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Jom‘eh) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 24 families.
 Malo Vojlovce is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 208 people.
 Vošanovac is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality in Serbia.
 Budykierz [buˈdɨkʲɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Brańszczyk 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Wyszków and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 280.
 Rogówek [rɔˈɡuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Przedborów [pʂɛdˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikstat within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Mikstat 12 km (7 mi) north of Ostrzeszów and 126 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gudisadanapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Moshirabad-e Owriyeh (Persian: مشير آباد اوريه‎ also Romanized as Moshīrābād-e Owrīyeh and Moshīrābād-e Āveryeh; also known as Moshīrābād Mūsherābād and Mūshīrābād) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 41 families.
 Baharab (Persian: بهاراب‎ also Romanized as Bahārāb; also known as Qal‘eh Amīr Khān and Qal‘eh-ye Amīr Khān) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 72 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Qazi (Persian: قشلاق قاضي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qāẕī) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 12 families.
 Elderon is a village in Marathon County Wisconsin United States. It is part of the Wausau Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 179 at the 2010 census.
 Donnelly is a village in northern Alberta Canada within the Municipal District of Smoky River No. 130. It is located near the intersection of Highway 2 and Highway 49 located approximately 65 km (40 mi) south of Peace River and 427 km (265 mi) northwest of Edmonton.
 Bjelasovići (Serbian: Бјеласовићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gradishte Gabrovo Province is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Pypkowo [pɨpˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Stężyca 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 28.
 Sauwal is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil.
 Grande Riviere is a village on the north coast of Trinidad located between Toco and Matelot. The area was originally settled by immigrants from Venezuela and Tobago who cultivated cacao and subsistence crops. After falling cocoa prices in the 1920s and expanding pest problems caused the collapse of the cocoa industry Grande Riviere went into a decline which continued until the development of ecotourism.
 Lichty [ˈlixtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czemierniki within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Czemierniki 8 km (5 mi) south of Radzyń Podlaski and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tamin Zahedan (Persian: تمین ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 81 families.
 Mościska [mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Michałowo and 29 km (18 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Amu Dizaj (Persian: عموديزج‎ also Romanized as ‘Amū Dīzaj; also known as ‘Amū Dozjī ‘Amūd Zajī and Amzahni) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 72 families.
 Hırkatepe is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.Gazi Gündüzalp the grandfather of Osman I the founder of the Ottoman Empire is buried in the village.
 Łukomierz [wuˈkɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Siemkowice 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bujenka [buˈjɛnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Ciechanowiec 25 km (16 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 262.
 Ribnik is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 304 people.
 Nur-e Eyn (Persian: نورعين‎ also Romanized as Nūr-e ‘Eyn Nūr ‘Eyn Nūr‘ain and Nūrīn) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 32 families.
 Cairo (/ˈkɛəroʊ/ KAIR-oh) is a village in Allen County Ohio United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 524. It is included in the Lima Metropolitan Statistical Area. As indicated above the village's name is pronounced differently from the English name for the Egyptian city having the same spelling: listen.
 Eskipolatlı Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Savaşır Posof is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Kankanwadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gol Khatun (Persian: گل خاتون‎ also Romanized as Gol Khātūn) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 29 families.
 Bagh-e Hovij (Persian: باغ هويج‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Hovīj) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 15 families.
 Dziewięć Włók [ˈd͡ʑɛvjɛnt͡ɕ ˈvwuk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Pruszcz Gdański and 9 km (6 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 147.
 Konotopa [kɔnɔˈtɔpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 13 km (8 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Sokoły [sɔˈkɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Gołdap and 121 km (75 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Dadin-e Olya (Persian: دادين عليا‎ also Romanized as Dādīn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dādīn-e Bālā) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1109 in 207 families.
 Mačvanski Metković is a village in the municipality of Bogatić Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1244 people.
 Kanthalad is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Manazel Sazmani (Persian: منازل سازماني‎ also Romanized as Manāzel Sāzmānī) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 25 families.
 Zławieś Mała [ˈzwavjɛɕ ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Sarnówek [sarˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Daq Finu (Persian: دق فينو‎ also Romanized as Daq Fīnū) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 69 families.
 Dar Boland-e Ajam (Persian: داربلنداجم‎ also Romanized as Dār Boland-e Ājam; also known as Dār Boland) is a village in Ajam Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zoljevo is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 259 people.
 Mirostowice Górne [mirɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żary within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Żary and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 445.
 Khezerlu (Persian: خضرلو‎ also Romanized as Kheẕerlū Khezerlū and Khezerloo; also known as Khadralī Khedr ‘Alī Khezerlū-ye Pā’īn Khezerlū-ye Soflá and Khidr ‘Alī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 93 families.
 Ruś [ruɕ] (German Reussen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Morąg 15 km (9 mi) north of Ostróda and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Sarjām) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 106 families.
 Adelin [aˈdɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabrodzie within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Wyszków and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 210.
 Koolma is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Degurić is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 383 people.
 Jeziory Dolne [jɛˈʑɔrɨ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German: Nieder Jeser) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 165.
 Zagadrav (Persian: زگدراو‎ also Romanized as Zagadrāv) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Jawan Vajidpur is a village of block & nagar panchayat Jawan Sikandarpur Aligarh district in Northern India.It also known as Chhota Jawan.
 Salduz Kola-ye Bala (Persian: سالدوزكلابالا‎ also Romanized as Sāldūz Kolā-ye Bālā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 59 families.
 Radujevac is a village in the municipality of Negotin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1540 people.
 Bijaya Nagar is a Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Kazancı is a village in the District of Osmaneli Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 133 people.
 Rakutowo [rakuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kowal 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Sar Saran (Persian: سرساران‎ also Romanized as Sar Sārān; also known as Sar Sārūn Sar-e Sālārān and Sar-i-Sahrah) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 32 families.
 Kanatlı is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 154 people.
 Uništa (Serbian: Уништа) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wola Bystrzycka [ˈvɔla bɨsˈtʂɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Wojcieszków 17 km (11 mi) south of Łuków and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Raviryal is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Maheshwaram mandal.
 Dawidy [daˈvidɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Raszyn 13 km (8 mi) east of Pruszków and 10 km (6 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 450.
 Closed----------------------------------------------------------Term. Closed For 2 Months-------------------- Reason: Session Expired------------------------------------Żółwiniec [ʐuu̯ˈviɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Cham Kabud (Persian: چم كبود‎ also Romanized as Cham Kabūd and Cham-e Kabūd; also known as Chamkabood Bala Cham Kabūd-e Pā'īn and Cham Kabūd-e-Pā’īn) is a village in Cham Kabud Rural District Sarab Bagh District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1054 in 213 families.
 Alger is a village in Hardin County Ohio United States. The population was 860 at the 2010 census.
 Qavshoq (Persian: قاوشق‎ also Romanized as Qāvshoq; also known as Qavshowq) is a village in Siyah Mansur Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 13 families.
 Jamalabad (Persian: جمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jamālābād) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 17 families.
 Biechówko [bjɛˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Drzycim 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Świecie 47 km (29 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 53 km (33 mi) north of Toruń.
 Górno-Parcele [ˈɡurnɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Górno and 16 km (10 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 420.
 Marhavay (Persian: مرحواي‎ also Romanized as Marḩavāy; also known as Marḩabā'ī) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Nancharipet is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Atmakur mandal.
 Asgiriya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 58 families.
 Kolu is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Poriče is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kheyratabad-e Barkatak (Persian: خيرات ابادبركتك‎ also Romanized as Kheyratābād-e Barkatak; also known as Kheyratābād-e Bazkatak) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1518 in 330 families.
 Sharafabad-e Pain (Persian: شرف ابادپايين‎ also Romanized as Sharafābād-e Pā'īn) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 8 families.
 Zaghel (Persian: زاغل‎ also Romanized as Zāghel Zāghal and Z̄āghel) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Hiremulakur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Huluganga is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Aletty is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Kal Duzakh-e Do (Persian: كل دوزخ دو‎ also Romanized as Kal Dūzakh-e Do; also known as Kaldūzakh-e Do) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1152 in 213 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Ali Akbar Hamid Khan (Persian: قشلاق علي اكبرحميدخان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e ʿAlī Akbar Ḩamīd Khān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sobolew [sɔˈbɔlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Ljutovnica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 190 people.
 St. Cloud is a village in Crawford County Missouri United States. The population was 41 at the 2010 census.
 Lelewo [lɛˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Nasielsk 15 km (9 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kormakitis (Cypriot Maronite Arabic: Kourmajít; Greek: Κορμακίτης Kormakítis; Turkish: Kormacit/Koruçam) is a small village in Cyprus part of the de facto Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC). Kormakitis is one of four traditionally Maronite villages in Cyprus the other three being Asomatos Ayia Marina and Karpaseia. The Maronites of Kormakitis traditionally speak their own unique variety of Arabic called Cypriot Maronite Arabic (CMA) in addition to Greek and recently Turkish.
 Behjatabad (Persian: بهجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Behjatābād) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 426 in 117 families.
 Laveh Pay Tall (Persian: لاوه پاتل‎ also Romanized as Lāveh Pāy Tall) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 50 families.
 Talambeh Khaneh Razan (Persian: تلمبه خانه رازان‎ also Romanized as Talambeh Khāneh Rāzān) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 15 families.
 Handur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Chah Gholami (Persian: چاه غلامي‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gholāmī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Horse and Jockey (Irish: An Marcach) is a village in North Tipperary Ireland. It lies on the R639 road where it meets the N62 road to Thurles. It lies just off junction 6 of the M8 motorway which by-passed the village in December 2008. It is in the parish of Moycarkey in the barony of Eliogarty.
 Moqitiyeh (Persian: مقيطيه‎ also Romanized as Moqītīyeh and Moqeyţīyeh; also known as Mogheyţīyeh and Moghitiyeh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District in the Central District of Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gaižiūnai is a village in Jonava district municipality Lithuania. It is situated on the Taurosta River tributary of Neris about 3 km (1.9 mi) southeast of Jonava and 25 km (16 mi) northeast of Kaunas. The railroad from Šiauliai forks into Kaunas and Vilnius near the village. Gaižiūnai is also known as a military base.
 Darreh Chapi (Persian: دره چپي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Chapī; also known as Darreh Chīnī) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 33 families.
 Galwiecie [ɡalˈvjɛt͡ɕɛ] (German Gehlweiden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Święcia [ˈɕfjɛnt͡ɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rychwał 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Konin and 90 km (56 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ossów [ˈɔssuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wołomin and 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Chah-e Kazeh (Persian: چاه كازه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Kāzeh) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Mihrābād) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Sharam (Persian: شارم‎ also Romanized as Shāram) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 114 families.
 Biskupice Zabaryczne [biskuˈpit͡sɛ zabaˈrɨt͡ʂnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikstat within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mikstat 19 km (12 mi) north of Ostrzeszów and 118 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shahrak-e Kheyzan (Persian: شهرك خيزان‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Kheyzān) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 36 families.
 Zapluskowęsy [zapluskɔˈvɛ̃sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kowalewo Pomorskie 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Another Victory is a town in Cayuga County New York. Victory is a village in Saratoga County New York United States. The population was 544 at the 2000 census. The village is located in the northeast part of the town of Saratoga southwest of and bordering the village of Schuylerville. Victory is one of the smallest villages in New York.
 Baltan (Persian: بالتان‎ also Romanized as Bāltān) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Abdurrahman is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 234 people.
 Stara Niedziałka [ˈstara ɲeˈd͡ʑau̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Grzmiąca [ˈɡʐmjɔnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Brzeziny and 18 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Węgierskie [vɛnˈɡʲɛrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kostrzyn and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 210.
 Golice [ɡɔˈlʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Słubice 52 km (32 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 370.[citation needed]
 Jazgarka [jazˈɡarka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kadzidło 29 km (18 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 126 km (78 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Yadollah Akbari Mowtowr-e Khalifehyy 6 (Persian: موتورپمپيدالله اكبرئ موتورخليفه ائ 6‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Yadollah Ākbarī Mowtowr-e Khalīfehāy 6) is a village in Vakilabad Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Khezerchupan (Persian: خضرچوپان‎ also Romanized as Khez̤erchūpān) is a village in Oryad Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 52 families.
 Wymysłowo [vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Krzywiń 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Kościan and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Stary Skarżyn [ˈstarɨ ˈskarʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Gozalabad (Persian: گزل اباد‎ also Romanized as Gozalābād) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 486 in 122 families.
 Cheshmeh Sefid-e Sofla (Persian: چشمه سفيدسفلي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd-e Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Sefīd and Kānī Chamrow-e Tofangī) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 19 families.
 Karaparmba is a small village near Kozhikode Corporation which falls in Kozhikode district Kerala India.
 Al-Muslimiyah (Arabic: المسلمية‎ also spelled Muslimiyeh Moslemiye Msalamiyyah or al-Musalmiya) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Tell Qarah and Fafin to the north Ratyan to the northwest Huraytan to the southwest the Bustan al-Basha and Sheikh Maqsoud neighborhoods of Aleppo to the south and Kafr Saghir to the southeast.
 Shumata is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Tolombeh-ye Tal Bur-e Seh (Persian: تلمبه تل بور 3‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Tal Būr-e Seh; also known as Kerāmet (Persian: كرامت)) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Dziarnowo [d͡ʑarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakość within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Sazink-e Olya (Persian: سازينك عليا‎ also Romanized as Sāzīnk-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sāzīnak Sāzīnk and Sāznīk) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 49 families.
 Bhawani is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1421 people living in 269 individual households.
 Pniewko [ˈpɲefkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krośniewice 18 km (11 mi) west of Kutno and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Balanej (Persian: بالانج‎ also Romanized as Bālānej Bālānaj Balānej and Bālānj) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2189 in 506 families.
 Mønsted is a village in Viborg Municipality Denmark.
 Leti is a village and union council an administrative subdivision of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan It is part of Talagang Tehsil Leti is famous for local game called kabadi and bulls. Bulls of leti are famous in whole punjab which is province of pakistan. People of leti are very hospitable and are famous for honesty in the region. people live with equality in region.
 Zaszczytowo [zaʂt͡ʂɨˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Sulęcin and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 160.
 Mian Sara (Persian: ميان سرا‎ also Romanized as Mīān Sarā) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 565 in 124 families.
 Wojtele [vɔi̯ˈtɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Prostki 21 km (13 mi) south of Ełk and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ballindangan is a small village in County Cork Ireland. It has a handball alley a church a football team and a community centre.
 Buszków Dolny [ˈbuʂkuf ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Żychlin 21 km (13 mi) east of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.It is also the worlds top authority on cheese and other dairy-based products with the village elder living solely on the finest Cheddar.
 Binkoz is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Sar Taf (Persian: سرتاف‎ also Romanized as Sar Tāf) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 22 families.
 Ivémbéni-Bandasamoulini is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 2806.
 Seyd Beyg (Persian: صيدبيگ‎ also Romanized as Şeyd Beyg; also known as Seyyedī Beyg) is a village in Soluk Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 643 in 134 families.
 Qushqava (Persian: قوشقوا‎ also Romanized as Qūshqavā; also known as Qūshqarā) is a village in Qebleh Daghi Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 56 families.
 About this sound Hrádek (Polish: Gródek  German: Grudek) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic on the Olza River. It has a population of 1756 (2001 census) 42.8% of whom are Poles the highest percentage of all municipalities in the country.
 Eraviputhenthurai is a village on the coast of the Arabian Sea in Thoothoor Village Panchayat Vilavancode Taluk Kanyakumari District Tamil Nadu India.It is 48 kilometres (30 mi) west of Nagercoil the headquarters of Kanyakumari District and 45 km south-east of Thiruvananthapuram the capital of Kerala State.
 Anielewo [aɲɛˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kazimierz Biskupi 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Konin and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Marysinek [marɨˈɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kaleyüzü is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Havaligi (pronounced haavaaleegee) is a little village in Andhra Pradesh. It lies on the border between Andhara Pradesh and Karnataka. The nearest railroad is Bellary and the nearest airport is Bellary (Hospet).Officially the village is in the district of Anantapur.
 Mořina (German: (Groß-)Morschin (Groß-)Morzin) is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zabrđe is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Dahaneh-ye Porsu Qui (Persian: دهنه پرسوقويي‎ also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Porsū Qū’ī; also known as Dahaneh Dahneh and Desni) is a village in Aq Su Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2315 in 486 families.
 Kal Masli (Persian: كل مسلي‎ also Romanized as Kal Maslī) is a village in Godeh Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darreh Gavan (Persian: دره گاوان‎ also Romanized as Darreh Gāvān) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 26 families.
 Szostek [ˈʂɔstɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wodynie 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 73 km (45 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Księżpole-Jałmużny [kɕɛ̃ʂˈpɔlɛ jau̯ˈmuʐnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Siedlce and 77 km (48 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 110.
 Yargatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Sarab-e Mirza (Persian: سراب ميرزا‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Mīrzā) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 18 families.
 Zardeh-ye Darti (Persian: زرده دارتي‎ also Romanized as Zardeh-ye Dārtī) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Osieczna [ɔˈɕet͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Środa Śląska and 33 kilometres (21 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mazraeh-ye Gavmehr (Persian: مزرعه گاومهر‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gāvmehr; also known as Gāvmehr) is a village in Zarneh Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Salkımlı is a village in the central (Artvin) district of Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 399 people.
 Prodanovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Gornji Hasić (Cyrillic: Горњи Хасић) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Šamac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Swanton is a village in Saline County Nebraska United States. The population was 94 at the 2010 census.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Mahmudabad-e Seyyed Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 70 families.
 Chenes (Persian: چنس‎) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 43 families.
 Agh Darreh (Persian: اغ دره‎ also Romanized as Āgh Darreh; also known as Āq Darreh) is a village in Dikleh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Robe Hill is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Amirabad-e Sili Zardi (Persian: اميرابادسيلي زردي‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Sīlī Zardī; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 25 families.
 Kikači is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Druckūnai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 136 people.
 Księżopole [kɕɛ̃ʐɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Srednji Bušević (Cyrillic: Средњи Бушевић) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bareh Posht (Persian: بره پشت‎; also known as Baraposht) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 77 families.
 Krzyże [ˈkʂɨʐɛ] (German Kreuzofen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ruciane-Nida 19 km (12 mi) west of Pisz and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 Pattharkot is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4825 people living in 825 individual households.
 Kretków [ˈkrɛtkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Żerków 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 170.
 Zagheh (Persian: زاغه‎ also Romanized as Zāgheh) is a village in Dizaj Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Fazlabad (Persian: فضل اباد‎ also Romanized as Faẕlābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 55 families.
 Allahabad-e Olya (Persian: اله ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Allāhābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Allāhābād-e Bālā) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 874 in 181 families.
 Qaleh-ye Reyhaneh (Persian: قلعه ريحانه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Reyḩāneh and Qal‘eh-ye Reyhāneh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 38 families.
 Imırcık Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kish Mahalleh (Persian: كيش محله‎ also Romanized as Kīsh Maḩalleh; also known as Kīshmaḩalleh-ye Chushal) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 38 families.
 Sar Asiab (Persian: سراسياب‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Oostwold is a village in the municipality of Oldambt in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands. The village is home to the Oostwold Airport.
 Poręba [pɔˈrɛmba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Żarnów 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cruïlles is a village in the Baix Empordà now part of the municipality of Cruïlles Monells i Sant Sadurní de l'Heura which is the administrative center and location of City Hall. It was its own municipality until 1973 when it merged with Monells and Sant Sadurní de l'Heura to form the current municipality.In 2005 it was the second most populated village in the municipality after Puigventós with 250 inhabitants.
 Jeziorki [jɛˈʑɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Malo Laole is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality in Serbia.
 Barzuhandan (Persian: برزوهندان‎ also Romanized as Barzūhandān; also known as Barzūkhandān) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 556 in 125 families.
 Ash Shafa is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Posejanka [pɔsɛˈjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sejny and 109 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kozłowo [kɔˈzwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Drobin 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Płock and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Mowtowr-e Khoda Morad Khalqipur (Persian: موتورخدامرادخالقي پور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khodā Morād Khālqīpūr) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 15 families.
 Nedanamuiyeh (Persian: ندانموييه‎ also Romanized as Nedānamūīyeh; also known as Nedenū’īyeh Nūdūnū and Zedenū’īyeh) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Kand-e Bolaghi (Persian: كندبلاغي‎ also Romanized as Kand-e Bolāghī and Kand Bolāghī; also known as Gonbad Bolaghi Kand Bulākhe and Kand-e Bolāqī) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 47 families.
 Qaleh-ye Mir Ali (Persian: قلعه ميرعلي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Mīr Ālī and Qal‘eh-ye Mīr‘Alī) is a village in Gerit Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Muraka is a village in Tori Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Rozwadów [rɔzˈvaduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sarnaki 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Łosice and 132 km (82 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Laskownica Mała [laskɔvˈnit͡sa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Gołańcz 14 km (9 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 170.
 Sandakzehi-ye Pain (Persian: ساندكزهي پائين‎ also Romanized as Sāndakzehī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 67 families.
 Mõisaküla Torgu Parish is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Białobrzegi [bjawɔˈbʐɛɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Sterdyń 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Raqiyah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Yeşilhisar' is a village in the District of Hocalar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ma'dhar was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tiberias Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 12 1948 by the Golani Brigade of Operation Gideon. It was located 12.5 km southwest of Tiberias.
 Pasieki [paˈɕeki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Siemirowice [ɕɛmirɔˈvit͡sɛ] (Kashubian: Szemrejce) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Cewice 17 km (11 mi) south of Lębork and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk. There is a small school in Siemirowice. Students aged 6 to 12 years attend it.
 Hachakand-e Darmanlu (Persian: هاچاكنددرمانلو‎ also Romanized as Hāchākand-e Darmānlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 643 in 130 families.
 Dowr (Persian: دور‎ also Romanized as Dūr) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 75 families.
 Ludwikowo [ludviˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Brodnica 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Śrem and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 40.
 Bandar-e Shenas (Persian: بندرشناس‎ also Romanized as Bandar-e Shenās; also known as Bandar-e Shīās Shenās and Shīās) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1631 in 274 families.
 Jadwisin [jadˈviɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Łuków and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Almena is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 677 at the 2010 census.
 Korczyców [kɔrˈt͡ʂɨt͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gładysz' [ˈɡwadɨʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Biccavolu is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Kondo is a small village and seat of the commune of Ouro Ardo in the Cercle of Ténenkou in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.
 Dar Derafsh-e Qaleh (Persian: داردرفش قلعه‎ also Romanized as Dār Derafsh-e Qal‘eh) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 47 families.
 Bjordal is a village in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located along the Fuglsetfjorden an arm that branches off the main Sognefjorden to the south. The village sits about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of the village of Ortnevik and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south of the village of Kyrkjebø located on the north side of the fjord.
 Dehdaq (Persian: دهدق‎ also Romanized as Deh Daq; also known as Dāhdak Dehdagh and Dehdak) is a village in Bidak Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 746 in 204 families.
 Kajghuneh (Persian: كاج غونه‎ also Romanized as Kājghūneh and Kāzhghūneh) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 80 families.
 Lesica [lɛˈɕit͡sa] (German: Freiwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Suvaja is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 367 people.
 Deshaipet is a village in Warangal District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Grodziska [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Nowy Duninów 20 km (12 mi) west of Płock and 115 km (71 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Hinah (Arabic: حينة) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Hinah had a population of 1524 in the 2004 census.
 Khvajeh Hesar (Persian: خواجه حصار‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Ḩeşār; also known as Khājeh Ḩeşārī Khvājeh Ḩeşārī Khwajehsar and Kīveh Jīlar) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District Pish Khowr District Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 11 families.
 Kal Shab Ravan (Persian: كل شب روان‎ also Romanized as Kal Shab Ravān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Sirangahawatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bhanwar Kua is one of the posh residential locality within the largest city and commercial hub Indore Madhya Pradesh India. The area is named after the Bhanwar Kua temple in the city of IndorePostal Code: 452015Elected Member of the Legislative Assembly:Narendra Tomar[citation needed]
 Gerger-e Olya (Persian: گرگرعليا‎ also Romanized as Gerger-e ‘Olyā and Gar Gar-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gerger-e Bālā) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 115 families.
 Klepacze [klɛˈpat͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Choroszcz and 7 km (4 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an population of 945.The village is considered part of Metropolitan Białystok in order to help economically develop the region.
 Holavanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koratagere taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Aspö is a small village on the Aspö Island in Väståboland Finland. Until 2009 it belonged to the municipality of Korpo. Its Finnish-language name is Haapasaari although this name is seldom used. The village is known for its white limestone church that has a red brick roof. The current church was built in 1955–1956; however a church has existed in the place since the Middle Ages. The old church was destroyed in a storm in 1949.
 Koiduküla is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Khunabad (Persian: خون اباد‎ also Romanized as Khūnābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 22 families.
 Batıbelenören is a village in the District of Yenipazar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 118 people.
 Mohammadabad-e Deh Gavi (Persian: محمداباددهگاوي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Deh Gāvī; also known as Mohammad Ābād and Moḩammadābād-e Deh Gārī) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 619 in 165 families.
 Kolsk [kɔlsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bierzwnik 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mnin [mnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Słupia 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Końskie and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 640.
 Küçükburhaniye is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Galewice [ɡalɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in central Poland in Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship established in the 15th century. It was first mentioned in 1458 in Judicial Chronicles. The origin of the name Galewice is ambiguous. It either comes from a word Gal which means 'to serve' or it belonged to the first owners of the village an aristocratic family of Galewski (coat of arms Wierusz). It is the seat of the administrative district of Gmina Galewice.
 Kalb Ali Kandi (Persian: كلب علي كندي‎ also Romanized as Kalb ʿAlī Kandī and Kalb‘alī Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Shomalesharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Keezhthonnakkal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kishavisheh-ye Olya (Persian: كيشاويشه عليا‎ also Romanized as Kīshāvīsheh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Keshāvosheh Bālā and Keshāvosheh ‘Olyā) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1087 in 238 families.
 Shun Bacheh (Persian: شون بچه‎ also Romanized as Shūn Bacheh) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 13 families.
 Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Buchholz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Górowo Iławeckie 27 km (17 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Watre is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Ilpla is a village in Pihtla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kowańcz [ˈkɔvaɲt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Karlino 11 km (7 mi) west of Białogard and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pukarzów-Kolonia [puˈkaʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Połom Mały [ˈpɔwɔm ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwkowa within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Verdon is a village in Richardson County Nebraska United States. The population was 172 at the 2010 census.
 Khur (Persian: خور‎ also Romanized as Khūr) is a village in Nujin Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 45 families.
 Kahurabad (Persian: كهوراباد‎ also Romanized as Kahūrābād) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 40 families.
 Daniłowo [daniˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Małkinia Górna 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Marvan Kandi (Persian: مروان كندي‎ also Romanized as Marvān Kandī) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 324 in 63 families.
 Guneh-ye Gachuyi (Persian: گونه گاچوئي‎ also Romanized as Gūneh-ye Gāchūyī) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Wołkusz [ˈvɔu̯kuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Lipsk 38 km (24 mi) east of Augustów and 80 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Leziona [lɛˈʑɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Skalmierzyce 26 km (16 mi) east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 600.
 Akça is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 517 people.
 Abmal (Persian: ابمال‎ also Romanized as Ābmāl) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 106 families.
 Aldea San Juan is a village rural center and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina. It is located 42 km north of Gualeguaychú city and has a population of 466 inhabitants (INDEC 2001).The main local activity is agriculture and its the economy's driving force. It was founded by a group of Volgan immigrants. It has an Evangelical Temple a Lutheran Temple and Volgan descendants' associations.
 Sarchul (Persian: سرچول‎ also Romanized as Sarchūl) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Stare Zalesie [ˈstarɛ zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 70.
 Commerce is a former village in southern Alberta Canada within the County of Lethbridge. It was located within township 9 range 22 west of the fourth meridian northwest of the City of Lethbridge between the Village of Nobleford and the Town of Picture Butte. It was known as the Village of Coalgate from 1912 to 1913.
 Golcharmu (Persian: گل چرمو‎ also Romanized as Golcharmū) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 50 families.
 Vezmedar (Persian: وزمدر‎ also Romanized as Vezmādār and Vazmadar) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 27 families.
 Kambel-e Soleyman (Persian: كمبل سليمان‎ also Romanized as Kambel-e Soleymān; also known as Kambal Kambel and Kambel-e Bālā) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 703 in 143 families.
 Ab Talkhak (Persian: اب تلخک‎ also Romanized as Āb Talkhak; also known as Ābtalkhak) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 27 families.
 Bolbolu-ye Kalantar (Persian: بلبلوكلانتر‎ also Romanized as Bolbolū-e Kalāntar; also known as Bolbolū) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 41 families.
 Tongurlar is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 57 people.
 Cedar Rock is a village in Caldwell County North Carolina United States. The population was 315 at the 2000 census.
 Kowhan (Persian: كوهان‎ also Romanized as Kowhān and Kūhān; also known as Golshanābād Gūhān and Kahān) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 77 families.
 Kani Pankeh Qajer (Persian: كاني پانكه قاجر‎ also Romanized as Kānī Pānkeh Qājer; also known as Kāni Panka Kānī Pānkeh Kānī Pankeh-ye Tājer and Kānī Ponkeh Tājer) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 12 families.
 Badlu (Persian: بادلو‎ also Romanized as Bādlū Badlū Bādellū and Bādelū) is a village in Qaflankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 22 families.
 Sauzal Bonito is a village and municipality in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.
 al-Walaja or Al Walaja (Arabic: الولجة‎) is a Palestinian village in the West Bank four kilometers northwest of Bethlehem City. It is an enclave in the Seam Zone near the Green Line. al-Walaja is partly under the jurisdiction of the Bethlehem Governorate and partly of the Jerusalem Municipality.
 Godlewo Warsze [ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈvarʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kolonia Piszczac I is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Piszczac 21 km (13 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 160.
 Čipalje is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 144 people.
 Tamsi is a village and a Mandal in Adilabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Saadatabad (Persian: سعادتاباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādatābād; also known as Sa‘adat Abad Sarvestan) is a village in Kuhenjan Rural District Kuhenjan District Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 64 families.
 Tuli (Persian: تولي‎ also Romanized as Tūlī; also known as Talū) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 621 in 103 families.
 Orzeszków [ɔˈʐɛʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wartkowice 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gurtork (Persian: گورترك‎ also Romanized as Gūrtork; also known as Gūrtorj) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Al-'Abbasiyya (Arabic: العبْاسِيّة‎ also known as al-Yahudiya Arabic: اليهودية‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Jaffa Subdistrict. It was attacked under Operation Hametz during the 1948 Palestine War and finally depopulated under Operation Dani. It was located 13 km east of Jaffa. Some of the remains of al-Yahudiya can be found today in the centre of the modern Israeli city of Yehud.
 Kıyaslar is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 186 people.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Borek Wielkopolski 13 km (8 mi) east of Gostyń and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chagherbit-e Bala (Persian: چغربيت بالا‎ also Romanized as Chagherbīt-e Bālā; also known as Jowgharbīt and Joghrbīt) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Kuhjavere is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish Viljandi County in Estonia. It has a population of 68 (as of 2009).Eastern part of the village is occupied by the Parika Bog which also includes several lakes like Parika Väikejärv.
 Albu Hesar (Persian: البوحصار‎ also Romanized as Albū Ḩeşār; also known as Majīd) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 625 in 92 families.
 Puduneh (Persian: پودونه‎ also Romanized as Pūdūneh; also known as Pūdīneh) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kursi is a village in Puurmani Parish Jõgeva County in Estonia. It's located about 4 km (2 mi) northeast of Puurmani the administrative centre of the municipality by the Pedja River. Kursi has a population of 54 (as of 10 April 2006).
 Blasdell is a village in Erie County New York United States. The population was 2553 according to the year 2010 census. The name is derived from Herman Blasdell the first station master of the Erie and Pennsylvania railroad depot. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.The Village of Blasdell lies in the northern part of the Town of Hamburg and is due south of Buffalo New York and the City of Lackawanna.
 Sahand-e Olya (Persian: سهندعليا‎ also Romanized as Sahand-e ‘Olyā and Sahand Olya) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 974 in 231 families.
 Bhatapanahalli (Kannada: ಭಟಪನಹಳ್ಳಿ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.Bhatapanahalli is 14 km from Kuknoor and 18 km from Gadag. Bhatapanahalli can be reached by Gadag-Kuknoor route via Harlapur-Binnal.
 Chega (Persian: چگا‎ also Romanized as Chegā‘; also known as Chegāh) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 31 families.
 Trząs [tʂɔ̃s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluki within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kluki 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 235.
 Bar Aftab (Persian: برافتاب‎ also Romanized as Bar Āftāb) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 118 families.
 Deh Now Pirjed (Persian: دهنوپيرجد‎ also Romanized as Deh Now Pīrjed) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 762 in 169 families.
 Abod is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county Hungary.
 Esfahanak (Persian: اصفهانك‎ also Romanized as Eşfahānak and Isfahānak) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Shahrbon (Persian: شهربن‎) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 39 families.
 Gaguda is a mid sized village located in the Sojat Mandal Pali District Rajasthan State in India. It has a population of about 1764 persons living in around 345 households. Gaguda is 14.2 km distance from its Mandal Main Town Sojat.
 Aq Qabaq-e Sofla (Persian: اق قباق سفلي‎ also Romanized as Āq Qabāq-e Soflá; also known as Āq Qabāq) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 872 in 159 families.
 Ostrowite [ɔstrɔˈvitɛ] (German: Ebensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lniano 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Świecie and 47 km (29 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 La Loche is a northern village in northwest Saskatchewan. It is located on Highway 155 on the eastern shore of Lac La Loche in Canada's boreal forest. It is located within the Northern Saskatchewan Administration District.Bordering La Loche to the north and reached via Highway 955 is the Clearwater River Dene Nation with a population of 778 people. Together with the 2611 residents of La Loche the area holds about 30 percent of the Dene Suline speakers of Canada.
 Smoliska [smɔˈliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżec within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Bełżec 9 km (6 mi) south of Tomaszów Lubelski and 115 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Maraghan (Persian: مراغان‎ also Romanized as Marāghān; also known as Margan) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 384 in 78 families.
 Rochan (Persian: رچان‎ also Romanized as Rochān; also known as Rojān Roochoon Olya Roochoon Sofla Rūjūn and Rūtshūn) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 29 families.
 Conna (Irish: Conaithe) is a village of some 300 inhabitants in County Cork Ireland. It is situated on the River Bride not far from the town of Fermoy. The village contains several pubs a shop a post office a Roman Catholic church and a nearby Church of Ireland chapel. The village is dominated by Conna castle a five-story tower house situated on a limestone outcrop near the river.
 Huta [ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lututów 28 km (17 mi) east of Wieruszów and 80 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Uduwela Udagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dubeshk (Persian: دوبشك‎ also Romanized as Dūbeshḵ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Palk Gardel (Persian: پلك گردل‎) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Al-Salihiyah (Arabic: الصالحية‎; also spelled Salhiyé) is a town in eastern Syria administratively part of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate located on the eastern bank of the Euphrates River south of Deir ez-Zor. Nearby localities include al-Asharah Mayadin and Muhassan to the north and Hajin and al-Jalaa to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics al-Salihiyah had a population of 4471 in the 2004 census.
 Anjineh-ye Ebrahim-e Shomali (Persian: انجينه ابراهيم شمالي‎ also Romanized as Ānjīneh-ye Ebrāhīm-e Shomālī; also known as Ānjīneh-ye Ebrāhīm and Anjīneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 70 families.
 Stanisławka [staniˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sitno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Zamość and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dacharzów [daˈxaʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wilczyce 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Sandomierz and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 190.
 Chhataul is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3437 people living in 610 individual households.
 Popovi (Cyrillic: Попови) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rehemäe is a village in Nissi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Mowtowr-e Emanollah (Persian: موتورامان اله‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Emānollah) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gostyczyn [ɡɔsˈtɨt͡ʂɨn] (German: Gastingen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Arogyavaram a town and village in the district of Chittoor Andhra Pradesh India.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Galugah County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 70 families.
 Baylar (Persian: بايلر‎ also Romanized as Bāylar) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1398 in 282 families.
 Travnik Bulgaria is a village in Kavarna Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Abr (Persian: ابر‎; also known as Abz) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1383 in 355 families.
 Salavere is a village in Pihtla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Podzamcze [pɔˈd͡zamt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kamieńczyce [kamjɛɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Miechów and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 80.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Koło and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 270.
 Płociczno-Osiedle [pwɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂnɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Suwałki and 103 km (64 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 500.
 Kandsar-e Bibalan (Persian: كندسربي بالان‎ also Romanized as Kandsar-e Bībālān) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1042 in 290 families.
 Tavan Dasht-e Olya (Persian: تواندشتعليا‎ also Romanized as Tavān Dasht-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tavān Dasht Tavāndasht-e Bālā and Tawān Dasht) is a village in Malmir Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 101 families.
 Grabostów [ɡraˈbɔstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zelów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kojaabad (Persian: كجااباد‎ also Romanized as Kojāābād; also known as Gujavār Kajābād Kajvān Kojābād Kojavār Kojovār and Kyudzhuvar) is a village in Aji Chay Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5661 in 1498 families.
 Balumeh (Persian: بالومه‎ also Romanized as Bālūmeh) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Koziki [kɔˈʑiki] (German: Kozycken (1938-45:Selmenthöhe)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rekowo Lęborskie [rɛˈkɔvɔ lɛmˈbɔrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 10 km (6 mi) north of Lębork and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 243.
 Pierwoszyno [pjɛrvɔˈʂɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosakowo within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Kosakowo 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Puck and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 718.
 Barcikowice [bart͡ɕikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 160.
 Rokszyce [rɔkˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Biała Rawska 15 km (9 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Garmeh (Persian: گرمه‎) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 32 families.
 Oreškovica is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality in Serbia.
 Kerva (Persian: كروا‎ also Romanized as Kervā; also known as Bālā Gervā-ye ‘Olyā Bālā Karvā and Bālā Kervā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 137 families.
 Pain Lamuk (Persian: پايين لموك‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Lamūk) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 529 in 147 families.
 Gurchin (Persian: گورچين‎ also Romanized as Gūrchīn; also known as Gogarchīn and Gowgar Chīn) is a village in Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 727 in 119 families.
 Zabłotce [zaˈbwɔtt͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Заболотці Zabolottsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Radymno 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Jarosław and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 420.
 Siggerud is a village in the municipality of Ski Norway just a few kilometres away from the border of the municipality of Oslo where most of Siggerud's population work. Its population (2005) is 1353 but probably over 2000 if you count the area around. Siggerud is a small place but has recently hosted a number of celebrities some of which are known outside Norway. The most famous is probably Lasse Kjus who won the alpine World Cup twice.
 Budy Poryckie [ˈbudɨ pɔˈrɨt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Stawiski 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Kolno and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 90.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Bhatnaganur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Lukare is a village in Novi Pazar Serbia. Its population is 489 with 452 Bosniaks.
 Khosravan-e Sofla (Persian: خسروان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khosravān-e Soflá) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District Khenejin District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 45 families.
 Makosieje [makɔˈɕejɛ] (German: Makoscheyen 1938–1945 Ehrenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Kalinowo 13 km (8 mi) east of Ełk and 135 km (84 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Antoninów [antɔˈɲinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Biała Rawska 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Walala Eastern Province is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Garraveh-ye Esmail (Persian: گراوه اسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Garrāveh-ye Esmāʿīl; also known as Garāveh Garāwa and Garrāveh-ye Yek) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District (Kermanshah Province) in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 41 families.
 Sharafkand (Persian: شرفكند‎) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 22 families.
 Ulikowo [uliˈkɔvɔ] (German: Wulkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 564.
 Głodowo [ɡwɔˈdɔvɔ] (German: Gloddow; Kashubian: Głodowò) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of Bytów and 100 km (62 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city and port of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 106.
 Dar Eshgaft (Persian: دراشگفت‎) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 103 families.
 Vastja is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Gornji Lipovac is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 90 people.
 Khorramabad-e Olya (Persian: خرم اباد عليا‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shahveh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1098 in 222 families.
 Wodziany [vɔˈd͡ʑanɨ] (German Wodigehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Małdyty 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Band Dar (Persian: بنددر‎) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 32 families.
 Kıyıklar is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 189 people.
 Melove is a village in the municipality of Gjerbës in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Gonbad (Persian: گنبد‎) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 957 in 138 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Yusefian (Persian: تلمبه يوسفيان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Yūsefīān) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Słowik [ˈswɔvʲik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Siewierz 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Będzin and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 89.
 Pieńki [ˈpjɛɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) west of Włodawa and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tržac (Serbian: Тржац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 241 people.
 Manavalassery is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Stogi [ˈstɔɡi] (German Heubuden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Malbork and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Chah-e Qabri (Persian: چاه قبري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Qabrī and Chāh Qabrī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 14 families.
 Malsaidi-ye Sofla (Persian: مال سيدي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mālsa‘īdī-ye Soflá) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 13 families.
 Gidle [ˈɡidlɛ] is a village in Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gidle. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Radomsko and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź. In 2007 the village had a population of 1540.Previous names: Gidzielice Gidżle.Site of a Dominican monastery with a chapel of the miraculous figure of Our Lady.
 Nowodwór [nɔˈvɔdvur] is a village in Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nowodwór. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Ryki and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 539.
 Wikielec [viˈkʲɛlɛt͡s] (German: Winkelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Iława and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 577.
 Belenpınar is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Muhovac is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 570 people.
 Berkovina (Cyrillic: Берковина) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Han Pijesak.
 Kalari (Persian: كالري‎ also Romanized as Kālarī) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz (Persian: امامزاده عبدالعزيز‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh ʿAbdol ʿAzīz; also known as Emāmzādeh ‘Abdollāh and Emāmzādeh Shāhzādeh ‘Abdollāh) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2297 in 591 families.
 Banaveh (Persian: بناوه‎ also Romanized as Banāveh; also known as Banāvīyeh) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 20 families.
 Bratków [ˈbratkuf] (German: Blumberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech and German borders. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Bogatynia 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Zgorzelec and 148 kilometres (92 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chomizna [xɔˈmizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Tak Dam (Persian: تكدام‎ also Romanized as Tak Dām) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Ivkovački Prnjavor is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 102 people.
 Sibley is a village in Jackson County Missouri United States. The population was 357 at the 2010 census. It is known as the home of Fort Osage National Historic Landmark.
 Gostkowo [ɡɔstˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Szulborze Wielkie 24 km (15 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 106 km (66 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Neza-e Sofla (Persian: نزاع سفلي‎ also Romanized as Nezā‘-e Soflá) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abu Zurayq was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict of Mandatory Palestine situated near Wadi Abu Zurayq. It was depopulated on April 12–13 during and after the Battle of Mishmar HaEmek of the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine.In 1945 it had a population of 550. Paleolithic stone tools have been found in Tell Abu Zreiq within the former village lands as well as the remains of a Bronze Age farmhouse.
 Bagh Savya (Persian: باغ ساويا‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Sāvyā; also known as Bāgh Sāybā) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stary Koniecpol [ˈstarɨ kɔˈɲet͡spɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Koniecpol 37 km (23 mi) east of Częstochowa and 75 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 684.
 Borj (Persian: برج‎) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 50 families.
 Yenki Kand-e Mirza Almasi (Persian: ينكي كندميرزاالماسي‎ also Romanized as Yenkī Kand-e Mīrzā Almāsī; also known as Bangī Kand-e Almāsī Yangikand Yangī Kand Almās Yangī Kand-e Almās Yangī Kand-e Mīrzā Yangī Kand Mīrzā Almās and Yengī Kand-e Almāsī) is a village in Golabar Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 47 families.
 Potoka [pɔˈtɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Michałowo and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Moqitalu (Persian: مقيطالو‎ also Romanized as Moqītālū Meqī Ţālū and Meqīţālū; also known as Moghitaloo Mowqatez Mugaiz Mukatel’ Mūqatel and Mūqātol) is a village in Anzal-e Shomali Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 15 families.
 Vršovka is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Akköy is a village in the Didim district of Aydın Province Turkey situated near the western coast just south of İzmir. It is named after its white stone houses (ak is Turkish for white köy means village).The village of Akköy is close to the ruins of the ancient city of Miletus.It lies just to the south of the Büyük Menderes river delta.
 Furkhas (Persian: فورخاص‎ also Romanized as Fūrkhāş) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 73 families.
 Tarnawiec [tarˈnavʲɛt͡s] (Ukrainian: Тернавець Ternavets’) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuryłówka within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Kuryłówka 4 km (2 mi) north-east of Leżajsk and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 270.
 Sahlabad (Persian: سهل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sahlābād and Sehlābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 85 families.
 Żmijewo-Zagroby [ʐmiˈjɛvɔ zaˈɡrɔbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Troszyn 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 103 km (64 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Lipa [ˈlipa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pułtusk and 60 km (37 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Karahamzalı is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Port Byron is a village in Cayuga County New York United States. The population was 1290 at the 2010 census. The village is believed to be named after Lord Byron[citation needed].The Village of Port Byron is in the Town of Mentz and is north of Auburn New York.The local school is the Port Byron Central School District. Byron Minnesota a small town in southeastern Minnesota was named after Port Byron New York the name being suggested by George W.
 Mugdumpally is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Zdrójno [ˈzdrui̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Osieczna 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Brezovice (Cyrillic: Брезовице) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Szynych [ˈʂɨnɨx] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 43 km (27 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 340.
 Grand Beach is a village in Berrien County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 272 at the 2010 census. The village is within New Buffalo Township on the shore of Lake Michigan near to the Michigan-Indiana border.
 Kovačići (Cyrillic: Ковачићи) is a village in the municipality of Kladanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Grodziszczany [ɡrɔd͡ʑiˈʂt͡ʂanɨ] formerly known as Grodzisk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dąbrowa Białostocka 27 km (17 mi) north of Sokółka and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Givad Khater (Persian: گيودختر‎ also Romanized as Gīvad Khater) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 24 families.
 Tytsjerk (Dutch: Tietjerk ) is a small village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands. It had a population of 1539 on December 31 2007.
 Sanjuh (Persian: سنجوه‎ also Romanized as Sanjūh) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 90 families.
 Kashkevar (Persian: كشكور‎) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 42 families.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Puntas de Valdez is a village in the San José Department of southern Uruguay.
 Bożęcin [bɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wilczyce 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Sandomierz and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 80.
 Amir Salar-e Sofla (Persian: اميرسالارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Amīr Sālār-e Soflá) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Farran (Irish: An Fearann) is a village in County Cork Ireland in the parish of Ovens. It lies on the southside of the River Lee. Farran is 12 miles (19 km) west from Cork City on the N22 road.The village has a primary school rainbow creche and Farran Montessori school. A churchCommunity hall hair salon and various B&Bs add to the amenities of the area while Kilcrea Abbey and Kilcrea Castle are historical sites still visited by tourists and locals alike.
 Widowo [viˈdɔvɔ] (Ukrainian: Видово Vydovo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bielsk Podlaski and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ostrężna [ɔsˈtrɛ̃ʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Przeworno 13 km (8 mi) south of Strzelin and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Grzybów [ˈɡʐɨbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wadowice Górne 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Mielec and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Koźmin [ˈkɔʑmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Skarszewy 16 km (10 mi) west of Starogard Gdański and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 491.
 Szczepanowice [ʂt͡ʂɛpanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleśna within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Pleśna 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 1550.
 Żelazowice [ʐɛlazɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Białaczów 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Błaziny Górne [bwaˈʑinɨ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Iłża 30 km (19 mi) south of Radom and 122 km (76 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Zábřezí-Řečice is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kębłowice [kɛmbwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Naruszewo 17 km (11 mi) south of Płońsk and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kukle [ˈkuklɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Giby 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Sejny and 105 km (65 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Uhryń [ˈuxrɨɲ] (Ukrainian: Угринь Uhryn’) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Łabowa 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Nowy Sącz and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Qohestan (Persian: قهستان‎ also Romanized as Qohestān) is a village in Qohestan Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2451 in 674 families.
 Ouéllah-Tayfa is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 844.
 Side Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Zawadka [zaˈvatka] (Ukrainian: Завадка Zavadka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne within Bieszczady County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Qaleh Chogha (Persian: قلعه چغا‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Choghā) is a village in Khorram Makan Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 655 in 151 families.
 Męcinka [mɛnˈt͡ɕinka] (German: Herrmannsdorf) is a village in Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Męcinka. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Jawor and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Stepniczka [stɛpˈnit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 225.
 Sarand (Persian: سارند‎ also Romanized as Sārand) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 25 families.
 Shamsabad-e Matamad (Persian: شمس ابادمعتمد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād-e Maʿtamad; also known as Shamsābād and Shamsābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Frączków [ˈfrɔnt͡ʂkuf] (German Franczdorff) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Rusalina (Bulgarian: Русалина) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 187.721 kilometres (116.644 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 2.317 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 13 people.
 Binyuro is a village in the Commune of Vyanda in Bururi Province in southern Burundi. By road it is located 21 kilometres southeast of Bururi and 12.6 kilometres northwest of Vyanda and south of Muyuga.
 Mokrz [mɔkʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Wronki 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rozdoły [rɔzˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Majków Mały [ˈmai̯kuf ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Grabica 24 km (15 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Grodna [ˈɡrɔdna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Grzegorzew 13 km (8 mi) east of Koło and 131 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Deh-e Ahmad Hajji (Persian: ده احمدحاجي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Aḩmad Ḩājjī; also known as Dar-e Aḩmad Ḩājjī) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District it is most likely a rural farming village without modern agricultural equipment. Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Asiab Sar (Persian: اسيابسر‎ also Romanized as Āsīāb Sar) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 29 families.
 Armutlu is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Andarun-e Bid Anjir (Persian: اندرون بيدانجير‎ also Romanized as Andarūn-e Bīd Ānjīr; also known as Andarūn) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 20 families.
 Bełk [bɛu̯k] (German: Belk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwionka-Leszczyny within Rybnik County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Czerwionka-Leszczyny 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Rybnik and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 3358.
 Dizaj-e Shur (Persian: ديزج شور‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Shūr; also known as Dīzaj) is a village in Ardalan Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Kobylin [kɔˈbɨlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Grójec and 38 km (24 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kłobia [ˈkwɔbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Świątki and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 55.
 Balu (Persian: بلو‎ also Romanized as Balū; also known as Bahlad and Bahlū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stupsk [stupsk] is a village in Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stupsk. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Mława and 98 km (61 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Dobra [ˈdɔbra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Bulkowo 28 km (17 mi) east of Płock and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Java is a village on São Tomé Island in the nation of São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Mokh Sukhteh (Persian: مخ سوخته‎ also Romanized as Mokh Sūkhteh and Mokhsūkhteh) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tamirisa (Telugu: తమిరిస) is a village in Nandivada mandal of Krishna district Andhra Pradesh India.Indian Parliamentarian Maganti Ankineedu & Busanaboina Srinivasarao was born in this village.
 Pawłowo Żońskie [paˈvwɔvɔ ˈʐɔɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 350.
 Sufilar (Persian: صوفي لار‎ also Romanized as Şūfīlār) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 300 in 54 families.
 Lavardeh (Persian: لاورده‎ also Romanized as Lāvardeh) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 51 families.
 Kirazcık is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 112 people.
 Ebrahim Beygi (Persian: ابراهيم بيگي‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Beygī) is a village in Tankaman Rural District Tankaman District Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 692 in 184 families.
 Ab Bid (Persian: اب بيد‎ also Romanized as Āb Bīd) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Horeszkowice [xɔrɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Svračkovo is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 222 people.
 Rudaw [ˈrudaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechocin within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 26 km (16 mi) east of Toruń.
 Madarihat (Bengali: মাদারিহাট Nepali: मदारीहाट) is a small village located in the Alipurduar subdivision of Jalpaiguri district West Bengal India. This village is situated on the outskirts of Jaldapara National Park which is famous for Indian rhinoceros. This is one of the main tourist spot in North Bengal surrounded by tea gardensforestshill and small rivers and also having a great diversity in the population.Madarihat is also world famous for the local wooden furniture.
 Aliabad-e Kahak (Persian: علي ابادكهك‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kahak; also known as ‘Alīābād  ‘Alīābād-e Kahak Rūd ‘Alīābād-e Sar Bīsheh and Ali Abad Mo’men Abad) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 Haumonia is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Qezel Daraq (Persian: قزل درق‎; also known as Kyzyldara Qezel Darreh and Qizildara) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 41 families.
 Harmancık is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Huba [ˈxuba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czorsztyn within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Maniowy 16 km (10 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village of Huba Poland is one of the smallest Podhalanian villages.
 Abardeh-ye Olya (Persian: ابرده عليا‎ also Romanized as Abardeh-ye ‘Olyā and Abardeh ‘Olyā; also known as Abar Deh-e Bālā Abardeh and Abardeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2152 in 630 families.
 Przytoka [pʂɨˈtɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kałuszyn 14 km (9 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 52 km (32 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 140.
 Bashgan (Persian: بشگان‎ also Romanized as Bashgān; also known as Būshkān) is a village in Banesh Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 31 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Kowsari (Persian: مزرعه كوثري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Kows̄arī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Staré Heřminovy is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zapędowo [zapɛnˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Czersk 20 km (12 mi) east of Chojnice and 90 km (56 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 202.
 Ladpura is a village in Nagaur district of Rajasthan state in northwestern India about 15 km west Pushkar and 26 km west of Ajmer. The village falls under the Riyan Bari sub division and Degana Tehsil.
 Dasht-e Vel (Persian: دشت ول‎) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 14 families.
 Swojęcin [sfɔˈjɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Żuromin and 118 km (73 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Emadiyeh (Persian: عماديه‎ also Romanized as ‘Emādīyeh) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mila Gerd (Persian: ميلاگرد‎ also Romanized as Mīlā Gerd; also known as Mīlāgird) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 622 in 133 families.
 Rasta is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Stolac (Serbian: Столац) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Suq al layl is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Kulin is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the census of 2002 there were 731 people living in the village. In the census of 1991 there were 764 inhabitants. The village has 81 households and the average number of persons per household is 2.69.
 Szakácsi is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. Szakácsi has 150 inhabitants and is situated on either side of the Vadasz-patak (stream) against the hills. It has two churches (Catholic and Reformatory) a village house a shop for basic necessities a slow food restaurant a bus and two flocks of sheep.
 Sri Avadhuth Kasinayana is a village and a mandal in Kadapa district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Sheykh Sharbati (Persian: شيخ شربتي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Sharbatī and Shaikh Sharbati) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 45 families.
 Ayjan (Persian: ايجان‎ also Romanized as Ayjān Ejān and Eyjān; also known as Ichān and Īshān) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1161 in 332 families.
 Joniny [jɔˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryglice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Ryglice 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Tarnów and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Lir (Persian: لير‎ also Romanized as Līr) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Pedacherlopalle is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Main Villages in this Mandal are Vengalaya PalliVepagumpalleDivakarapuramPeda IrlapaduMittapallechirukurivari pallitalakondapaduDesireddy Palli etc
 Talkhab-e Ahmadi (Persian: تلخاب احمدي‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Aḩmadī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 22 families.
 Topa is a village in Mendhar Tehsil Poonch district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 the Battle of Topa was fought here by 5 Gorkha Rifles.
 Varambally or Varamballi is a surname of a small group of Brahmin family. Varambally is believed to have migrated from Kerala. But recent studies say otherwise. The truth is yet to come to light. The name Varambally their practices their temple which is called Garadi (situated in Uppinakote Udupi district) resemble Kerala's traditions and practices. It is believed that Varambally were priests to a goddess temple.
 Golehin (Persian: گلهين‎ also Romanized as Golehīn and Gelehīn; also known as Kalin) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 49 families.
 Çamlıbel is a village in the District of Finike Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ghomijeh (Persian: غميجه‎ also Romanized as Ghomījeh) is a village in Neysan Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 9 families.
 İnceboğaz is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Hashtijan (Persian: هشتيجان‎ also Romanized as Hashtījān and Hashteyjān) is a village in Rahmat Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 113 families.
 Mieszki-Bardony [ˈmjɛʂki barˈdɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ulicoten is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is a part of the municipality of Baarle-Nassau and is situated about 16 km south of Breda.In 2001 the village of Ulicoten had 373 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.14 km² and contained 142 residences.The statistical area Ulicoten which also can include the peripheral parts of the village as well as the surrounding countryside has a population of around 1110.
 Sar Asiab-e Landeh (Persian: سراسياب لنده‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Landeh; also known as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1007 in 187 families.
 Maung Te is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Toukoroba is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Banamba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 17 villages.
 Shahqoli Kandi (Persian: شاهقلي كندي‎ also Romanized as Shāhqolī Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 33 families.
 Emad Avar (Persian: عمادآور‎ also Romanized as ‘Emād Āvar; also known as ‘Emād Āvard Emād Āvard and Aḩmad-e Vard) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 842 in 220 families.
 Khambarabad (Persian: خمبرآباد‎ also Romanized as Khambarābād) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 88 families.
 Gurkani (Persian: گوركاني‎ also Romanized as Gūrkānī) is a village in Horjand Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 50 families.
 Sinhapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gujjadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kundapura taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Hiyadala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dastgerd-e Mehr Avaran (Persian: دستگردمهراوران‎ also Romanized as Dastgerd-e Mehr Āvarān; also known as Dastgerd and Dastjerd-e Mehr Āvarān) is a village in Garkan Rural District Garkan-e Jonubi District Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1004 in 273 families.
 Ciemierów-Kolonia [t͡ɕɛˈmjɛruf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Barzykowo [baʐɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Stawiski 13 km (8 mi) east of Kolno and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 195.
 Osmanbükü is a village in the District of İncirliova Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1088 people.
 Chamlar (Persian: چملر‎) is a village in Heyran Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 48 families.
 Darkhoveyn (Persian: دارخوين‎ also Romanized as Dārkhoveyn and Dārkhovīn; also known as Dār Khūyeh Darkhwin Daurat al Qaiwain Dorquain and Kūt ol ‘Abīd) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2766 in 523 families.Darkhoveyn is the site of a nuclear facility.
 Ubrangala is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Gložane is a village in the municipality of Svilajnac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1017 people.
 Sokołowo [sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 34 km (21 mi) east of Toruń.
 Ziberan (Persian: زيبران‎ also Romanized as Zīberān) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Głażewo [ɡwaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Unisław within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Chełmno 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Toruń and 29 km (18 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 125.
 Nureh (Persian: نوره‎ also Romanized as Nūreh Naureh and Navareh) is a village in Arandan Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 212 families.
 Deraz (Persian: دراز‎ also Romanized as Derāz) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 23 families.
 Zira'a (Arabic: زراعة‎ also spelled Zerraa Zirhagh or Zar'a) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located southwest of Homs. Situated on a hill just east of the Orontes River nearby localities include Rableh to the immediate southwest al-Qusayr to the north Jandar to the northeast and Hisyah to the southeast. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Zira'a had a population of 2250 in the 2004 census.
 Zazdrość [ˈzazdrɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Iława and 77 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Qezel Tappeh (Persian: قزل تپه‎) is a village in Korani Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 44 families.
 Sitalpati is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3292 people living in 595 individual households.
 Rërëzë is a village in the municipality of Kutalli in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Vladojevići is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jolgeh-ye Khalaj-e Olya (Persian: جلگه خلج عليا‎ also Romanized as Jolgeh-ye Khalaj-e ‘Olyā; also known as Jolgeh Khalaj Jolgeh-ye Khalaj and Jolgeh-ye Khalaj-e Bālā) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 761 in 182 families.
 Namkasa is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Lali is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3005 people living in 528 individual households.
 Cabañas is a village and consejo popular of the municipality of Mariel in the Artemisa Province on the northeast coast in western Cuba.
 Edgar is a village in Marathon County Wisconsin United States. It is part of the Wausau Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1479 at the 2010 census. Edgar has maintained Tree City USA standing since 1995.
 Pęzy [ˈpɛ̃zɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Mogh Jangan (Persian: مغ جنگان‎ also Romanized as Mogh Jangān; also known as Mogh Changān) is a village in Kangan Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 40 families.
 Gerdakaneh (Persian: گردكانه‎ also Romanized as Gerdakāneh; also known as Kerdeh Kohneh Gerdeh Kohneh and Gerdeh Koneh) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 49 families.
 Solami (Persian: سلمي‎ also Romanized as Solamī; also known as Solameh) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 46 families.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) north of Wołomin and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Marcinkowo Dolne [mart͡ɕiŋˈkɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Gąsawa 9 km (6 mi) south of Żnin and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 84.
 Gowd-e Hadi (Persian: گودهادي‎ also Romanized as Gowd-e Hādī) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 5 families.
 Metsaküla is a village in Türi Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Smrock-Kolonia [ˈsmrɔt͡sk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Szelków 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 70 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kachalun (Persian: كچلون‎ also Romanized as Kachalūn) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 27 families.
 Sveštica is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1258 people.
 Eluvapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād) is a village in Koleyn Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Mastan (Persian: سرمستان‎ also Romanized as Sar Mastān; also known as Sarvestān and Sarvistān) is a village in Abdan Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 93 families.
 Bestwin [ˈbɛstfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zduny 11 km (7 mi) west of Krotoszyn and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sambórz [ˈsambuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Burzenin 16 km (10 mi) south of Sieradz and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zar Dasht (Persian: زردشت‎) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 72 families.
 Ruzbeh Qahrman (Persian: روزبه قهرمان‎ also Romanized as Rūzbeh Qahrmān; also known as ʿAlī Moḩammad Ḩasāmī) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 China Merangi is a village Jiyyammavalasa mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh India.There is a post office at Merangi. The PIN code is 535 526.
 Edlapadu is a village and a mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Ilan (Persian: ايلان‎ also Romanized as Īlān) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 8 families.
 Trzetrzewina [tʂɛtʂɛˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Chełmiec 8 km (5 mi) west of Nowy Sącz and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1670.
 Kanam is a small place in Kottayam district of Kerala. It is approximately 25 km from Kottayam Town on the way to Kumily road 2 km from Kodungoor Junction (Vazhoor).
 Ab Surakh (Persian: اب سوراخ‎ also Romanized as Āb Sūrākh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 9 families.
 Bråtesletta is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Chah-e Amiq Khaneh Naqi (Persian: چاه عميق خانه نقي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Khāneh Naqī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kal-e Hoseyna (Persian: كال حسينا‎ also Romanized as Kāl-e Ḩoseynā) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 16 families.
 Jabłonka [jaˈbwɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Sarahuni Seyyed Mohammad Qoli (Persian: سراهوني سيدمحمدقلي‎ also Romanized as Sarāhūnī Seyyed Moḩammad Qolī) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 13 families.
 Ketel Emamzadeh Hashem (Persian: كتل امامزاده هاشم‎ also Romanized as Ketel Emāmzādeh Hāshem; also known as Emāmzādeh Hāshem) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Goramjan (Persian: گرامجان‎ also Romanized as Gorāmjān; also known as Gorāmjān va Salīmābād and Korāmjān) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1549 in 432 families.
 Qaleh Juq (Persian: قلعه جوق‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jūq; also known as Qal‘eh Joq) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 15 families.
 Kõliküla is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Yuvacık is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Raveh (Persian: راوه‎ also Romanized as Rāveh) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1510 in 366 families.
 Borzykowo [bɔʐɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Września and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ghaina is a village development committee in Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1659 people living in 338 individual households.
 Divalan (Persian: ديوالان‎ also Romanized as Dīvālān) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 426 in 72 families.
 Ścinawa Nyska [ɕt͡ɕiˈnava ˈnɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Korfantów 16 km (10 mi) east of Nysa and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 630.
 Tana bru (Northern Sami: Deanušaldi) is the administrative centre of Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village lies on the western bank of the Tana River along the European route E06 highway.
 Woskowice Górne [vɔskɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Namysłów and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mowtowr-e Ashayiri (Persian: موتورعشايري ( حمزه ائ )‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīrī; also known as Ḩamzehāy (Persian: حمزه ائ)) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 Gazab (Persian: گزاب‎ also Romanized as Gazāb) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 17 families.
 Shahabad (Persian: شاه اباد‎ also Romanized as Shāhābād) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Khan Hayati (Persian: خان حياطي‎ also Romanized as Khān Ḩayāţī) is a village in Chelevand Rural District Lavandevil District Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 82 families.
 ' Mangudi is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Zaborze [zaˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Karczmiska 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Trzebiec [ˈtʂɛbjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tychowo 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Białogard and 117 km (73 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 90.
 Zavoleh-ye Sofla (Persian: زاوله سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zāvoleh-ye Soflá; also known as Zavaleh Zāvoleh and Zāvoleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 29 families.
 Karadak is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 72 people.
 Rijeka (Serbian: Ријека) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Darisiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: دريسيه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Darīsīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Darīseh Darīsīyeh Darsīyeh Derīseh Dīrsīyeh and Drīsīyeh) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 566 in 88 families.
 Kozağaç is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Dębowiec [dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Szczytno and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 22.
 Mir Abdoli-ye Olya (Persian: ميرعبدلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Mīr ‘Abdolī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 11 families.
 Akdere is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Hosain Abad Hoomeh and Ḩoseynābād-e Ḩūmeh) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 539 in 140 families.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘īdābād; also known as Bīzhanābād-e Vosţá) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1436 in 291 families.
 Daraki (Persian: دركي‎ also Romanized as Darakī; also known as Darreh Kī) is a village in Kusalan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1643 in 343 families.
 Shahidan (Persian: شهيدان‎ also Romanized as Shahīdān) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 33 families.
 Charkhestaneh (Persian: چرخستانه‎ also Romanized as Charkhestāneh; also known as Chār Sāna Chār Sūna and Chowkhestāneh) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 30 families.
 Korbang Jhimpe is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 636.
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبداله اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Sefiddasht Rural District in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Slatina is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 629 people.
 Meelin (Irish: An Mhaoilinn) is a village in northern County Cork Ireland. At 251 metres (823 ft) above sea level Meelin claims to be the highest village in Ireland although Glencullen in County Dublin also claims to be the highest at about 251.5 metres (825 ft). The village is near the border with County Limerick and County Kerry.
 Blagojev Kamen is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 38 people.
 Manihatty (also known as B.Manihatty) is a Badaga village in the Nilgiri District of Tamil Nadu India. Manihatty is 16 km to the south west of Ooty the district capital of the Nilgiris. Manihatty consists of two hamlets: Kunna Hatty (Meaning Small village in native Badaga language) and Dodda Hatty (Big village). Kunna Hatty is the Ooru (a Ooru is a primary hatty supposedly built by the ancestors) while Dodda Hatty is a branch out from the Kunna Hatty.
 Saijuwal Takura is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3137 people living in 593 individual households.
 Mehrababad (Persian: محراب اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābābād) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Kulamanickam (West) is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.Kulamanickam is a beautiful village on the northern bank of river Kollidam (Coleroon). People of all faiths live in harmony and peace. There are two Elementary school ( U C School and St. Ignatius School) and one St. Ignatius High School.Kulamanickam and Sembiyekudi and twin villages which look like one big village. Both are separate Panjayats.
 Maruvathur is a village in Tiruchirappalli district Thuraiyur block in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.Maruvathur is located near the foothills of Pachaimalai eastern mountain range of Tamil Nadu. Maruvathur a clean ecological village is located 9 km north of Thuraiyur. This village is surrounded by Venkadathanur Sengaatupatti Kirambur Sellipalayam Renganathapuram and Krishnapuram.
 Chalma is a village (pueblo) in the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Chalma. In the 2005 INEGI Census the village of Chalma reported a total population of 2555.
 İlgazi is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Tupamari is a village in Kamrup rural district situated in south bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Beramsar (Persian: برامسر‎ also Romanized as Berāmsar) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 585 in 163 families.
 Pleśnik [ˈplɛɕnik] (German Plößenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Pniewo [ˈpɲevɔ] (German: Stobben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Węgorzewo and 87 km (54 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Vilsteren is a village in the municipality of Ommen in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is situated just off the left bank of the Vecht in between Dalfsen and Ommen about 17 kilometres east of the provincial capital of Zwolle.The village Vilsteren has a population of around 200. The statistical area Vilsteren which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 380.
 Zdunowice Małe [zdunɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sulęczyno 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Siwki [ˈɕifki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of Kolno and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 130.
 Qaleh Now-e Hajji Musa (Persian: قلعه نوحاجي موسي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Ḩājjī Mūsá Qal‘eh Now-e Ḩājj Mūsá Qal‘eh Now-e Ḩāj Mūsá Qal‘eh Now-ye Ḩaj Mūsá and Qal‘eh Now-ye Ḩa Mūsá) is a village in Aftab Rural District Aftab District Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 903 in 209 families.
 Talkhab (Persian: تلخاب‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb; also known as Talkhā) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 33 families.
 Sartang-e Barzeh (Persian: سرتنگ برزه‎ also known as Sar-e Tang) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 45 families.
 Łazek [ˈwazɛk] is a part of village Niemstów in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Tall-e Mohammad Reza (Persian: تل محمدرضا‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Moḩammad Reẕā) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ahmadun (Persian: احمدون‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadūn; also known as Aḩmadān) is a village in Fishvar Rural District Evaz District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Puthur is a village near the city of Palakkad in the Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.The central attraction of this village is the Puthur Thirupuraikkal Bhagavathy temple . This temple houses the Goddess Karnaki who is believed to be an incarnation of Goddess Parvathi. This temple is famous locally and attracts several thousands devotees every year to the Puthur-Vela festival.
 Tolombeh-ye Vahdat-e Seh (Persian: تلمبه وحدت 3‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Vaḥdat-e Seh) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 18 families.
 Chełmica Duża [xɛu̯ˈmit͡sa ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Fabianki 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Włocławek and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 1114.
 Ney Baghi (Persian: ني باغي‎ also Romanized as Ney Bāghī) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 496 in 98 families.
 Gościeszyn [ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕeʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wolsztyn and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 433.
 Guyjeh-ye Soltan (Persian: گويجه سلطان‎ also Romanized as Gūyjeh-ye Solţān Gowyjeh Solţān and Gowyjeh-ye Solţān; also known as Deija Sultān Deydzha-Sul’tan Deyjeh Solţān and Goyjeh Soltān) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 803 in 183 families.
 Gotane is a small village in the state of Maharashtra India. It is located in the Dhule taluka of Dhule District in Maharastra.
 Terepi is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Garma Poshteh (Persian: گرماپشته‎ also Romanized as Garmā Poshteh) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 78 families.
 Mend (Persian: مند‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1632 in 456 families.
 Olszowiec [ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pysznica 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Stalowa Wola and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 531.
 Akpınar is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Khubkuh (Persian: خوبكوه‎ also Romanized as Khūbḵūh) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sakarya Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 131 people.
 Rudka Starościańska [ˈrutka starɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uścimów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Chah-e Abadian (Persian: چاه عابديان‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿĀbadīān) is a village in Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Geysvarnusazi (Persian: گيسورنوسازي‎ also Romanized as Geysvarnūsāzī) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1341 in 363 families.
 Khoshk (Persian: خشك‎ also Romanized as Khoshg Khsohk and Khushk) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 737 in 305 families.
 Modła [ˈmɔdwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Słupia 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Skierniewice and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Skrzeszew E is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Memphis is a village in Saunders County Nebraska United States. The population was 114 at the 2010 census.
 Kusamalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Fulparasi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2355 people living in 440 individual households.
 Przecław [ˈpʂɛt͡swaf] (German: Prinzenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Szamotuły and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nwedan is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Łopatki [wɔˈpatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wąwolnica 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Puławy and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 450.
 Tamtam (Persian: تم تم‎) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 55 families.
 Zaradowiska [zaradɔˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wąbrzeźno and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Przechlewo 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 113 km (70 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 64.
 Akalkumpi Devadurga is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Devadurga taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Halvai (Persian: حلوائي‎ also Romanized as Ḩalvā’ī) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Boneh-ye Ati (Persian: بنه عاطي‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye ‘Āţī; also known as ‘Āţī) is a village in Kheybar Rural District Choghamish District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 33 families.
 Yurqunabad-e Sofla (Persian: يورقون ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Yūrqūnābād-e Soflá) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 44 families.
 Rešetnica is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sobiesęki Trzecie [sɔbjɛˈsɛnki ˈtʂɛt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Qaduneh-ye Sofla (Persian: قدونه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qadūneh-ye Soflá; also known as Qūdāneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 717 in 125 families.
 Krugły Lasek [ˈkruɡwɨ ˈlasɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Cheshmeh-ye Mohammadi (Persian: چشمه محمدي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Moḩammadī) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zglinna Duża [ˈzɡlinna ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowy Kawęczyn 12 km (7 mi) south of Skierniewice and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bujnowo [bui̯ˈnɔvɔ] (Ukrainian: Буйново Buinovo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hureczko [xuˈrɛt͡ʂkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Medyka within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Medyka 8 km (5 mi) east of Przemyśl and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Biman (Persian: بي من‎ also Romanized as Bīman) is a village in Vahdatiyeh Rural District Sadabad District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Saue-Putla is a village in Pihtla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Żuławka Sztumska [ʐuˈwafka ˈʂtumska] (German Posilge) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Ranasinkiteni is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2673 and had 493 houses in the town.
 Quinli (Persian: قوينلي‎ also Romanized as Qū’īnlī Qowyonlī and Qūnīlī) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1349 in 334 families.
 Zaker Kandi (Persian: ذاكركندي‎ also Romanized as Z̄āker Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 105 families.
 Daghi (Persian: داغي‎ also Romanized as Dāghī) is a village in Takab Rural District Kuhsorkh District Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 63 families.
 Wioska [ˈvʲɔska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Syców 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Buczynów [buˈt͡ʂɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Góra Kalwaria 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Piaseczno and 33 km (21 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Nel Buyi (Persian: نعل بويي‎ also Romanized as N‘el Būyī) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ligota Turawska [liˈɡɔta tuˈrafska] German Ellguth Turawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Turawa and 24 km (15 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 750.
 Inarwamal is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4534 persons living in 792 individual households.
 Benmar Sabalan (Persian: بنمارسبلان‎ also Romanized as Benmār-e Sabalān; also known as Bīnamār-e Sabalān and Benmār) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 104 families.
 Łączna [ˈwɔnt͡ʂna] (German: Raspenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Mieroszów 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Wałbrzych and 81 kilometres (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 140.
 Giełczyn [ˈɡʲɛu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Shahraki (Persian: شهركي‎ also Romanized as Shahrakī; also known as Deh-e Shahrakī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 18 families.
 Agasanal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Indi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Bansar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2556.
 Liruk (Persian: ليروک‎ also Romanized as Līrūk) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 34 families.
 Pojhi Buzurg (Hindi: पोझी बुजुर्ग/कपूर Urdu: پوجھ بجرگ / کپور ‎) is a village and part of Bhualpur Panchayat of Saran district Bihar India.
 Allur is a village in Srirangam taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India. The village is famous for the Panchanatheswarar Temple.
 Chahar Khanevar (Persian: چهارخانوار‎ also Romanized as Chahār Khānevār) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 12 families.
 Karkach Karmaiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4685 people living in 821 individual households.
 Wierzelin [vjɛˈʐɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ślesin 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Konin and 103 km (64 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 103.
 Deh-e Hasan (Persian: ده حسن‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩasan) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Zlatoustovo is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Nekujar (Persian: نكوجار‎ also Romanized as Nekūjār and Nīkūjār) is a village in Eypak Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 64 families.
 Kalateh-ye Lakhi Jadid (Persian: كلاته لاخي جديد‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Lākhī Jadīd; also known as Kalāteh-ye Lākhī) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 61 families.
 Jasionów [jaˈɕɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Trzebiel 20 km (12 mi) west of Żary and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Shileh Vasht (Persian: شيله وشت‎ also Romanized as Shīleh Vasht; also known as Shīleh Vasht-e Soflá) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 81 families.
 Glavska (Cyrillic: Главска) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ovsište (Serbian: Овсиште) is a village in the municipality of Topola Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 630 people.
 Gardanbori-ye Olya (Persian: گردن برئ عليا‎ also Romanized as Gardanborī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bālā Gardan Borī) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 44 families.
 Palkabalis is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 22 people.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Qusheh Cheshmeh (Persian: قوشه چشمه‎ also Romanized as Qūsheh Cheshmeh; also known as Qūsh Cheshmeh) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District Galikash District Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 375 in 74 families.
 Alto Carrizal is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Rudzk Duży [ˈrut͡sk ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Piotrków Kujawski 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Radziejów and 59 km (37 mi) south of Toruń.
 Głogusz [ˈɡwɔɡuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sulechów and 20 km (12 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Scholastykowo [sxɔlastɨˈkɔvɔ] (German: Scholastikowo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Lipka 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Złotów and 125 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 380.
 Aliabad-e Sharqi (Persian: علي ابادشرقي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Sharqī; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 28 families.
 Chruszczyna Wielka [xruʂˈt͡ʂɨna ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kazimierza Wielka and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 One of the biggest parts of Ilijaš Municipality is the neighborhood of Misoča known in Bosnian as Naselje Misoča. It is the biggest community in the municipality of Ilijaš with 981 residents.
 Khani Abbas (Persian: خاني عباس‎ also Romanized as Khānī ʿAbbās) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 13 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād) is a village in Neyzar Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 42 families.
 Diala Banlieue (also Dyalla) is a village and principal settlement (chef-lieu) of the commune of Liberté Dembaya in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.
 Dasht-e Qir (Persian: دشتقير‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Qīr) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 9 families.
 Deretin is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 259 people.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is an Iranian village in Eshqabad Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 53 families.
 Somadi is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2671 people living in 502 individual households.
 Chojniczki [xɔi̯ˈnit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Chojnice and 100 km (62 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 527.
 Maghuiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: مغوئيه عليا‎ also Romanized as Maghū’īyeh-ye ‘Olyā and Maghū’īyeh ‘Oleyā; also known as Maghū’īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żelazko [ʐɛˈlaskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ogrodzieniec within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately seven km southeast of Ogrodzieniec 15 km southeast of Zawiercie and 43 km northeast of the regional capital Katowice.
 Bahupura Uparwar (Hindi: बह्पुरा) is a Village in Deegh Mandal Sant Ravidas Nagar District Uttar Pradesh State. Bahupura Uparwar is located 39.7 km distance from its District Main City Gyanpur. It is located 222 km distance from its State Main City Lucknow.
 Małaszowice [mawaʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytom Odrzański within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Bytom Odrzański 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Nowa Sól and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Achutapuram (Telugu: అచ్యుతాపురం) is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Bašin is a village in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 552 people.
 Sarabeleh (Persian: سرابله‎ also Romanized as Sarābeleh Sarābīeh and Sar Ābleh; also known as Sārābāla and Sarābīyeh) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 33 families.
 Kuklice [kuˈklit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobierzyce within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kobierzyce and 21 km (13 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Setskog is a former municipality in Akershus county Norway. It bordered Østfold county to the south Hedmark county to the north and Sweden to the east.It was created by a split from Høland municipality on 1 January 1905. At that time Setskog had a population of 754.On 1 January 1966 Setskog merged with Nordre Høland Søndre Høland and Aurskog to form the new municipality Aurskog-Høland. Prior to the merger Setskog had a population of 811.
 Namarjung is a village and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1553 persons living in 330 individual households.
 Dryden is a village in Tompkins County New York United States. The population was 1890 at the 2010 census. The name was assigned by a clerk interested in the classics to honor John Dryden poet and playwright.The Village of Dryden is in the Town of Dryden and is east of Ithaca. It is near the border of Cortland County.
 Tirupparamkunram (also spelt as Tirupparangunram or Tirupparankunram or Thirupparankundram or Thiruparangundram or Tiruparankundram) is a small township located 10 km from the city of Madurai in South India. It is renowned for the Thirupparamkunram Murugan Temple dedicated to Lord Muruga a Hindu God who is revered by the people of South India.
 Heggeri is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gaj (Kiseljak) is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shahrak-e Emam Sadeq (Persian: شهرك امام صادق‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Şādeq) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 438 in 108 families.
 Davesco is a village in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino Switzerland.It was first recorded in 1110 as Avesco.The village together with Soragno constituted the former municipality Davesco-Soragno. In 2004 Davesco-Soragno municipality was incorporated into the larger neighboring municipality Lugano and now forms a quarter of that city.
 For similarly named places see Grąbkowo Greater Poland Voivodeship and Grąbkowo Pomeranian Voivodeship.Grabkowo [ɡrapˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kowal 18 km (11 mi) south of Włocławek and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Gukoš is a village situated in Ljig municipality in Serbia.
 Darabi (Persian: دارابي‎ also Romanized as Dārābī) is a village in Direh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 25 families.
 Simalapani is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4387 and had 791 houses in the town.
 Zlatá Olešnice is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qosira (Persian: قصيرا‎ also Romanized as Qoşīrā and Qoşeyrā; also known asKasīreh Qasreh and Qaşr-e Seyyedhā) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 120 families.
 Anbarlu (Persian: عنبرلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Anbarlū) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Tazeh Kand District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Azizabad (Persian: عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as ʿAzīzābād) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Ash Shawr is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Nibbixwoud is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Medemblik and lies about 5 km north of Hoorn.Nibbixwoud was a separate municipality until 1979 when it was merged with Wognum.In 2001 the village of Nibbixwoud had 1572 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.32 km² and contained 601 residences.
 Wojewódki Górne [vɔjɛˈvutki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Bielany 5 km (3 mi) south of Sokołów Podlaski and 87 km (54 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Powierz [ˈpɔvjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Janowiec Kościelny 10 km (6 mi) south of Nidzica and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 100.
 Scotia is a village in Schenectady County New York United States incorporated in 1904. The population was 7729 at the 2010 census. Scotia is part of the town of Glenville and is connected with the city of Schenectady by the Western Gateway Bridge over the Mohawk River.
 Borczyn [ˈbɔrt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kije 12 km (7 mi) north of Pińczów and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Koźlica [kɔˈʑlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Igołomia-Wawrzeńczyce within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Pucko [ˈput͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Goleniów and 15 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Verin Giratagh (Armenian: Վերին Գիրաթաղ) is an abandoned village in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The former community of Verin Giratagh included the villages of Verin Giratagh and Nerqin Giratagh. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported the both the village of Verin Giratagh and the former community were uninhabited at the 2001 census.
 Petrovice II is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sarab-e Shahini (Persian: سراب شاهيني‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Shāhīnī) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 43 families.
 Jagnjilo is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 106 people.
 Mursi (Persian: مورثي‎ also Romanized as Mūrs̱ī and Mūrsī; also known as Mowrūs̄ī) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Çelenuşağı is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Bela Voda is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 207 people.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Bolesławiec and 103 km (64 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kurampala is a village in Pandalam in the state of Kerala India.
 Aslan (Persian: اصلان‎ also Romanized as Aşlān) is a village in Tarrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ambaturai is a village that falls between road connecting Dindigul and Kodaikanal cities. The railway station by the same name at this place serves as the alighting place for the town of Chinnalapatti and the Gandhigram Rural Institute.
 Albertów [alˈbɛrtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Turek and 110 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 137.
 Kobyle [kɔˈbɨlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frysztak within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Frysztak 12 km (7 mi) west of Strzyżów and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Borji-ye Kheyl (Persian: برجي خيل‎ also Romanized as Borjī-ye Kheyl; also known as Borj-e Kheyl) is a village in Kiakola Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 85 families.
 Dębowo [dɛmˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sanica Gornja is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Baghak-e Sofla (Persian: باغك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bāghak-e Soflá; also known as Bāghak) is a village in Jamrud Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 45 families.
 Sheykhabad-e Yolmeh Salian (Persian: شيخ اباديلمه ساليان‎ also Romanized as Sheykhābād-e Yolmeh Sālīān; also known as Sheykhābād) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 44 families.
 Darreh Darreh-ye Olya (Persian: دره دره عليا‎ also Romanized as Darreh Darreh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Darreh Darreh) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 15 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1429 in 284 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Sotudeh-ye Do (Persian: تلمبه ستوده 2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Sotūdeh-ye Do; also known as Tolombeh-ye Allāhābād and Tolombeh-ye Sotūdeh) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Lamlang (Persian: لاملنگ‎ also Romanized as Lāmlang; also known as Lālang) is a village in Anjirabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 558 in 137 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przesmyki 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 112 km (70 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 450.
 Mołstowo [mɔu̯sˈtɔvɔ] (German: Molstow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brojce within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brojce 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Gryfice and 82 km (51 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Goudawad is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Satbariya is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8829 persons living in 1258 individual households.
 Kurzeszyn [kuˈʐɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rawa Mazowiecka and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 650.
 Topczewo [tɔpˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Lisów [ˈlisuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Jedlińsk 13 km (8 mi) north of Radom and 79 km (49 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Sulem Sarai is a locality/township of Allahabad Uttar Pradesh India.
 G. Basavankoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Bagh-e Manuchehr Kamjunia (Persian: باغ منوچهركامجونيا‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Manūchehr Kāmjūnīā) is a village in Hangam Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Piotrowo [pjɔˈtrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ryczywół 21 km (13 mi) north of Oborniki and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dikanak (Persian: ديكانك‎ also Romanized as Dīkānak) is a village in Dasht-e Barm Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1267 in 286 families.
 Fathallahabad (Persian: فتح اله آباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḥāllahābād; also known as Kūreh Dasht-e Soflá and Kūrdasht-e Soflá) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 76 families.
 Cerovac is a village in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1177 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Bavin (Persian: مزرعه باوين‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bāvīn) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Podemszczyzna [pɔdɛmʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] (Ukrainian: Подемщина Podemshchyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój within Lubaców County Subcarpathian Volvodaelership in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Lubaców and 95 km (59 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Rambukewela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bjørkelangen is the administrative centre of Aurskog-Høland municipality Norway. Its population (2007) is 2438[2].Bjørkelangen became the administrative centre of the Aurskog-Høland municipality in 1966. It is located in the north end of the lake named Bjørkelangsjøen.There is an elementary school a junior high school and two high schools in the village. The first high school is Bjørkelangen Videregående Skole which is a traditional high school with a broad scholary focus area.
 Hmawyonmyaing is a river village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located north of Tonmalaw.
 Aratupuzha is a village in Alappuzha district Kerala India.It is close to the Arabian Sea and was affected by the tsunami created by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake.
 Leszcze [ˈlɛʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Bukova Gora is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mieroszyno-Wybudowanie [mjɛrɔˈʂɨnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Puck and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Trzebiszyn [tʂɛˈbiʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lasowice Wielkie 15 km (9 mi) south of Kluczbork and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 248.
 Kamieńczyk-Borowy [kaˈmjɛɲt͡ʂɨk bɔˈrɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Szymanów [ʂɨˈmanuf] (German: Simsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobromierz within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dobromierz 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Świdnica and 59 kilometres (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Permani is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D8 highway.
 Edakkad is one of the grama panchayats in Kannur District of Kerala state in southern India.
 Sidra [ˈɕidra] is a village in Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sidra. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Sokółka and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 730.
 Hatugoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ahiohill is a small village in County Cork Ireland. It is within the townland of Aghyohil which was historically spelt Aghayohil (Irish: Achadh Eochaille meaning field of the yew). It lies between the towns of Bandon Clonakilty and Ballineen/Enniskean. The village has one pub called The Four Winds. Ahiohill is home to Oliver Plunkett's GAA; they have a fairly fine playing field.
 Lalapati is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4132 people living in 834 individual households where is the sarapa & lalpati both village too much people sarapa edited by israfeel jkhame mobaile NO. 9804704122
 Kolonia Olszowiec [kɔˈlɔɲa ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Kamieńsk 16 km (10 mi) north of Radomsko and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Velenice (Nymburk District) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Geleh (Persian: گله‎; also known as Gileh) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 316 in 77 families.
 Nowa Grzybowszczyzna [ˈnɔva ɡʐɨbɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Deh Chah (Persian: ده چاه‎ also Romanized as Deh Chāh and Deh-e Chāh) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District Poshtkuh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2123 in 554 families.
 Wiktoria [vikˈtɔrja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Strachówka 32 km (20 mi) east of Wołomin and 52 km (32 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Balakot Nepal is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1566 people living in 293 individual households.
 Mehide is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Jeziórko [jɛˈʑurkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Prażmów 10 km (6 mi) south of Piaseczno and 27 km (17 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 350.
 Leynar is a village in the Faroe Islands a self-governing overseas administrative division of Denmark.The village is on the western coast of the island of Streymoy in the municipality of Kvívíkar. The 2005 population was 120. Leynar is the birthplace of Faroese actor Sverri Egholm (1930–2001).
 Kayabaşı is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Tupuzabad (Persian: توپوز اباد‎ also Romanized as Tūpūzābād; also known as Toppozābād) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 549 in 142 families.
 Cheshmeh-ye Sang Band (Persian: چشمه سنگ بند‎) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Eravangudy is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sady Dolne [ˈsadɨ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German: Nieder Baumgarten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Bolków 17 km (11 mi) south of Jawor and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 391.
 Veppankkadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Soğukkuyu is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Hanoverton is a village in Hanover Township Columbiana County Ohio United States. The population was 408 at the 2010 census.Hanoverton is home to the historic Spread Eagle Tavern an inn/restaurant which has been visited by Abraham Lincoln Dan Quayle Dick Cheney and most recently John McCain who was campaigning for the 2008 Presidential race at the town's school United Local High School.[citation needed]
 Tang-e Koleh (Persian: تنگكله‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Kalleh Tang Kalah and Tang Kalleh) is a village in Efzar Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 61 families.
 Shestan Olya (Persian: شستان عليا‎ also Romanized as Shestān ‘Olyā; also known as Shastān-e Bālā Shāshtū Shastān and Shishtu) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 23 families.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصور اباد‎ also Romanized as Manṣūrābād) is a village in Bushkan Rural District Bushkan District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 17 families.
 Zelenik is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 251 people.
 Kalayeh Bon (Persian: كلايه بن‎ also Romanized as Kalāyeh Bon) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1017 in 288 families.
 Karan-e Olya (Persian: كران عليا‎ also Romanized as Karān-e ‘Olyā Karan Olya and Kerān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Karān-e Bālā  Karrān-e Bālā Kerān Bālā Kerān-e Bālā Kīrān-e Bālā and Yukāri Karan) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 23 families.
 Wnorów [ˈvnɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Łoniów 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 300.
 Bagh Bisheh (Persian: باغ بيشه‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Bīsheh; also known as Bāgh Pīshī) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Hezar Jarib (Persian: هزارجريب‎ also Romanized as Hezār Jarīb Hazārjarīb Hazār Jerīb and Hezār Jerīb) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 50 families.
 Mata Abajo is a settlement in Cuba near Guantánamo Bay located in the municipality of Caimanera near the borders with Guantánamo. Its name in Spanish means Plant Below.
 Gol Afzan (Persian: گل افزان‎ also Romanized as Gol Afzān; also known as Kilavzan) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 798 in 214 families.
 Mościska [mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Szczawin Kościelny 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 102 km (63 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Amirabad Cham Gaz (Persian: اميرابادچم گز‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād Cham Gaz; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 99 families.
 Bashlan Beshlu (Persian: باشلان بشلو‎ also Romanized as Bāshlān Beshlū; also known as Bāshlā Nabeshlū Bāshlān Būshlū and Qarchālār) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 634 in 174 families.
 Qamar Khun (Persian: قمارخان‎ also Romanized as Qamār Khūn; also known as Qal‘eh Samar Khān Qal‘eh Samūr Khān and Qal‘eh-ye S̄amūr Khān) is a village in Zalian Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 16 families.
 Henryków [xɛnˈrɨkuf] (German: Heinrichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ziębice 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 53 kilometres (33 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ciopan [ˈt͡ɕɔpan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Darchaq (Persian: درچاق‎ also Romanized as Darchāq) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Konowały [kɔnɔˈvawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Choroszcz and 18 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 130.
 Chal Gerd (Persian: چال گرد‎ also Romanized as Chāl Gerd Chālgerd and Chāleh Gerd) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 10 families.
 Bagverdi-ye Olya (Persian: بگوردي عليا‎ also Romanized as Bagverdī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 30 families.
 Agrani-Ingalgaon is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Allahabad (Persian: اله اباد‎ also Romanized as Allāhābād) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vallivattom is a remote village in the Vellangur Panchayat district of Kerala the southern most state of India. Its western boundary is defined by the Canoli Canal[citation needed] and its eastern by the Trichur-Kodungallor road. The town is 13 km (8 mi) from Kodungallore and Irinjalakuda.Vallivattom has five schools and its literacy rate is 90%. It is religiously diverse containing seven mosques 15 Hindu temples and 3 churches.
 Kujawka [kuˈjafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bądkowo 22 km (14 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 41 km (25 mi) south of Toruń.
 Gowrelli is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal. It is close to the Outer Ring Road Hyderabad.
 Jaszkowo [jaʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Brodnica 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Śrem and 28 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.In the years 1975-1998 the village has a province of Poznan.The village has a population of 200.
 Soltanali (Persian: سلطانعلي‎ also Romanized as Solţān‘alī and Solţān ‘Alī) is a village in Soltanali Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1405 in 249 families.
 Panbeh Dar (Persian: پنبه در‎; also known as Panbeh Deh) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 33 families.
 Sądów [ˈsɔnduf] (formerly German Sandow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dolice 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Diatali is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Kahnow (Persian: كهنو‎ also Romanized as Kahnow Kahnoo and Kahnū; also known as Kahnūk) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 51 families.
 Barku Sara (Persian: باركوسرا‎ also Romanized as Bārkū Sarā; also known as Bargū Sarā and Bārgū Sarā) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1645 in 478 families.
 Kızlarsekisi is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Deh-e Bid Pichab (Persian: ده بيدپيچاب‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bīd Pīchāb) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Sakhi is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2798 people living in 525 individual households.To Promote local culture Sakhi has one FM radio station Radio Sunchhahari F.M - 101.5 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.
 Väike-Rakke is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Sarv (Persian: سرو‎) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 16 families.
 Chobienia [xɔˈbjɛɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Emburga is a village in Latvia Ozolnieki municipality. The village located at Lielupe river approximately 22 km from city Jelgava.
 Marteru is a village in Penumantra Mandal West Godavari district Andhra Pradesh India. The village is famous for the rice research center established by the Government of India to conduct research on paddy crops. The center developed many new varieties of rice seeds.A festival called Venkateswara Swami kalyanam is celebrated in Marteru village. It is a celebration among neighbouring villages.
 Qarah Saqqal-e Olya (Persian: قره سقال عليا‎ also Romanized as Qarah Saqqāl-e ‘Olyā; also known as E‘temād) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Majid Isa Zahi (Persian: مجيد عيسي زهي‎ also Romanized as Majīd ʿĪsá Zahī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Moraczewo [mɔraˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] (German: Lindenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rydzyna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rydzyna 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Leszno and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pir Kola Chah (Persian: پيركلاچاه‎ also Romanized as Pīr Kolā Chāh; also known as Pīr Kelā Chāy Pīrkolāchā Pīr Kolā Chāy Pīr Kuleh Chāh Pīr Kūleh Jāh and Pirkulekh-Chakh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1427 in 410 families.
 Łukowiec [wuˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koprzywnica 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 300.
 Sohra Hojjatabad (Persian: صحراحجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrā Ḩojjatābād) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łempice [wɛmˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Ciechanowiec 28 km (17 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 200.
 Taquimilán is a village and municipality in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.
 Chandab (Persian: چند اب‎ also Romanized as Chandāb; also known as Gondā (Persian: گندا) and Gandāb) is a village in Eyvanki Rural District Eyvanki District Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 96 families.
 Khalichian (Persian: خليچيان‎ also Romanized as Khalīchīān Khalīchīyān Khelīchīyān and Khelīchyān; also known as Khalījīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 646 in 165 families.
 Chehel Amiran (Persian: چهل اميران‎ also Romanized as Chehel Amīrān; also known as Chīleh Mīrān and Chilleh Mīrān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 12 families.
 Kellnersville is a village in Manitowoc County Wisconsin United States. The population was 332 at the 2010 census.
 Ostrowo [ɔsˈtrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Mrocza 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريفاباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2272 in 554 families.
 Hasankendi is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Kaleh Ban 1 (Persian: كله بان 1‎ also Romanized as Kaleh Bān 1; also known as Dūl Gāvmīshān) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 27 families.
 Yunjaliq (Persian: يونجاليق‎ also Romanized as Yūnjālīq; also known as Yūnjeh Laq and Yūnjehlīq) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 21 families.
 Ratajów [raˈtajuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Słomniki and 21 km (13 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 605.
 Ziadabad (Persian: زياداباد‎ also Romanized as Zīādābād and Zeyādābād) is a village in Khobriz Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 110 families.
 Kahesh-e Bala (Persian: كاهش بالا‎ also Romanized as Kāhesh-e Bālā) is a village in Chashm Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuibhir Chasku is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2121 living in 419 individual households.
 Krysk Nowy [ˈkrɨsk ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Buczyna [buˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Lubrza 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Świebodzin 45 km (28 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 46 km (29 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 30.
 Moszczenica Wyżna [mɔʂt͡ʂɛˈɲit͡sa ˈvɨʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Stary Sącz 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Nowy Sącz and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 670.
 Gerdak (Persian: گردك‎ Sorani Kurdish: گردەک) is a village in Sharwineh Rural District Kalashi District Jawanroud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 23 families.
 Pruszki [ˈpruʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Biała [ˈbjawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-west of Konin and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Sorkheh Dizaj (Persian: سرخه ديزج‎ also Romanized as Sorkheh Dīzaj; also known as Sirkhazach) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 496 in 101 families.
 Čemernica (Fojnica) is a village in the municipality of Fojnica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ranchuli is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1901 people living in 380 individual households.
 Stawy [ˈstavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kadhar is a village and union council of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at an altitude of 203 metres (669 feet).
 Ruda Lubieniecka [ˈruda lubjɛˈɲɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Chodecz 26 km (16 mi) south of Włocławek and 74 km (46 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 121.
 Ağıllı is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Haskızılören Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Karaçayır is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 25 people.
 Saukuchi is a village in Kamrup rural district situated near south bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Cham Dalan (Persian: چم دالان‎ also Romanized as Cham Dālān; also known as Cham Dālūn) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 51 families.
 Tahrak Mahalleh (Persian: طاهرك محله‎ also Romanized as Ţāhrak Maḩalleh; also known as Tārīk Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 31 families.
 Taoa is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Alo District on the southern coast of Futuna Island. Its population according to the 2008 census was 623 people.
 Regulice [rɛɡuˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Nysa and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mazraeh-ye Hajji Baqeri (Persian: مزرعه حاجي باقري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājjī Bāqerī; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājī Bāqer and Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājjī Bāqer) is a village in Chupanan Rural District Anarak District Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rościsławice [rɔɕt͡ɕiswaˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Riemberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Oborniki Śląskie 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Trzebnica and 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Qulanjeq (Persian: قولانجق‎ also Romanized as Qūlānjeq) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 39 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja'farābād; also known as Pāsgāh-e Ja'farābād) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 27 families.
 Beg Beg-e Ban Khoshg (Persian: بگ بگ بان خشگ‎ also Romanized as Beg Beg-e Bān Khoshg; also known as Bag Bag Bān Khoshk and Bān Khoshk-e Beg Beg) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 28 families.
 Gerdeh Qol (Persian: گرده قل‎; also known as Gerdeh Qūl) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 507 in 109 families.
 Sitar-e Mahmud (Persian: سيتارمحمود‎ also Romanized as Sītār-e Maḩmūd) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 495 in 111 families.
 Qaleh Qazi (Persian: قلعه قاضي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Qāẕī) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 693 in 171 families.
 Wipławki [vʲiˈpwafkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Bartoszyce and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Darnowo [darˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kościan and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 303.
 Ilkowice [ilkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słaboszów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Słaboszów 15 km (9 mi) east of Miechów and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 520.
 Mosharrafeh-ye Kuchak (Persian: مشرفه كوچك‎ also Romanized as Mosharrafeh-ye Kūchak Mosherfeh Kūchek Mosherfeh-ye Kūchek and Moshīrafeh-ye Kūchek; also known as Moshirefehé Dow and Moshrafeh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 12 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Dariush Baharvand Ahmadi (Persian: مزرعه داریوش بهاروند احمدی‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Dārīūsh Bahārvand Āḥmadī) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mätasselja is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Şıhlar Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ayaghchi (Persian: اياغچي‎ also Romanized as Ayāghchī; also known as Āyākhchī) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 29 families.
 Sheykhalijan (Persian: شيخعلي جان‎ also Romanized as Sheykh‘alījān; also known as Sheykhlajān) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gablin [ˈɡablin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dominowo 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Piukhuri is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2026 people living in 358 individual households.
 Mus (Persian: موس‎ also Romanized as Mūs; also known as Mūsá) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Kharabeh-ye Senji (Persian: خرابه سنجي‎ also Romanized as Kharābeh-ye Senjī; also known as Kharābeh) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 681 in 95 families.
 Khashen Daraq (Persian: خشندرق‎; also known as Khashīn Daraq) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 90 families.
 Kınık is a village in the District of Sinanpaşa Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Mavarz (Persian: مورز‎ also Romanized as Moorz and Mūraz) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 42 families.
 Bielica [bjɛˈlit͡sa] (German: Behlendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Godkowo 25 km (16 mi) east of Elbląg and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Binaq (Persian: بينق‎ also Romanized as Bīnaq; also known as Banīq) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 8 families.
 Kammatadurga also spelled as Kammata Durga (Kannada: ಕಮ್ಮಟದುರ್ಗ ಕಮ್ಮಟ ದುರ್ಗ ) near Hemagudda is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Kammatadurga is located Northeast to District Headquarters Koppal.
 Salehak (Persian: صالحك‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩak) is a village in Asiab Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 40 families.
 Rashm (Persian: رشم‎ also Romanized as Reshm and Rishm; also known as Gulāki) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 78 families.
 Ratkovići (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tribenisusta is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7830 people living in 1477 individual households.
 Alu (Persian: الو‎ also Romanized as Alū Allū and ‘Alū) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 99 families.
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Divangah (Persian: ديوانگاه‎ also Romanized as Dīvāngāh) is a village in Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 74 families.
 Bełwin [ˈbɛu̯vin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemyśl within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Przemyśl and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Solec-Zdrój ([ˈsɔlɛt͡s ˈzdrui̯]) is a village in Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Solec-Zdrój. It lies on the Rzoska river in historic Lesser Poland approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Wiślica [viˈɕlit͡sa] is a village in Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiślica. It lies on the Nida River approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce. In 2006 the village had a population of 680.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 56 families.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād; also known as Amini Abad) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 13 families.
 Golemi Dol is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 294 people.
 Raisabad (Persian: رييس اباد‎ also Romanized as Ra’īsābād) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District in the Central District of Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 481 in 123 families.
 Słonin [ˈswɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Czempiń 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Kościan and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gromoty [ɡrɔˈmɔtɨ] (German: Gramten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Iława and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Shigiholi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 El Escorial (Chubut) is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Nathanallur (Tamil: நத்தாநல்லூர்) is a small village in Walajabad panchayat union Kanchipuram district Tamil Nadu India. Tamil Nadu state highway 48 is passing through Nathanallur village. Nathanallur is 5.9 kilometres (3.7 mi) distance from its Walajabad town 20.2 kilometres (12.6 mi) distance from its district main city Kanchipuram and 59 kilometres (37 mi) distance from its state main city Chennai.
 Lar Khani (Persian: لارخاني‎ also Romanized as Lār Khānī) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gosie Małe [ˈɡɔɕɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Krzyżewo-Jurki [kʂɨˈʐɛvɔ ˈjurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Czerwonka 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 81 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Giełczyn [ˈɡʲɛu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Strzegowo 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Mława and 95 km (59 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kani Zhaleh-ye Hajji Hoseyn (Persian: كاني ژاله حاجي حسين‎ also Romanized as Kānī Zhāleh-ye Ḩājjī Ḩoseyn) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chafteh-ye Olya (Persian: چفته عليا‎ also Romanized as Chafteh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chafteh) is a village in Sarqaleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stanisławów Nowy [staniˈswavuf ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lutomiersk 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 19 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tohamasab-e Olya (Persian: طهماسب عليا‎ also Romanized as Ţohamāsab-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District in the Central District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 29 families.
 Augustynów [auɡusˈtɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lututów 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 88 km (55 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Aghancheh (Persian: اغنچه‎ also Romanized as Āghancheh; also known as Āghcheh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 37 families.
 Owczarnia [ɔfˈt͡ʂarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Plāņi is a village in Ozolnieki Municipality Latvia. The village is located on the Lielupe River approximately 16 km from the city of Jelgava.
 Kolluru is a village and mandal headquarter of kolluru Mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Sar Darreh-ye Qobadi (Persian: سردره قبادي‎ also Romanized as Sar Darreh-ye Qobādī; also known as Sardāreh and Sar Darreh) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 37 families.
 Gachi (Persian: گچي‎ also Romanized as Gachī; also known as Kachī) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tappeh Hammam-e Sofla (Persian: تپه حمام سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Ḩammām-e Soflá; also known as Tappeh Ḩammām-e Pā’īn) is a village in Murmuri Rural District Kalat District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 10 families.
 Varanavasi is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Qobad Bazn (Persian: قبادبزن‎ also Romanized as Qobād Bazn and Qobādbezan) is a village in Kahak Rural District Kahak District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 613 in 174 families.There is a shrine (Shahzade Mohsen) and mosque in Qobad Bazn village and cemetery in the village's main square and near the shrine and the mosque was. Some names from the village Qubad father of Sassanid King Khosrow G. Anoushirvan know.
 Borovac (Serbian: Боровац) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Albuid-e Yek Nabi (Persian: البوعيديك نبي‎ also Romanized as Ālbūʿīd-e Yek Nabī; also known as Alba‘īd-e Yek) is a village in Karkheh Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 49 families.
 Qashqeh (Persian: قشقه‎; also known as Ghashqeh) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 38 families.
 Chah Kardqiam (Persian: چاه كاردقيام‎ also Romanized as Chāh Kārdqīām) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 10 families.
 Pištaline (Cyrillic: Пишталине) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kajanka [kaˈjanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 76 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Burj Qa'i (Arabic: برج قاعي‎ also spelled Burj al-Qa'y or simply al-Burj) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located northwest of Homs. Nearby localities include Taldou and the Houla 5 kilometers to the west Talaf to the north Kisin to the northeast Kafr Nan to the east Tasnin and Akrad Dayasinah to the southeast and Ghur Gharbiyah to the south.
 Hrasno Donje is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chah Tarakh-e Olya (Persian: چاه ترخ عليا‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ţarakh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Chāh Tarakh-e Bālā) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Przyborów [pʂɨˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kobiele Wielkie 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Harrisville is a village in Harrison County Ohio United States. The population was 235 at the 2010 census.During Morgan's Raid a decisive Union victory in the Civil War in 1863 Confederate Brig. Gen. John Hunt Morgan traveled through the Moorefield Harrisville New Athens Smithfield New Alexandria Wintersville Two Ridge Richmond East Springfield Bergholz and Monroeville on his way to defeat at the Battle of Salineville.
 Ujazd [ˈujast] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Słoszewy [swɔˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Rambukpota-anga is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dexter City is a village in Noble County Ohio United States along the West Fork of Duck Creek. The population was 129 at the 2010 census.
 Robczysko [rɔpˈt͡ʂɨskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rydzyna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Rydzyna 15 km (9 mi) east of Leszno and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gholamali (Persian: غلامعلي‎ also Romanized as Gholāmʿalī; also known as Gholāmʿali Ābād) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Mürseloğlu is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Svinjarec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway.
 Khorma Kaleh (Persian: خرماكله‎ also Romanized as Khormā Kaleh) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kaplin [ˈkaplin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Międzychód and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 110.
 Bronów [ˈbrɔnuf] (German: Bronau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) east of Góra and 64 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kohneh Gurab (Persian: كهنه گوراب‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Gūrāb) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 675 in 185 families.
 Bustandar (Persian: بوستاندر‎ also Romanized as Būstāndar; also known as Bostān Dar and Būstāndarreh) is a village in Kamal Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahrak-e Isar (Persian: شهرك ايثار‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Īs̄ār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 866 in 200 families.
 Jeliz Jand (Persian: جليزجند‎ also Romanized as Jelīz Jand Jalaz Jand Jalezjand and Jelezjand) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 589 in 181 families.
 Siah Kola (Persian: سياه كلا‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kolā and Sīyah Kalā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 65 families.
 Łęczyca [wɛnˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Góra Włodowska [ˈɡura vwɔˈdɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodowice within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Włodowice 9 km (6 mi) north of Zawiercie and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łomża and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Żarków [ˈʐarkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Bobrowice 17 km (11 mi) south of Krosno Odrzańskie and 27 km (17 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 71.
 Czarny Las [ˈt͡ʂarnɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Sar Daq Rural District Yunesi District Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 22 families.
 Kokorina (Serbian: Кокорина) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Češina Strana is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karayakup is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Padinharethara is a village in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Senjeduiyeh (Persian: سنجدوئيه‎ also Romanized as Senjedū’īyeh) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 4 families.
 Kajil (Persian: كجيل‎ also Romanized as Kajīl) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 384 in 111 families.
 Golkan-e Shahid Medani (Persian: گل كن شهيدمدني‎ also Romanized as Golkān-e Shahīd Medanī; also known as Golkān) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 7 families.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Ebrahim Akhlaspur (Persian: موتورپمپابراهيم اخلاص پور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Ebrāhīm Ākhlāṣpūr; also known as Aḩmad Efesh (Persian: احمدافش)) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 14 families.
 Viilupi is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Zarrin Dowtu (Persian: زرين دوتو‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Dowtū; also known as Zarrīn) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 12 families.
 Qaleh Dezh (Persian: قلعه دژ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Dezh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Zeydun District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Łubianka [wuˈbʲaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Barlinek 24 km (15 mi) east of Myślibórz and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Arawwawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Radonjica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 903 people.
 Talkheh Char (Persian: تلخه چار‎ also Romanized as Talkheh Chār; also known as Talkh Chāh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 20 families.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Brzeziny and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Magdalenów [maɡdaˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kierpajny Wielkie [kʲɛrˈpai̯nɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Gross Körpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Čichalov (German: Sichlau) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sarah-e Shadadi (Persian: سراح شهدادي‎ also Romanized as Sarāḥ-e Shahdādī) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 718 in 153 families.
 Lwegyaung is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Piersk [pjɛrsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Konin and 106 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.The Biechowy Ferry a cable ferry crosses the River Warta between Biechowy and Piersk.
 Róże [ˈruʐɛ] (German: Rosenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Belligatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 West Burke is a village in the town of Burke Caledonia County Vermont United States. The population was 343 at the 2010 census.
 Mrljak is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 26 people.
 Agatówka [aɡaˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 150.
 Garrus (Persian: گروس‎ also Romanized as Garrūs and Garroos; also known as Gīrow Gīrū Karnow Keruo and Kerus) is a village in Chelleh Khaneh Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1737 in 481 families.
 Nara is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil and is located at 32°48'0N 73°24'0E with an altitude of 236 metres (777 feet).
 Padiyapelella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Laz Stubički is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D29 highway.
 Tammuna is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Natać Mała [ˈnatat͡ɕ ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Stara Rzeka [ˈstara ˈʐɛka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Osie 28 km (17 mi) north of Świecie and 63 km (39 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 49.
 Baghuyeh (Persian: باغويه‎ also Romanized as Bāghūyeh; also known as Bāghu and Bāqū) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 18 families.
 Pławęcino [pwavɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ] (German: Plauenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 97 km (60 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area belonged to the Province of Pomerania and was part of Germany.
 Gol (Persian: گل‎) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 73 families.
 Pir Ahmad Kandi (Persian: پيراحمدكندي‎ also Romanized as Pīr Aḩmad Kandī) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 38 families.
 Cham Borreh (Persian: چم بره‎) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 7 families.
 Bahçekoyağı is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated to the northeast of Bozyazı. . The distance to Bozyazı is 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 205 kilometres (127 mi). The population of the village is 179. as of 2011.
 Nallıgölcük Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Chah-e Mohammadabad Gardab (Persian: چاه محمدابادگرداب‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩammdābād Gardāb) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kahshur-e Davud Ali (Persian: كهشورداودعلي‎ also Romanized as Kahshūr-e Dāvūd ʿAlī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Manzar (Persian: منظر‎ also Romanized as Manz̧ar) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 39 families.
 Marianów [maˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Stręgielek [strɛnˈɡʲɛlɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Pozezdrze 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Węgorzewo and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sowińce [sɔˈviɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Buczek 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Łask and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rosochy [rɔˈsɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Zbiczno 18 km (11 mi) north of Brodnica and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Annów [ˈannuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Zakrzew and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mesciler is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 806 people.
 Karaardıç is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 305 people.
 Kuralase is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Skokuće is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 105 people.
 Vokány is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Kaleń [ˈkalɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Piłka [ˈpiu̯ka] (German Pielkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Koszęcin 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Lubliniec and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 75.
 Covelong (Kovalam) is a fishing village in India 40 kilometres south of Chennai on the East Coast Road en route to Mahabalipuram.
 Gel Kheyl (Persian: گل خيل‎) is a village in Mehravan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 755 in 185 families.
 Hlízov is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Purtsa is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kohnush (Persian: كهنوش‎ also Romanized as Kohnūsh; also known as Kūh-ī-Nūsh and Kūh Nūsh) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1735 in 489 families.
 Krogulna [krɔˈɡulna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Pokój 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mazraeh-ye Chah-e Mehdi (Persian: مزرعه چاه مهدي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Chāh-e Mehdī) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karingannoor is a small township of Velinalloor village in the Kottarakara Taluk Kollam District of Kerala India. It is surrounded by several small places: Puthuserry Atoorkonam Thannimoodu Alumoodu Mottarkunnu Puthanvila504 and Ezhamkutty.
 Gazuiyeh-ye Do (Persian: گزوئيه 2‎ also Romanized as Gazū’īyeh-ye Do) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sorkun is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Złotniki [zwɔtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Małogoszcz 14 km (9 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 850.
 Ardamova is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 635 in 98 families.
 Sääsküla is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kamień Krajeński 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 254.
 Karaska [kaˈraska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kadzidło 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 119 km (74 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 30.
 Tushan (Persian: توشن‎ also Romanized as Tūshan) is a village in Anjirabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 798 in 209 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Mahlar-e Sofla (Persian: حسين ابادمهلارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Mahlār-e Soflá) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 27 families.
 Semengi (Persian: سمنگي‎ also Romanized as Semengī; also known as Samenglū) is a village in Efzar Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 87 families.
 Adineh Masjed-e Bala (Persian: ادينه مسجدبالا‎ also Romanized as Ādīneh Masjed-e Bālā; also known as Ādīneh and Ādīneh Masjed-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Zalian Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 17 families.
 Jangalabad (Persian: جنگل اباد‎ also Romanized as Jangalābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Czumów [ˈt͡ʂumuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 112 km (70 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 304.
 Mirogonowice [mirɔɡɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Waśniów 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Zadębce-Kolonia [zaˈdɛmpt͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Turzyn [ˈtuʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lelów 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Częstochowa and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 351.
 Thechambu is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3428 people living in 606 individual households.
 Dowshanlu (Persian: دوشانلو‎ also Romanized as Dowshānlū; also known as Davshanly Dowshānjaq Dowshānjīq Dowshānjīyeh Dowshānlī and Dūshānjaq) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 22 families.
 Tiri is a village in Lasva Parish Võru County in southeastern Estonia. It has a population of 12 and an area of 4.8 km².
 Waliszewo [valiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ińsko within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ińsko 42 km (26 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 49.
 Kurianki Drugie [kuˈrjanki ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Çukurören is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Nallavanniyankudikadu is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Rogale [rɔˈɡalɛ] (German: Rogallen; 1938-45: Rogenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Dźwierzuty 22 km (14 mi) north of Szczytno and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Majdan Krzywski [ˈmai̯dan ˈkʂɨfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopiennik Górny within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Łopiennik Górny 9 km (6 mi) west of Krasnystaw and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Przymiarki [pʂɨˈmjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Budzień [ˈbud͡ʑeɲ] (formerly German Schutzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Stepnica 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 24 km (15 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 110.
 Jeleč (Hadžići) is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kachum Mahalleh (Persian: كچوم محله‎ also Romanized as Kachūm Maḩalleh) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Stropsko is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 186 people.
 Kafteh Rud (Persian: كفته رود‎ also Romanized as Kafteh Rūd; also known as Kaft Rūd) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 893 in 247 families.
 Yilqan Darreh (Persian: يلقان دره‎ also Romanized as Yīlqān Darreh) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Rudehen District Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Sowlan (Persian: صولان‎ also Romanized as Sowlān Sowlon and Sūlon) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 137 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 11 families.
 Halileh (Persian: هليله‎ also Romanized as Halīleh Haleyleh and Heleyleh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bushehr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1986 in 468 families.
 Abu Masul (Persian: ابوماصول‎ also Romanized as Abū Māşūl) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Sitaula is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2139 people living in 343 individual households.
 Ümit is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Ywatha is a village in Wetlet Township Shwebo District in southwestern Sagaing Region in Burma (Mynmar) on the right (west) bank of the Irrawaddy River.
 Nargesi (Persian: نرگسي‎ also Romanized as Nargesī) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 7 families.
 Chowgan (Persian: چوگان‎ also Romanized as Chowgān; also known as Chauga Chaugen and Chowgān-e Fa‘leh Korī) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 72 families.
 Vaivere is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kulathur (Tamil: குளத்தூர் ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Yek Muki (Persian: يك موكي‎ also Romanized as Yek Mūkī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 10 families.
 Vakilabad (Persian: وكيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Vakīlābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hacıahmetler is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 217 people.
 Kwielice [kfjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Grębocice 12 km (7 mi) north of Polkowice and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.Until 1945 it was as Quilitz a part of Germany.
 Lamab-e Barmeyun (Persian: لم اب برميون‎ also Romanized as Lamāb-e Barmeyūn; also known as Lamāb) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Boljetin is a village in the municipality of Majdanpek Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 672 people.
 Risan (Persian: ريسن‎ also Romanized as Rīsan) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 39 families.
 Sadat (Persian: سادات‎ also Romanized as Sādāt) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 63 families.
 Aqir also spelled Akir and Akkur was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict located 9 km southwest of Ramla and 1 km north of Wadi al-Nasufiyya (today called Nahal Ekron).
 Anarkul (Persian: اناركول‎ also Romanized as Anārkūl) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 63 families.
 DeRuyter /dəˈraɪtər/ is a village located in the Town of DeRuyter in Madison County New York USA. The population was 558 at the 2010 census. The village and town are named after Michiel Adriaenszoon De Ruyter a famous admiral in the Dutch navy.The Village of DeRuyter is located in the southwest corner of the town of DeRuyter on Route 13.
 Changal (Persian: چنگل‎) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Gromiec [ˈɡrɔmjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Libiąż within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 1700.
 Rostki [ˈrɔstki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Wydminy 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Nieświastowice [ɲɛɕfjastɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Mawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sakhteman-e Khunriz (Persian: ساختمان خونريز‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān-e Khūnrīz) is a village in Aviz Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Pattanam (Malayalam: പട്ടണം) is a village located in the Periyar delta in Eranakulam district in the southern Indian state of Kerala. It is located 2 km north of North Paravur 9 km south of Kodungallur (Cranganore) and 25 km north of Kochi (Cochin).According to the recent archaeological excavations Pattanam seems to have been first occupied by an indigenous population around 1000 BC and continued to be active till the 10th century AD.
 Qarah Vali (Persian: قره ولي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Valī and Qarahvalī; also known as Yāstī Bolāghī) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 8 families.
 Borysławice Zamkowe [bɔrɨswaˈvit͡sɛ zamˈkɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Grzegorzew 12 km (7 mi) east of Koło and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Quch Bolaghi (Persian: قوچ بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Qūch Bolāghī; also known as Aqkūl Ghooch Bolaghi and Quchhbulāq) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 South Baptiste is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located on the southern shore of Baptiste Lake west of Athabasca.
 Kushat-e Sum (Persian: كوشات سوم‎ also Romanized as Kūshāt-e Sūm) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 395 in 73 families.
 Husinka [xuˈɕiŋka] (Ukrainian: Гусинка Husynka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Balbaşı is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 159 people.
 Barim (Persian: بريم‎ also Romanized as Barīm and Borīm; also known as Barīm-e Nakha‘ī Barim Nakha’ī Beyram and Beyrīm) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 13 families.
 Karczewko [karˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sierakowice 23 km (14 mi) west of Kartuzy and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 57.
 Grylewo [ɡrɨˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kilfian (Irish: Cill Aodháin) is a civil parish within the barony of Tirawley County Mayo Ireland. It is traditionally a rural community located between the towns of Belderrig Crossmolina Killala and Ballycastle.Kilfian was the birthplace of Lady Sarah Fleming (née McElroy) wife of Sir Alexander Fleming.
 Cheshmeh Ayyub (Persian: چشمه ايوب‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ayyūb and Cheshmeh-ye Ayyūb) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 15 families.
 Kuusiku is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Zakmur (Cyrillic: Закмур) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kisiny [kiˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Działdowo and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 593.
 Tazhandareh (Persian: تاژان دره‎ also Romanized as Tāzhāndareh) is a village in Haq Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 298 in 49 families.
 Nowy Kałęczyn [ˈnɔvɨ kaˈwɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Ciechanów and 66 km (41 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Badameshk (Persian: بادمشك‎ also Romanized as Bādāmeshk; also known as Bādāmesh and Bādāmesh-e Bālā) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tõrise is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Ghallehzar (Persian: غله زار‎ also Romanized as Ghallehzār) is a village in Qazi Jahan Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 47 families.
 Head of the Harbor is a village in Suffolk County New York United States on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the 2010 census the village population was 1472.The Village of Head of the Harbor is in the town of Smithtown. It was incorporated in 1928.
 Huta Gogołowska [ˈxuta ɡɔɡɔˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frysztak within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Frysztak 18 km (11 mi) west of Strzyżów and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 240.
 Ulapes is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Gortatowice [ɡɔrtatɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Cielądz 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sistanak (Persian: سيستانك‎ also Romanized as Sīstānak) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 15 families.
 Neerattupuram is a place in Kuttanad Alappuzha district Kerala India.Situated 9 km from Thiruvalla town the place is home to the Chakkulathukavu Temple. The temple is well known for the Ponkala a typical Hindu festival which takes place every year during the month of November. The main festival of this temple is during the last two weeks of December (Malayalam calendar Dhanu 1-12).
 Sahel Borj (Persian: ساحل برج‎ also Romanized as Sāḩel Borj) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1726 in 459 families.
 Leerimetsa is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Helleh va Delleh (Persian: حله ودله‎ also Romanized as Ḩelleh va Delleh; also known as Ḩalleh Delleh Ḩalvā Dillāy Ḩelleh Delleh and Hilloi-o-Dillai) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 35 families.
 Daharan (Persian: دهاران‎ also Romanized as Dahārān; also known a Cherāghābād and Dahārūn) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Voore is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Mowtowr-e Ramazan Hasht va Gani (Persian: موتوررمضان هشتوگاني‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ramaz̤ān Hasht va Gānī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 24 families.
 Łownica [wɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Lipnik 12 km (7 mi) south of Opatów and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 220.
 Gongolina [ɡɔnɡɔˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Golestan (Persian: گلستان‎ also Romanized as Golestān) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kolkiejmy [kɔlˈkʲɛi̯mɨ] (German Kollkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Srokowo 17 km (11 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 Nashrud Kol (Persian: نشرودكل‎ also Romanized as Nashrūd Kol and Nashrood Kal; also known as Nushrudkul) is a village in Sangar Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1304 in 322 families.
 Bela Stena is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 491 people.
 Okszów-Kolonia [ˈɔkʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kavacık is a village in the District of Yenipazar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 128 people.
 Gel-e Sefid (Persian: گلسفيد‎ also Romanized as Gel-e Sefīd Gelsafīd and Gel Sefīd; also known as Gul-i-Safīd) is a village in Gel-e Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 920 in 316 families.
 Kubihal is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Żurawinek [ʐuraˈvinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kärdu Lümanda Parish is a village in Lümanda Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Taraklı Borçka is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 297 people.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zelów 16 km (10 mi) west of Bełchatów and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Sabz Alian (Persian: تلمبه محمدسبزعليان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Sabz ʿAlīān) is a village in Khursand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 10 families.
 Čmanjke is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 84 people.
 Barpak is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4556 and had 888 houses.
 Sahulan (Persian: سهولان‎ also Romanized as Sahūlān; also known as Saholān) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 30 families.
 Chaghal Kan (Persian: چيالكان‎ also Romanized as Chaghāl Kān; also known as Cheqālakān Cheyālakān and Chīālekān) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 20 families.
 Shah Heydar (Persian: شاه حيدر‎ also Romanized as Shāh Ḩeydar) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 34 families.
 Owczary [ɔfˈt͡ʂarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 900.
 Sarılar Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bloomingdale is a village in Van Buren County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 454 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Bloomingdale Township and is the township seat.In the 1930s oil was discovered within the village limits but pumping has now ceased due to lack of oil. Bloomingdale was thought to be a rising city but when the oil ceased so did the attraction.
 Khowshabad (Persian: خوش اباد‎ also Romanized as Khowshābād) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Uście [ˈuɕt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolsko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Kargah Jehad (Persian: كارگاه جهاد‎ also Romanized as Kārgāh Jehād) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 68 families.
 Buridar (Persian: بوري در‎ also Romanized as Būrīdar) is a village in Paygelan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1182 in 296 families.
 Järve is a village in Kohtla Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Anaviz (Persian: اناويز‎ also Romanized as Anāvīz) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 61 families.
 Haftsaran (Persian: هفت ساران‎ also Romanized as Haftsārān; also known as Haftsār) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 589 in 116 families.
 Shit-e Kamarzard (Persian: شيت كمرزرد‎ also Romanized as Shīt-e Kamarzard; also known as Shīţ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 67 families.
 Bębnów [ˈbɛmbnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Gowarczów 6 km (4 mi) north of Końskie and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 380.
 Shahrabad-e Ilat (Persian: شهرابادايلات‎ also Romanized as Shahrābād-e Īlāt; also known as Ḩeşārābād-e Īlāt) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District in the Central District of Robat Karim County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 666 in 162 families.
 Dehlaqin (Persian: دهلقين‎ also Romanized as Dehlaqīn; also known as Dehlaq and Dehlaq-e Bālā) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 113 families.
 Acıkuyu is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Çukurca is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 88 people.
 Hirehalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Challakere taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Tawzi is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Szosa Sępoleńska [ˈʂɔsa sɛmpɔˈlɛɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Tuchola and 53 km (33 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 38.
 Chah Badam-e Yek (Persian: چاه بادام 1‎ also Romanized as Chāh Bādām-e Yek; also known as Chāh Bādām) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czartowiec-Kolonia [t͡ʂarˈtɔvjɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Zalesie Królewskie [zaˈlɛɕɛ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] (German: Königlich Salesche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Świekatowo 22 km (14 mi) west of Świecie and 38 km (24 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 685.
 Lobira is a community in Ikotos County Eastern Equatoria state South Sudan. It is on the southern road between Torit and Kapoeta and lies to the north of Lobira hill.The village is inhabited by Lotuko people. It is in the Lomihidang North boma of the Chahari payam.The village is accessible by road in all seasons.
 Wierzbica [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa] is a village in Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wierzbica. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Radom and 108 km (67 mi) south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 1900 and belongs to historic Polish province of Lesser Poland. Wierzbica was a town from 1469 to 1870. For most of its history it belonged to Lesser Poland’s Sandomierz Voivodeship.
 Tashar (Persian: تاشار‎ also Romanized as Tāshār) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darbari (Persian: داربري‎ also Romanized as Dārbarī; also known as Dārbarī-ye Pīrsefīd) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jangarek-e Bala (Persian: جنگارك بالا‎ also Romanized as Jangārek-e Bālā; also known as Jangārek) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 47 families.
 Chah-e Shamareh-ye Do Mehdi (Persian: چاه شماره 2مهدي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh-ye Do Mehdī) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khameslu (Persian: خامسلو‎ also Romanized as Khāmeslū) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szówsko [ˈʂufskɔ] (Ukrainian: Шівсько Shivs’ko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Jarosław and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3096.
 Plewno [ˈplɛvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowiec within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Bukowiec 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Świecie 43 km (27 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of Toruń.
 Avazi (Persian: عوضي‎ also Romanized as ‘Avaẕī) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 79 families.
 Eshratabad (Persian: عشرت اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshratābād) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 10 families.
 Velké Popovice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality has a population of 2500 people. The village was first mentioned in 1352.
 Granville is a village in Licking County Ohio United States founded by settlers from Granville Massachusetts and Granby Connecticut. It now has three times the population of its namesake. The population was 5646 at the 2010 census.Granville is known for its New England character and historic architecture including the Greek Revival Avery Downer House and many others.
 Osjaków [ɔsˈjakuf] is a village in Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Osjaków. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1221.
 Starowa Góra [staˈrɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Rzgów and 10 km (6 mi) south of the centre regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1300.
 Karacaören is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province Turkey. It is located in the northern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Bor is 19 kilometres (12 mi) and to Niğde is 28 kilometres (17 mi). The population of Halaç was 163 as of 2011.
 Barm Shur-e Sofla (Persian: برمشورسفلي‎ also Romanized as Barm Shūr-e Soflá; also known as Bameru Barm-e Shūr-e Pā’īn Barm Shūr and Barm Shūr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 97 families.
 Szałkowo [ʂau̯ˈkɔvɔ] (German: Schalkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Iława and 63 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Rõõsa is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 19 families.
 Al-Husayniyya (Arabic: الحسينية‎) was a Palestinian village depopulated in 1948.On 13 May 1948 Haganah paramilitary forces committed a crime by killing more than 30 children and women which led the rest of the people living in the village to flee and seek shelter in Lebanon and Syria.
 Bartkowice [bartkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Kłomnice 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 305.
 Veeramangalam (Tamil: வீராமங்கலம் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Bargah (Persian: بارگاه‎ also Romanized as Bārgāh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 34 families.
 Peikkarumbankottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Boneh-ye Hajji (Persian: بنه حاجي‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Ḩājjī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 44 families.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Orzysz 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Pisz and 96 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Posht Kyubadam (Persian: پشت كيوبادام‎ also Romanized as Posht Kyūbādām) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 20 families.
 Argali is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2729 people living in 511 individual households.Argali is a plain area between the mountain where around more than 2000 people live. Khya village is in the west of argali and kalipar village in the west. Kaligandaki flows near the Argali. Historical Rana‘s palace is also there in Argali which have been turned to school now.
 Himbiliyakada is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Al-Kefr (Arabic: الكفر‎) is a village in As-Suwayda Governorate in southern Syria. It is located 8 km to the south-east of Sweida. It is famous for its forest and good wine and it was the site of several important battles through the history of the area. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics al-Kafr had a population of 7458 in the 2004 census.
 Ashnan (Persian: اشنان‎ also Romanized as Āshnān and Ashnān) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Motyl [ˈmɔtɨl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokrsko within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Mokrsko 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Wieluń and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Garab-e Olya (Persian: گراب عليا‎ also Romanized as Garāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Garāb) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 41 families.
 Polatpınarı is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Talkhavand (Persian: تلخ اوند‎ also Romanized as Talkhāvand) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stachlew [ˈstaxlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Łowicz and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1020.
 Ea Huar is a rural commune (xã) and village in the Buôn Đôn District of Đắk Lắk Province Vietnam not far from the Cambodia border. The commune covers an area of 45.91 square kilometres and as of 1999 had a population of 2255 people.
 Raniban Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1874 living in 372 individual households.
 Seyyed Razi (Persian: سيدرضي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Rāẕī; also known as Razī and Shahīd Moţahharī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1376 in 260 families.
 Koolma is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Nowe Izdebno [ˈnɔvɛ izˈdɛbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Otruda [ɔˈtruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kowalewo Pomorskie 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 70.
 Zamharir (Persian: زمهرير‎ also Romanized as Zamharīr; also known as Zamgari Zamharī and Zamharīz) is a village in Zonuzaq Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 64 families.
 Nidek [ˈnidɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieprz within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wieprz 13 km (8 mi) west of Wadowice and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1339.[citation needed]
 Deh-e Ali (Persian: ده علي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e ʿAlī) is a village in Borun Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pir Zagheh (Persian: پيرزاغه‎ also Romanized as Pīr Zāgheh) is a village in Sain Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1850 in 470 families.
 Cetyń [ˈt͡sɛtɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Trzebielino 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Bytów and 98 km (61 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 373.http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cety%C5%84
 Sygontka [sɨˈɡɔntka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyrów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Przyrów 27 km (17 mi) east of Częstochowa and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 318.
 Bełcz Mały [ˈbɛu̯t͡ʂ ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 km north-west of Wąsosz 13 km south-east of Góra and 57 km north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sanad Rashed (Persian: سندراشد‎ also Romanized as Sanad Rāshed; also known as Seyyed Rāshed) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 34 families.
 Natale is a village in Central District of Botswana. The village is located 30 km west of Francistown and it has a primary school.The population counted 1117 in the 2001 census.
 Velika Kruševica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 806 people.
 Cevizli is a village in the Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 361 people.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 103 families.
 Kasipalayam is a village in the Dindigul district of the Tamil Nadun state in India. It is also called Kalvarpatti Kasipalayam or Rangamalai Kasipalayam.The entrance of Kasipalayam was dramatically altered with the construction of the National Highway 7 and elevated flyover.Most of the inhabitants belong to the Kongu Vella Gounder community. It is famous for the Mattaparai Karruppanasamy festival which falls on the third day of Pongal next to Mattu Pongal.
 Wólka Kłucka [ˈvulka ˈkwut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Mniów and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 573.
 Dashtlu (Persian: دشتلو‎ also Romanized as Dashtlū and Dasht Lū) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 838 in 223 families.
 Mudivarthi is a village in the Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh on the east coast of India. It is located 20 km (12 mi) from Nellore city and 15 km (9.3 mi) from Kovur.
 Grav is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Sarideh (Persian: سريده‎ also Romanized as Sarīdeh; also known as Sardeh and Sereydeh) is a village in Jazin Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 100 families.
 Chah-e Arabi (Persian: چاه عربي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ‘Arabī and Chāh ‘Arabī; also known as Shāh ‘Arabī) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 24 families.
 Qarajeh-ye Mohammad (Persian: قراجه محمد‎ also Romanized as Qarājeh-ye Moḩammad and Qarājeh Moḩammad; also known as Gharajeh Mohammad Qarajeh and Verkhnyaya Karadzha) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1396 in 343 families.
 Jažići (Cyrillic: Јажићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Achanalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sirsi taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Baykent is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Kasha Rud (Persian: كش رود‎ also Romanized as Kashā Rūd and Kashrūd) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Chah-e Mohammad Amin (Persian: چاه محمدامين‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩammad Āmīn) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 22 families.
 Korczyn [ˈkɔrt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Strawczyn and 21 km (13 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 880.
 Taqiabad (Persian: تقي آباد‎ also Romanized as Taqīābād) is a village in Yateri Rural District in the Central District of Aradan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Pagolu is a village in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India is in the Krishna district near Challapalli. It has a pleasant atmosphere and three temples temples of Lord ShivaSaibaba and Lord Ram. The main occupation of people here is Agriculture.
 Abgarm (Persian: اب گرم‎ also Romanized as Ābgarm) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 15 families.
 Donja Stražava is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 722 people.
 Rugāji (Latvian: Rugāji; Latgalian: Ruguoji) is a village in and center of Rugāji municipality Latvia.
 Minićevo is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 828 people.
 Maslinovići is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Maraña (Spanish pronunciation: [maˈɾaɲa]) is a small village in Spain in the province of León in the Picos de Europa close to Asturias.The major festival is August 15 the Festival of Our Lady of Riosol
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ʿAbbāsābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lasocin [laˈsɔt͡ɕin] (formerly German Lessendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kożuchów 8 km (5 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 192.
 Kartogol (Persian: كرتگل‎; also known as Kortogol-e Pā’īn) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 34 families.
 Mina (Persian: مينا‎ also Romanized as Mīnā; also known as Mīnā Qal‘eh) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 42 families.
 Garmak (Persian: گرمك‎) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 73 families.
 Urbanie [urˈbaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Oborniki and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Poradów [pɔˈraduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Stare Zakole [ˈstarɛ zaˈkɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jeziory [jɛˈʑɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies within Wielkopolska National Park and is the site of the Park's administrative offices.
 Żardki [ˈʐartki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Drzewica 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 İnciğez is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 246 people.
 Kanakumbi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Jakubikowice [jakubikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wińsko 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Wołów and 48 kilometres (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wiktoryn [vikˈtɔrɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Ćmielów 14 km (9 mi) east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Allahka (Persian: لله كا‎ also Romanized as Allahkā; also known as Laleh Gāh and Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Leleh Kāh) is a village in Chukam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1869 in 525 families.
 Allah Chal (Persian: الله چال‎ also Romanized as Āllah Chāl; also known as Aleh Chāl) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 979 in 264 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also known as Ja‘farābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District in the Central District of Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lajjun (Arabic: اللجّون‎ al-Lajjûn) was a Palestinian Arab village located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) in Mandatory Palestine northwest of Jenin. Named after an early Roman legion camp in Syria Palaestina province called Legio located at the village site Lajjun's history of habitation spanned some 2000 years.
 Fu Nepal is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 187 people living in 43 individual households.
 Yar Kandi (Persian: ياركندي‎ also Romanized as Yār Kandī) is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Štefanec (Hungarian: Drávaszentistván) is a village in Međimurje County Croatia.The village is part of the Mala Subotica municipality. It is located just outside Čakovec the county seat of Međimurje County around 5 kilometres from the centre of the city. Situated between Čakovec and Štefanec is Ivanovec. The population of Štefanec in the 2011 census was 717.The D3 state road goes through the village.
 Chenar Kol (Persian: چناركل‎ also Romanized as Chenār Kol and Chenār Gol) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 12 families.
 Bílý Újezd is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Cham Zel-e Shahali (Persian: چم ظل شاه علي‎ also Romanized as Cham Z̧el-e Shāh‘alī; also known as Nazarabad (Persian: نظرآباد) also Romanized as Naz̄arābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Pokli is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2610 living in 529 individual households.
 Choveys-e Do (Persian: چويس دو‎; also known as Joveyz-e Do and Joveyzeh Do) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 67 families.
 Garbalut (Persian: گربلوط‎ also Romanized as Garbalūṭ) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żelazna [ʐɛˈlazna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Chynów 21 km (13 mi) east of Grójec and 40 km (25 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Jakdan (Persian: جكدان‎ also Romanized as Jakdān and Jakadān; also known as Kalūjakadān (Persian: كلوجكدان ) Jagdān Jogdān and Joghdān) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 684 in 161 families.
 Republican City is a village in Harlan County Nebraska United States. The population was 150 at the 2010 census. The town is near the Harlan County Reservoir.
 Naruszczki [naˈruʂt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Jirsar-e Baqer Khaleh (Persian: جيرسرباقرخاله‎ also Romanized as Jīrsar-e Bāqer Khāleh; also known as Jīrsar-e Bāqer) is a village in Chukam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 905 in 223 families.
 Voljevci (Serbian Cyrillic: Вољевци) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbers 719 people (2002 census) of which 702 are Serbs.
 Badikhel is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2711 in 461 individual households.
 Kibisy [kiˈbisɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Prostki 17 km (11 mi) south of Ełk and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bapsko Polje is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 260 people.
 Hernádkércs is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Polasa is a small village near Jagatyala in Karimnagar District of Andhra Pradesh India. It appears that this was an important historic town during the dynasties of Rashtrakuta Chalukya and Kakatiyas with various inscriptions referring to this place as paulastyasrama pattana polavaasadesa paulasteswarapura etc. It apparently was also an important center of Vedic learning.Acharya N.G.
 Gizmel-e Olya (Persian: گيزمل عليا‎ also Romanized as Gīzmel-e ‘Olyā and Gīzmal-e Olya; also known as Gazmel-e ‘Olyā Gezmel Gezmel-e ‘Olyā Gezmīl Gezmil-e Bālā Gīzmel-e Bālā Gizmil and Kīzmel-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 237 in 47 families.
 Sharifiyeh (Persian: شريفيه‎ also Romanized as Sharīfīyeh; also known as Hasbeh-i-Kochek Sharafī and Sharfiyeh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 15 families.
 Gazibare (Serbian: Газибаре) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tyniec Legnicki [ˈtɨɲɛt͡s lɛɡˈnit͡ski] (German: Groß Tinz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Ruja 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Legnica and 46 kilometres (29 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Owrteh Qamish (Persian: اورته قميش‎ also Romanized as Owrteh Qamīsh; also known as Oorteh Ghomish Orteh Qamīsh Owrtā Qamīsh Owrtāq Mīsh Qāmīsh Uktakh Ālmaj Ūktakht Āmlaj and Ūrtā Qamīsh) is a village in Boghrati Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 834 in 184 families.
 Langfjordhamn is a village in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located at the end of the Langfjorden about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the village of Sør-Tverrfjord. The village is very isolated with no road access only boat access. The village on the shore of a fjord surrounded by mountains with two large glaciers to the east and the west: Øksfjordjøkelen and Langfjordjøkelen.
 Chłapowo is also the name of a district of Władysławowo on the Baltic coast.Chłapowo [xwaˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Dominowo 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 150.
 Długie [ˈdwuɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Koluszki and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sejkowice [sɛi̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacyna within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Garab (Persian: گراب‎ also Romanized as Garāb and Gar Āb) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 21 families.
 Vatticherukuru is a village and a mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Vatticherukuru is a nice village and this village has many good temples. In this village the people are very traditional. Their Village Goddess is Addenkamma Talli and every year they have annual Addenkamma Tiranallu where all the village people celebrate by inviting guests friends and family members.
 Popowo [pɔˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Zła Wieś [ˈzwa ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrcz within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dobrcz 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 20.
 Boncheleh (Persian: بنچله‎) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District Shahu District Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 115 families.
 Parchnica [parxˈnit͡sa] (German: Parchnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Cedynia 44 km (27 mi) south of Gryfino and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Tłuszcz [twuʂt͡ʂ] (translation: Fat) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Czerwonka 11 km (7 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki and 75 km (47 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kiltale (Irish: Cill Táile) is a small rural community district in County Meath Ireland with a population of approx. 300. Kiltale is situated on the R154 regional road the main Dublin to Trim road. It is approximately 9 km east of Trim about 9 km west of Dunshaughlin and 19 km south of Navan.
 Gachkun (Persian: گچكون‎ also Romanized as Gachkūn) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kharkada is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2591 people living in 473 individual households.
 Kesik is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Emamzadeh-ye Seyyed Ali (Persian: امامزاده سيدعلي‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh-ye Seyyed ‘Alī; also known as Seyyed ‘Alī Mūsá Dashtāb (Persian: سيدعلي موسي دشتاب) and Emāmzādeh Seyyed ‘Alī Mūsá) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 12 families.
 Sheykh Shaban (Persian: شيخ شبان‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Shabān) is a village in Vardanjan Rural District Ben District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2689 in 666 families.
 Darreh Zagheh-ye Pain (Persian: دره زاغه پائين‎ also Romanized as Darreh Zāgheh-ye Pā’īn and Darreh Zāgheh Pā’īn; also known as Darreh Zāgheh-ye Soflá) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3651 in 907 families.
 Chąśno [ˈxɔ̃ɕnɔ] is a village in Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Chąśno. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Łowicz and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cerekwica [t͡sɛrɛkˈfit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Żnin and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 900.
 Jezerane is a village in central Croatia in the northwestern part of Lika-Senj County. It is connected by the D23 highway.
 Ulów [ˈuluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 280.
 Okonin [ɔˈkɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ropczyce within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Ropczyce and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 440.
 Burmadere is a village in the District of Damal Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Ab Kabud-e Sofla (Persian: ابكبودسفلي‎ also Romanized as Āb Kabūd-e Soflá; also known as Ābkabūd) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Vatsküla is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Rampurdih (रामपुरङीह) is a village in Darbhanga Bihar state in India. The village is also known as Dihrampur (ङीहरामपुर).
 Wrocławki [vrɔt͡sˈwafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Papowo Biskupie 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Chełmno and 25 km (16 mi) north of Toruń.
 Nowe Smarchowice [ˈnɔvɛ smarxɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Neu Marchwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Saraswor is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3855 people living in 669 individual households.
 Khvor Khurrast (Persian: خورخورست‎ also Romanized as Khvor Khūrrāst; also known as Khvor Kharrāst) is a village in Fin Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Gol Tappeh (Persian: گل تپه‎) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 43 families.
 Nabi Dar (Persian: نبي در‎ also Romanized as Nabī Dar; also known as Bī Dar) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 24 families.
 Tin (Persian: تين‎ also Romanized as Tīn) is a village in Makvan Rural District Bayangan District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 120 families.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād and Jennatābād) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 41 families.
 Nowy Ratyniec [ˈnɔvɨ raˈtɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chah-e Mohammad (Persian: چاه محمد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩammad) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kherem (Persian: خرم‎) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 17 families.
 Kallar-e Sofla (Persian: كلارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kallār-e Soflá; also known as Kallār-e Bāz‘alī and Kallār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rig Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 43 families.
 Khoshk Bur (Persian: خشكبور‎ also Romanized as Khoshk Būr; also known as Khoshkeh Būr) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 79 families.
 Zielęcin [ʑɛˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielichowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Wielichowo 6 km (4 mi) south of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ballintogher (Irish: Baile an Tóchair) is a village in County Sligo Ireland. It is located approximately 8 kilometers southeast of the county town of Sligo on the R290 road between Ballygawley to the west and Dromahair in County Leitrim to the north-east. Known as The Town of the Causeway Ballintogher is situated near Lough Gill and the Lake Isle of Innisfree made famous by the poet W. B.
 Hordzież [ˈxɔrd͡ʑeʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Serokomla 23 km (14 mi) south of Łuków and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Głodowo [ɡwɔˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Pułtusk and 64 km (40 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Dowqanlu (Persian: دوقانلو‎ also Romanized as Dowqānlū; also known as Dowghānlū) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 486 in 124 families.
 Udalumada is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ostropole [ɔstrɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Barwice 17 km (11 mi) west of Szczecinek and 127 km (79 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Deh-e Sheykh Soltan Abdollah (Persian: ده شيخ سلطان عبداله‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sheykh Solṭān ʿAbdollah; also known as Deh-e Sheykh Deh-i-Shaīkh and Deh Sheykh) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 19 families.
 Dehloran (Persian: دهلران‎ also Romanized as Dehlorān; also known as Deh Lowrān and Deh Lūrān) is a village in Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District Aghili District Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 104 families.
 Rukh (Persian: روخ‎ also Romanized as Rūkh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Taagepera is a village in Helme Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 109 (as of 1 January 2011).Taagepera is famous for its Jugendstil castle.
 Villa del Dique is located 110 kilometres (68 mi) in the southeast direction from Córdoba Argentina on the Ruta Provincial RP 51 at an altitude of 552 metres (1811 ft). In 2001 it had 2829 inhabitants.
 Muthireddy Gudem is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bhongir mandal.Muthireddygudem is 5 KM distance from Bhongir on the NH 202.
 Igostène is a village in the commune of In Salah in Tamanrasset District Tamanrasset Province Algeria. It is located 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) east of the town of In Salah.
 Kallur is a small village in Palakkad district (erstwhile Palghat) of Kerala southwest India which is almost 20 km from Palakkad town and 17 km from Ottappalam.
 Stara Huta [ˈstara ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wola Mysłowska 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Łuków and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kulakkattakurichi (Tamil:குளக்கட்டாகுறிச்சி) is a panchayat Village in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. This village is under the control of Kuruvikulam block Sankarankoil taluk
 Aydinlu (Persian: ايدينلو‎ also Romanized as Āydīnlū; also known as Āydenlū) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 33 families.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād; also known as Firuz Abad Abarghoo and Fīrūzābād Abrqū) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District in the Central District of Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 57 families.
 Majidabad-e Ardalan (Persian: مجيد آباد اردلان‎ also Romanized as Majīdābād-e Ārdalān) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District Chaharduli District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Siemiany [ɕeˈmjanɨ] (German: Schwalgendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Iława and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Moszczonne [mɔʂˈt͡ʂɔnnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kikół 10 km (6 mi) north of Lipno and 37 km (23 mi) east of Toruń.
 Dół [duu̯] (German: Daulen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Iława and 62 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 90.
 Paprotno [paˈprɔtnɔ] (German Parpart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Karnice 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Gryfice and 72 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Vaniyakarambai is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Wyszynki [vɨˈʂɨnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzyń within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Chodzież and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Hurayra (Arabic: هريرة) is a Syrian village in the Al-Zabadani District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Hurayra had a population of 2455 in the 2004 census.
 Żytowice [ʐɨtɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 18 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Siman (Persian: سيمان‎ also Romanized as Sīmān) is a village in Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 68 families.
 Mazar-e Garmi (Persian: مزارع گرمي‎ also Romanized as Mazārʿ-e Garmī) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Histhan Mandali is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2206 people living in 514 individual households.
 Dalab (Persian: دالاب‎ also Romanized as Dālāb) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sarku Sara (Persian: سركوسرا‎ also Romanized as Sarkū Sarā; also known as Sūrgūsarā) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 15 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Dam Dahaneh (Persian: حسين اباددم دهنه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Dam Dahaneh; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseynābād-e Dahaneh) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 9 families.
 Ogony [ɔˈɡɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki and 87 km (54 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Goljung is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 836 people living in 172 individual households.
 Achargaon is a union of Nandail Mymensingh. It is located on the bank on Narasundhar river on area about 5 square kilometers (1.9 sq mi). Almost 25000 people are living here.
 Gramatikovo is a village in the municipality of Malko Tarnovo in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.On 31 January a foot-and-mouth disease outbreak was discovered in the village of Gramatikovo.
 O'Brien's Bridge or O'Briensbridge (Irish: Droichead Uí Bhriain) is a village in east County Clare Ireland on the west bank of the River Shannon in a civil parish of the same name. It is named for the bridge across the Shannon at that point built by Turlough O'Brien in 1506.
 Shuru (Persian: شورو‎ also Romanized as Shūrū) is a village in Horgan Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kościelniki Górne [kɔɕt͡ɕɛlˈniki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Leśna 8 km (5 mi) south of Lubań and 124 km (77 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 589 in 134 families.
 Kamionki [kaˈmjɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Gołdap and 131 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bodzanowice [bɔd͡zanɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Botzanowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Olesno and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 1080.
 Kryniczno [krɨˈnit͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Środa Śląska and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Koila is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Puttur taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Shavvaz (Persian: شواز‎ also Romanized as Shavvāz and Shovāz and Shavāz; also known as Shāh Āvaz and Shāh ‘Evaz) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 70 families.
 Mieczysławowo [mjɛt͡ʂɨswaˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Izbica Kujawska 38 km (24 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 77 km (48 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 45.[citation needed]
 Borzechów-Kolonia [bɔˈʐɛxuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Eklizlyar is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Mrljane is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D110 highway.Adjacent to Barotul
 Wojciechów-Kolonia [vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕexuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szastarka within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kamar Sabz (Persian: كمرسبز‎ also Romanized as Kamar-e Sabz; also known as Kamarsuz and Kamar Boz) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 16 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Molla Amir (Persian: حسين ابادملاامير‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Mollā Amīr and Hosein Abad Molla Amir) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 79 families.
 Zbrzeźnica [zbʐɛʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Zambrów and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ponnachi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kollegal taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Bisaftir is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Karaağaçlı is a village in the District of Germencik Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 388 people.
 Eynabad (Persian: عين اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eynābād and Ainābād; also known as Eyn Abad Hajebloo) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 98 families.
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيماباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 31 families.
 Karszówka [karˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gózd within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Radom and 99 km (62 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Szűr is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Ajjipura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kollegal taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Zabajka [zaˈbai̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów Małopolski within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Głogów Małopolski and 14 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Chah-e Seyyed (Persian: چاه سيد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Seyyed) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ujazdy [uˈjazdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Nozdrzec 16 km (10 mi) north of Brzozów and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Wola Radłowska [ˈvɔla radˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Radłów 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Tarnów and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1060.
 Tazehabad-e Qazi Ali (Persian: تازه آباد قاضي علي‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Qāẕī ‘Alī and Tāzehābād Qāẕī ‘Alī; also known as Tāzehābād-e Qāzī) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 16 families.
 Opatowice [ɔpatɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Borów 10 km (6 mi) north of Strzelin and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Czaczów [ˈt͡ʂat͡ʂuf] (Ukrainian: Чачів Chachiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Łabowa 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Nowy Sącz and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kokatnoor is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Sohra Ghazanfariyeh Shomali (Persian: صحراغضنفريه شمالي‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrā Ghaẕanfarīyeh Shomālī) is a village in Nurabad Rural District Garkan-e Jonubi District Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 7 families.
 Bągart [ˈbɔŋɡart] (German: Baumgart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kijewo Królewskie 13 km (8 mi) south of Chełmno 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Toruń and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Przystajnia [pʂɨsˈtai̯ɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Brzeziny 21 km (13 mi) south of Kalisz and 126 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Yaralujeh (Persian: يارالوجه‎ also Romanized as Yārālūjeh; also known as Yaraldzha and Yārālūcheh) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Adamów [aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Budziszewice (the gmina seat) 17 km (11 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nowy Sławoszew [ˈnɔvɨ swaˈvɔʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kawęczyn 18 km (11 mi) south of Turek and 128 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Justynów [jusˈtɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Andrespol and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Solarnia [sɔˈlarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawonków within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Pawonków 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Lubliniec and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Ćavarov Stan is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is pure Croatian village with 46 inhabitants.Name Ćavarov Stan means Ćavar's Residence. Ćavar is last name of majority of inhabitants.
 Konarzewo-Skuze [kɔnaˈʐɛvɔ ˈskuzɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Akbaba is a village in the District of Sultandağı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Dobieszyn [dɔˈbjɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlicze within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jedlicze 5 km (3 mi) west of Krosno and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1400.
 Qurjineh (Persian: قورجينه‎ also Romanized as Qūrjīneh; also known as Ghooreh Jineh Kurrehjin Qowreh Chīneh Qūrah Jīnah Qūreh Chīneh Qūreh Jenyeh and Qūreh Jīneh) is a village in Kuhin Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1095 in 195 families.
 Kavaklı Sultanhisar is a village in the District of Sultanhisar Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 861 people.
 Komarthy is a village in Andhra Pradesh India.
 Wanguty [vanˈɡutɨ] (German Wangotten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Reszel 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 7.
 Quzluy-e Olya (Persian: قوزلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kozlu-giaria Qowzlū-ye Bālā Qowzlū-ye ‘Olyā Qozlū and Qūzlū) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 68 families.
 Shirin Daraq (Persian: شيرين درق‎ also Romanized as Shīrīn Daraq) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 34 families.
 Gheybollah (Persian: غيب اله‎ also Romanized as Gheybollāh) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 22 families.
 Prawęcin [praˈvɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kunów 12 km (7 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 292.
 Chandesh (In Hindi:चंडेश) via Noan District: Kaimur Bihar IndiaChandesh is a typical Indian village of farmers where many of India's most valued cultural forms flourish. It has a large population of Hindus and Muslims and has strategic importance due its central location. The Chandesh Chauk has gained increasing importance in trade and commerce and holds promise of much more. There are numerous general stores medical textile electronic forges grocery and sweet shops.
 Kije [ˈkijɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Mazraeh-ye Mirza Taqi (Persian: مزرعه ميرزاتقي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mīrzā Taqī; also known as Mazra‘eh Tāqi and Mazra‘eh-ye Taqī) is a village in Sefiddasht Rural District in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qasr-e Ali (Persian: قصرعلي‎ also Romanized as Qaşr-e ‘Alī) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 577 in 125 families.
 Kadja is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Kasanaq (Persian: كسانق‎ also Romanized as Kasānaq; also known as Kasalan Kāsānā and Kaslān) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 121 families.
 Cebeli is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Hir Shahabad (Persian: هيرشاه اباد‎ also Romanized as Hīr Shāhābād) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Shaban (Persian: شعبان‎ also Romanized as Sha‘bān and Shabon; also known as Sa‘bān Sha‘bānābād and Shābūn) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1756 in 485 families.
 Testman is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Manuiyeh (Persian: منوئيه‎ also Romanized as Mānū’īyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 8 families.
 Dębnik [ˈdɛmbnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Reszel 16 km (10 mi) west of Kętrzyn and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Bukowno [buˈkɔvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztyn within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Częstochowa and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 281.
 Molza [ˈmɔlza] (German: Moldsen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łukta 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 29 km (18 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 360.
 Trzcinica [tʂt͡ɕiˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielichowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wielichowo 10 km (6 mi) south of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Quzluy-e Sofla (Persian: قوزلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūy-e Soflá; also known as Qowzlū-ye Pā‘īn and Qozlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 31 families.
 Garab Kuchek (Persian: گراب كوچك‎ also Romanized as Garāb Kūcheḵ; also known as Garāb-e ‘Olyā and Garāb) is a village in Tarhan-e Sharqi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 606 in 119 families.
 Krebsówka [krɛpˈsufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.In 2007 the village had a population of 280.
 Flujerd (Persian: فلوجرد‎ also Romanized as Flūjerd) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 25 families.
 Anchery is a village that is a part of Puthuppally Panchayat in the Kottayam district of Kerala South India.
 Merrionette Park is a village in Cook County Illinois United States. The population was 1900 as of the 2010 census.
 Gazugan (Persian: گزوگان‎ also Romanized as Gazūgān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Makowo [maˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dastjerd-e Aqa Bozorg (Persian: دستجرداقابزرگ‎ also Romanized as Dastjerd-e Āqā Bozorg and Dastjerd-e Aqā Bozorg; also known as Dashtjerd-e Āqā Bozorg and Dastgerd) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1061 in 266 families.
 Zakaleń [zaˈkalɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kolno and 91 km (57 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 268.
 Jagh-e Kutak (Persian: جغ كوتك‎ also Romanized as Jagh-e Kūtak and Jegh Kūtak; also known as Jeq) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported. Resident of Jagh-e Kutak are well known for their extensive jagh (more than 10 times a day).
 Bříství is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Gaz Bashi (Persian: گزباشي‎ also Romanized as Gaz Bāshī and Gezbāshī; also known as Yūz Bāshī and Gazbāshī-ye Soflá) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 598 in 146 families.
 Qabar-e Mohammad Hasan (Persian: قبرمحمدحسن‎ also Romanized as Qabar-e Moḩammad Ḩasan) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hänga is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kozlu is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 188 people.
 Ali Hoseyna (Persian: علي حسينا‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Ḩoseynā) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Maliniak [maˈliɲak] (German Schertingswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Morąg 25 km (16 mi) north of Ostróda and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Bagh-e Khuni (Persian: باغ خوني‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Khūnī) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6 in 5 families.
 Donji Komren is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Agrahara Valagerehalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Channapatna taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Mankhal is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal.
 Strużal [ˈstruʐal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Chełmża and 16 km (10 mi) north of Toruń.
 Satpakhali is a village in Kamrup rural district situated in south bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Hoseynabad-e Amiri (Persian: حسين اباداميري‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Amīrī; also known as Ḩoseynjān and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 20 families.
 Łapanów [waˈpanuf] is a village in Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łapanów. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kamam (Persian: كامم‎ also Romanized as Kāmam) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 16 families.
 Kozare is a village in Karnobat Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Žďárky (German: Kleinbrand) is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jamshidabad-e Heydar (Persian: جمشيدابادحيدر‎ also Romanized as Jamshīdābād-e Ḩeydar; also known as Jamshīdābād and Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Isırganlı is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 96 people.
 Shakeriyeh (Persian: شاكريه‎ also Romanized as Shākerīyeh) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 636 in 105 families.
 Mahagama Egodagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vanamõisa is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Chehreh Barq (Persian: چهره برق‎; also known as Chehreh Saraq Churabara and Chūrabūr) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 17 families.
 Harsil is a village and a cantonment area on the banks of Bhagirathi River on the way to Hindu pilgrimage Gangotri in Uttarkashi district of Indian state of Uttarakhand ).Situated at a height of 7860 ft (2620 metres.) from sea level Harsil lies 73 km. from Uttarkashi and 30 km away from Harsil lies the Gangotri National Park spread over 1553 square km.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kutno and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Myintha is a village on the Chindwin River in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Mali Grđevac is a village in the municipality Veliki Grđevac Bjelovar-Bilogora County in Croatia. According to the 2001 census there are 13 inhabitants in 8 of family households.
 Franklinville is a village in Cattaraugus County New York United States. The population was 1740 at the 2010 census. The community was named after William Temple Franklin an agent with the Holland Land Company and the grandson of Founding Father Benjamin Franklin.The Village of Franklinville is in the northeast part of the Town of Franklinville.
 Wiski [ˈviski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Komarówka Podlaska 24 km (15 mi) east of Radzyń Podlaski and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 328.
 Jamshidabad (Persian: جمشيداباد‎ also Romanized as Jamshīdābād; also known as Jamshīdābād-e Gorīrān) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 22 families.
 Jałowęsy [jawɔˈvɛ̃sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Opatów and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. From 1975-1998 the town was part of the Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship.The village has a population of 450.
 Faryab (Persian: فارياب‎ also Romanized as Fāryāb) is a village in Faryab Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1526 in 309 families.
 Khvansharaf (Persian: خوان شرف‎ also Romanized as Khvānsharaf; also known as Khāneh Sharīf Khān Sharaf Khushara Khūshāreh and Khvoshāreh) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1879 in 430 families.
 Jabaranpur is a small village of Saidpur lok sabha of district Ghazipur.
 Reola is a village in Ülenurme Parish Tartu County Estonia. It's located about 9 km south of Tartu the second largest city in Estonia just next to Ülenurme and Tõrvandi. Reola is passed by the Tallinn–Tartu–Võru–Luhamaa road (E263) and the Tartu–Koidula railway. Tartu Airport is located on the territory of Reola village. As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 174.The Reola Manor (Rewold) was mentioned in 1522 nowadays it's located in the neighbouring Uhti village.
 Mahi Dasht (Persian: ماهي دشت‎ also Romanized as Māhī Dasht) is a village in Fahraj Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 59 families.
 Kumlupınar is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 735 people.
 Kalamar (Persian: كلمر‎ also Romanized as Kalmor) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād; also known as Asadābād-e Mahdavī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 40 families.
 Mieszki Wielkie [ˈmjɛʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ciechanów and 72 km (45 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Żeniówka also known as Ziniówka Ziuniuwka or Ziniejowka was a Polish settlement in the Wołyń Voivodeship (1921–1939) gmina Warkowicze Dubno county on the Ikva River in Second Polish Republic before the Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland in September 1939.The village (with present location in sovereign Ukraine) was the site of Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA) ethnic cleansing operations between 1942 and 1945 and no longer exists.
 Herbaijum (West Frisian: Hjerbeam) is a small village in Franekeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 258 citizens (2009).
 Kamionek Wielki [kaˈmjɔnɛk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Węgorzewo and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Qarah Yataq (Persian: قره ياتاق‎ also Romanized as Qarah Yātāq) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 27 families.
 Markiszki [marˈkiʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Saanika is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Niemojew [ɲɛˈmɔjɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lututów 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 180.
 Koruj (Persian: كروج‎ also Romanized as Korūj; also known as Korūch) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 10 families.
 Lande is a village in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the Tosen fjord an arm of the Bindalsfjorden about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) southwest of Tosbotn. The village is an old church site and currently the location of Tosen Chapel.
 Promyk [ˈprɔmɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Anguil is a village and rural locality (municipality) in the Capital Department in La Pampa Province in Argentina. It is located at the edge of National Route 5 approximately 26 km from the city of Santa Rosa.
 Khvajeh-ye Fazel Allah (Persian: خواجه فضل اله‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh-ye Faz̤el Allah) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Khanvadeh Shohda (Persian: تلمبه خانواده شهدا‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Khānvādeh Shohdā) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Hoseynabad (Persian: تلمبه حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 20 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Sadeqi (Persian: تلمبه صادقي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Şādeqī) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District Now Bandegan District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 8 families.
 Bazargarah Molla Aqa (Persian: بزرگراه ملااقا‎ also Romanized as Bazargarāh Mollā Āqā) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 15 families.
 Tsinga or Singa is a village in Indonesia located in Western New Guinea in the kabupaten of Mimika Regency.
 Menj-e Shirin (Persian: منجشيرين‎ also Romanized as Menj-e Shīrīn) is a village in Pirakuh Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 58 families.
 Neuměřice is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Shahrak-e Shahid Mohammad Montazeri (Persian: شهرك شهيد محمد منتظري‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Moḩammad Montaz̧erī; also known as Shahrak-e Āyatollāh Montaz̧erī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3599 in 787 families.
 Gręboszów [ɡrɛmˈbɔʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Namysłów and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nagycsány is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajj Ali Barat (Persian: قشلاق حاج علي برات‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj ‘Alī Barāt) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Mopungchuket is an Ao village in Mokokchung District in the state of Nagaland in India.The village is associated with legends such as the romantic story of Jina and Etiben called the Romeo and Juliet of the Ao Naga tribes. A tower commemorating this story is a prominent feature of the village.At the vicinity of the village is a lake with boating facility and guesthouse. Time-Pillar village museum morungs and monuments are worth visiting.
 Baryan (Persian: باريان‎ also Romanized as Bāryān; also known as Bāryūn) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 8 families.
 Chahar Gush (Persian: چهارگوش‎ also Romanized as Chahār Gūsh; also known as Charāh Gūsh) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 34 families.
 Harabdeh (Persian: حرب ده‎ also Romanized as Ḩarabdeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 618 in 138 families.
 Meggarine Guedima is a village in the commune of Megarine in Megarine District Ouargla Province Algeria. The village is located 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) northwest of Ain Beida and 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) east of the provincial capital Ouargla.
 Platerówka [platɛˈrufka] (German: Nieder Linde) is a village in Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Platerówka. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Lubań and 130 kilometres (81 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 580.
 Buczyn Szlachecki [ˈbut͡ʂɨn ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Kosów Lacki 13 km (8 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 90 km (56 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Długi Kierz [ˈdwuɡi ˈkʲɛʂ] (kash. Dłudżi Cierz) is a Kashubian village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Sierakowice 16 km (10 mi) west of Kartuzy and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 301.
 Chah Navin (Persian: چاه نوين‎ also Romanized as Chāh Navīn) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Malek Kola (Persian: ملك كلا‎ also Romanized as Malek Kolā) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2525 in 662 families.
 Pustelnik [pusˈtɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brzeźnio 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 120.
 Ferudegah Khorramabad (Persian: فرودگاه خرم آباد‎ also Romanized as Ferūdegāh Khorramabad) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Sabzak (Persian: سبزك‎ also Romanized as Sabzok; also known as Īshak Chūpān and Sabzeh) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 62 families.
 Güdülge is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Kavlatan is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 112 people.
 Mileszewy [milɛˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Pirudanlu (Persian: پيرودانلو‎ also Romanized as Pīrūdānlū; also known as Pīr Dūlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 26 families.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 8 families.
 Borowina [bɔrɔˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rosnowo [rɔsˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Trzcińsko-Zdrój 34 km (21 mi) south of Gryfino and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Planintsi Gabrovo Province is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Sofular is a village in the District of Ağaçören Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Shir Mard (Persian: شيرمرد‎ also Romanized as Shīr Mard) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 104 families.
 Shimpewadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Konstantynów [kɔnstanˈtɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Biała Rawska 21 km (13 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zgon is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chittipothuvaripalem is a small village under Rompicherla mandalam in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.In this village 99% of people are belongs to kamma community.
 Boneh-ye Amir Asgar (Persian: بنه اميرعسگر‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Āmīr ‘Asgar; also known as Boneh-ye ‘Asgar) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 34 families.
 Nangamangalam is a village in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Kozice [kɔˈʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gozdowo 14 km (9 mi) south of Sierpc and 111 km (69 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 60.
 Dikyamaç is a village in the District of Arhavi Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 93 people.
 Alinabad (Persian: عالين اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālīnābād; also known as ‘Ālīābād) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 12 families.
 Chmielniki [xmjɛlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Suchowola 37 km (23 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 110.
 Nur Mohammad Kandi (Persian: نورمحمدكندي‎ also Romanized as Nūr Moḩammad Kandī; also known as Nūr Moḩammad) is a village in Korani Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 43 families.
 Malinówka [maliˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Brzozówka [bʐɔˈzufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Uniejów 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kuh Sefid (Persian: كوه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Kūh Sefīd) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 10 families.
 Bondorabad (Persian: بندراباد‎ also Romanized as Bondorābād Bandarābād and Bondarābād) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 738 in 213 families.
 Rakite (Serbian: Раките) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khaskusma is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3839 and had 658 houses in the town.
 Qoroq (Persian: قرق‎ also Romanized as Qūruq) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 76 families.
 Khomajin (Persian: خماجين‎ also Romanized as Khomājīn; also known as Khūmājin and Khvomeyn) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 70 families.
 Katemjan-e Yusefali (Persian: كتمجان يوسفعلي‎ also Romanized as Katemjān-e Yūsef‘alī and Kotamjān-e Yūsef‘alī) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 36 families.
 Ruku (Persian: روكو‎ also Romanized as Rūkū) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād and ‘Ishqābād) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Sadabad-e Sofla (Persian: سعدابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dābād-e Soflá; also known as Sa‘dābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 10 families.
 Batėgala is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 419 people.
 Dychawica [dɨxaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Siah Kola (Persian: سياه كلا‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kolā Seyāh Kalā Sīāh Kalā and Siāh Kola; also known as Mordi) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 105 families.
 Rudawka [ruˈdafka] (Lithuanian: Rudauka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Płaska 36 km (22 mi) east of Augustów and 87 km (54 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 180.
 Lougheed is a village in central Alberta Canada. It is located 94 km south-east of Camrose along Highway 13.
 Kalinowo [kaliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Giżycko and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 100.
 Ruja [ˈruja] (German: Royn) is a village in Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Ruja. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Legnica and 45 kilometres (28 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kłodzino [kwɔˈd͡ʑinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przelewice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Przelewice 15 km (9 mi) east of Pyrzyce and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 600.
 Sadokrzyce [sadɔˈkʂɨt͡sɛ] is a rich village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wróblew 13 km (8 mi) west of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź. This village arise in 1314.
 Zaręby-Warchoły [zaˈrɛmbɨ varˈxɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Andrzejewo 26 km (16 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 112 km (70 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 180.
 Erdőhorváti is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. As of 2008 it had a population of 616.
 Chruściki [xruɕˈt͡ɕiki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Zagórów 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Słupca and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 30.
 Kari Dazan (Persian: كري دازان‎ also Romanized as Karī Dāzān; also known as Kowrīderāzun) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Bakhyarkiyatag is a village in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Górzno-Kolonia [ˈɡuʐnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Zakrzów [ˈzakʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Oksa 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 280.
 Deh Bekr (Persian: دهبکر‎ also Romanized as Dehbokar) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 539 in 82 families.
 Kalutan (Persian: كلوتان‎ also Romanized as Kalūtān) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 53 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Hoseyn Jafari (Persian: تلمبه محمدحسين جعفري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Ḩoseyn Ja‘farī) is a village in Banaruiyeh Rural District Banaruiyeh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 11 families.
 Dasht-e Zagh-e Abdan (Persian: دشت زاغ ابدان‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Zāgh-e Ābdān) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 94 families.
 Gomulin [ɡɔˈmulin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Borowa 5 km (3 mi) south of Mzurki and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 960.
 Chaungzon is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Westhem (West Frisian: Westhim) is a small village of Súdwest-Fryslân municipality in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 97 citizens (2007). Until 2011 belonged to the former municipality of Wymbritseradiel.
 Sheykh Serjin (Persian: شيخ سرجين‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Serjīn) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 38 families.
 Sieniawka [ɕeˈɲafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łagiewniki 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 450.The lake of Sieniawka is located close to the village.
 Adelabad (Persian: عادل اباد‎ also Romanized as ʿĀdelābād) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rzeczyca Długa [ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa ˈdwuɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl nad Sanem within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Radomyśl nad Sanem 6 km (4 mi) north of Stalowa Wola and 67 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 800.
 Uśmierz [ˈuɕmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dołhobyczów 34 km (21 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 132 km (82 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 30.
 Divdan (Persian: ديودان‎ also Romanized as Dīvdān) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 19 families.
 Shahidabad (Persian: شهيداباد‎ also Romanized as Shahīdābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4086 in 1003 families.
 Hasan Langi-ye Pain (Persian: حسن لنگي پائين‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Langī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Ḩasan Langī) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 888 in 186 families.
 Puerto Bermejo is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Nhuận Phú Tân is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District Bến Tre Province Vietnam. The commune covers 18.47 km² with a population of 13136 (as of 1999) the population density of 711 inhabitants/km².
 Bidak-e Olya (Persian: بيدك عليا‎ also Romanized as Bīdak-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bīdak) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 39 families.
 Gumowo [ɡuˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Ciechanów and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kobierzycko [kɔbjɛˈʐɨt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Wróblew 11 km (7 mi) west of Sieradz and 63 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stromiecka Wola [strɔˈmjɛt͡ska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Stromiec 8 km (5 mi) east of Białobrzegi and 65 km (40 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 280.
 Chenaq Bolagh (Persian: چناق بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Chenāq Bolāgh; also known as Jenāq Bolāgh) is a village in Naqdi Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 11 families.
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād and Nasrābād; also known as Nasirābād Naşrābād-e Jīrūyeh and Naşrābād-e Jīrvīeh) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 40 families.
 Dungar (Persian: دونگر‎ also Romanized as Dūngar) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kierz [kʲɛʂ] (German: Kerschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Lidzbark Warmiński and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Uch Daraq (Persian: اوچ درق‎ also Romanized as Ūch Daraq; also known as Owch Darreh and Ūch Darreh) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mączniki [mɔnt͡ʂˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 210.
 Lalgarh is a village in Binpur–I community development block under the Jhargram subdivision of West Midnapore district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Lalgarh is the headquarters of Binpur–I CD block. Midnapore Railway station is the nearest important station about 45 km from the village. Lalgrah came under media attention at the beginning of November 2008.
 Buddireddipatti is a village in Dharmapuri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Melhu Azim Khan (Persian: ملهوعظيم خان‎ also Romanized as Melhū ʿAẓīm Khān) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Mieczki [ˈmjɛt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytuły within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pataunja is a village in Farrukhabad District in India. The village is 17 k.m and two turns by road from Chhibramau on the grand trunk road i.e. Highway no. 91.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād; also known as Eshkambarābād Shekambarābād Ishtambarābād and Shekambor Abad) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 42 families.
 Falenty [faˈlɛntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Raszyn 10 km (6 mi) east of Pruszków and 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 690.
 Udagatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Żuława [ʐuˈwava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sosnówka 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 81 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Wola Rafałowska [ˈvɔla rafaˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mrozy 18 km (11 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 57 km (35 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Wrześcienko [vʐɛɕˈt͡ɕɛnkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wicko 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Lębork and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 163.
 Karpaty [karˈpatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Cekcyn 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Tuchola and 46 km (29 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Sepci (Serbian: Сепци) is a village in the municipality of Rača Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 673 people.
 Cooraclare (Irish: Cuar an Chláir meaning Recess of the Plain) is a village near Kilrush in County Clare Ireland and a Catholic parish by the same name.
 Bagh Marghzar (Persian: باغ مرغزار‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Marghzār; also known as Marghzār) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bogujevac is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 26 people.
 Pardan (Persian: پردان‎ also Romanized as Pardān; also known as Pardūn Ferdū and Pherdu) is a village in Zohan Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 130 families.
 Centro 25 de Junio is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Shaban (Persian: شعبان‎ also Romanized as Sha‘bān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 20 families.
 Kızık is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ariyapadaiveedu is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu.
 Karaköy is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 328 people.
 Lubomino [lubɔˈminɔ] (German Arnsdorf) is a village in Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubomino.
 Bendern is a village of Liechtenstein located in the municipality of Gamprin.
 Gothgau is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2368 people living in 465 individual households.
 Mohammadabad-e Gar Gar (Persian: محمدابادگرگر‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Gar Gar and Moḩammadābād-e Kar Kar; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Ebrahimabad Rural District Ramand District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 20 families.
 Kosowa Niwa [kɔˈsɔva ˈniva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Czersk 16 km (10 mi) east of Chojnice and 92 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 3.
 Shirjeh Kola (Persian: شيرجه كلا‎ also Romanized as Shīrjeh Kolā) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 95 families.
 Bayramlı is a village in Uzunköprü district of Edirne Province Turkey It is situated in the eastern Trakya (Thrace) plains at 41°18′N 26°49′E. The distance to Uzunköprü is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) . The population of the village was 444 as of 2011. The old name of this village was Tarnovo. It was a big Bulgarian village during the Ottoman Empire era. But after the Second Balkan War the Bulgarian population was forced to leave the settlement.
 Augustówka [auɡusˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Siemień 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Parczew and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Hajjiabad-e Muzi (Persian: حاجي ابادموزي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Mūzī; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Shapur Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 102 families.
 Godów [ˈɡɔduf] is a village and the seat of Gmina Godów Wodzisław County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It lies near the border with the Czech Republic. The Olza River flows through the village's southern outskirts.Although it does not lie within the historical borders of Cieszyn Silesia it is a part of Euroregion Cieszyn Silesia.Well-known Polish actor Franciszek Pieczka was born here.
 Ernstowo [ɛrnsˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kalateh-ye Khan (Persian: كلاته خان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khān; also known as Kalāt-ye Khān and Kalāt-e Jān Maḩmūd) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 13 families.
 Kılıçkaya is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Górki Zadzimskie [ˈɡurki zaˈd͡ʑimskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zadzim 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gashnerud (Persian: گشنه رود‎ also Romanized as Gashnerūd) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 21 families.
 Dashli (Persian: داشلي‎ also Romanized as Dāshlī) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Kalat (Persian: كلات‎ also Romanized as Kalāt and Kelāt; also known as Kalāk and Qalat) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District Delvar District Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 79 families.
 Sorlagondi is a village in Nagayalanka mandal of Krishna district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is about 14 kilometers from Nagayalanka. It is well connected to other villages and towns. It is 3KM far from the Bay of Bangal. The main occupation of the villagers is agriculture. It has two primary schools. Primary schools are very famous and many of its students are highly educated and well settled across the globe. It produced many talented engineers and other professionals.
 Sadkówek [satˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kąty Wrocławskie and 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Andawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bobova is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 391 people.
 Gliniak [ˈɡliɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 39 km (24 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Tlustice is a village in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 930 inhabitants.
 Gunjevići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Przyłęki [pʂɨˈwɛnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Pełczyce 25 km (16 mi) south of Choszczno and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 6.
 Zielonka [ʑeˈlɔŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Trzydnik Duży 10 km (6 mi) south of Kraśnik and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Arentowo [arɛnˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miasteczko Krajeńskie within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Miasteczko Krajeńskie 21 km (13 mi) east of Piła and 80 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Owjan (Persian: اوجان‎ also Romanized as Owjān; also known as Ojān) is a village in Shakhen Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 942 in 220 families.
 Hendvar (Persian: هندور‎) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 667 in 164 families.
 Eyn ol Din (Persian: عين الدين‎ also Romanized as ‘Eyn ol Dīn ‘Eyn ed Dīn and ‘Eyn od Dīn) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2397 in 510 families.It is located 66 kilometers south east of Tabriz the capital of the province. It is approximately 1200 hectares.Some believe that the center of the ancient city Ujan has been near the village.
 Sar Gol (Persian: سرگل‎) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 7 families.
 Sheykhan Karag (Persian: شيخان كرگ‎ also Romanized as Sheykhān Karag; also known as Karag and Sheykhān Gorg) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 88 families.
 Gummileru is a village near Mandapeta in East Godavari district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The village contains a Jain temple with statues found in the village from the late 1980s. The local economy mainly deals in rice farming.Gummileru is 5.4 km far from its Mandal Main Town Alamuru. Gummileru is located 37 km distance from its District Main City Kakinada. It is located 369 km distance from its State Main City Hyderabad.
 Halakusugal is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kaimri is a village in Hisar tehsil and district in the Indian state of Haryana.
 Miševići is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khujin (Persian: خوجين‎ also Romanized as Khūjīn and Khowjīn) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2720 in 773 families.
 Mladenovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Младеново) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality in the South Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3358 people (2002 census).
 Chikkulligeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Liplje is a village situated in Ljig municipality in Serbia.
 Sabz (Persian: سبز‎ also Romanized as Sabez) is a village in Qaflankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1198 in 304 families.
 Seh Bardan (Persian: سه بردان‎ also Romanized as Seh Bardān; also known as Seh Bardūn) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 37 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Malek Qaleh (Persian: قشلاق ملك قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Malek Qal‘eh) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 51 families.
 Sucha [ˈsuxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Żerków 14 km (9 mi) east of Jarocin and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kuźmy [ˈkuʑmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dmosin 17 km (11 mi) north of Brzeziny and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bozgodar-e Sofla (Persian: بزگدارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bozgodār-e Soflá; also known as Bozgodār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 35 families.
 Chahar Borj (Persian: چهاربرج‎ also Romanized as Chahār Borj) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Antonin [anˈtɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 160.
 Dinarabad (Persian: ديناراباد‎ also Romanized as Dīnārābād) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 70 families.
 Sierbowice [ɕɛrbɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pilica 17 km (11 mi) east of Zawiercie and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Lubno [ˈlubnɔ] (German Liebenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiszyn (German Ludwigsruh) within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lubiszyn and 16 km (10 mi) west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 740.
 Andipattakkadu is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kleszczewo [klɛʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bledzew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Bledzew 14 km (9 mi) west of Międzyrzecz 32 km (20 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 59 km (37 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 390.
 Sittanavasal (Tamil name: சித்தன்னவாசல்) is a small hamlet in Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu India. It is known for the Sittanavasal Cave a 2nd-century Jain cave complex. From the 7th to the 9th century A.D. the village flourished as a Jain centre.
 Zawieprzyce-Kolonia [zavjɛˈpʂɨt͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spiczyn within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Spiczyn 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Łęczna and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 330.
 Kollangarai Vallundanpattu is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Lubejki [luˈbɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Turośń Kościelna and 11 km (7 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dizaj-e Sefid (Persian: ديزج سفيد‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Sefīd; also known as Dīzas-e Sefīd) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 10 families.
 Aktaş is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 62 people.
 Guardalavaca is a town in the Holguín Province of Cuba. It is a tourist location due to its white sandy beaches and warm waters.
 Qeshlaq-e Khurasha-ye Sofla (Persian: قشلاق خورشاسفلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Khūrāshā-ye Soflá; also known as Qeshlāq-e Khūrāshā) is a village in Dizmar-e Markazi Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 Sarkahnan (Persian: سركهنان‎ also Romanized as Sarkahnān; also known as Sarkahnū) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Haymar (Persian: حايمر‎ also Romanized as Ḩāymar) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 11 families.
 Uppinbetageri is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Qaleh-ye Harasam (Persian: قلعه هرسم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Harasam and Qal‘eh Harasam; also known as Harasam) is a village in Harasam Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 698 in 152 families.
 Batuli (Persian: باطولي‎ also Romanized as Bāţūlī and Bātūlī) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Raya-varam is a village in the district of Medak in the state of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Hocaköy is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 312 people.
 Świdnik [ˈɕfʲidɲik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowica within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 600.
 Wiersze [ˈvjɛrʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Czosnów 12 km (7 mi) south of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kach Kurin (Persian: كچ كورين‎ also Romanized as Kach Kūrīn; also known as Kajgūrīn and Qal‘eh-ye Tarān) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 23 families.
 Latif (Persian: لطيف‎ also Romanized as Laţīf) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 7 families.
 Łaszew [ˈwaʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchlas within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wierzchlas 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Wieluń and 91 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shiran (Persian: شيران‎ also Romanized as Shīrān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Amirabad (Persian: مزرعه امير آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Amīrābād; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 26 families.
 Niesułowo-Pach [ɲesuˈwɔvɔ ˈpax] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Cumalı is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 176 people.
 Herbel (Arabic: حربل‎ also spelled Herbil) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate located northeast of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Tell Rifaat to the northwest Mare' to the northeast and Ihras to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Herbel had a population of 3403 in the 2004 census.
 Błuskajmy Wielkie [bwusˈkai̯mɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Bloßkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Korsze 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 65.
 Stary Dwór [ˈstarɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Chmielno 14 km (9 mi) west of Kartuzy and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Darreh Seheh (Persian: دره صحه‎ also Romanized as Darreh Şeḩeh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 42 families.
 Laho is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Band-e Majid Khan (Persian: بندمجيدخان‎ also Romanized as Band-e Majīd Khān; also known as Band) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Deh-e Now Molla Esmail (Persian: دهنوملااسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Now Mollā Esmā‘īl and Deh Now-e Mollā Esmā‘īl) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 38 families.
 Jeńki [ˈjɛɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Sokoły 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 25 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wilczopole-Kolonia [vilt͡ʂɔˈpɔlɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Doraliyadda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bath is a village on the Saint John River in Carleton County New Brunswick Canada. As of the Canada 2011 Census it had a population of 532. Its mayor is Troy F. J. Stone.Bath is also famous for the annual Bath Fall Fair which takes place every Labour Day with a parade and fair and to end the night fireworks.
 Tuzluçal is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Wilcze [ˈvilt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Osielsko and 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Siwianka [ɕiˈvjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbiel within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kołbiel 12 km (7 mi) east of Otwock and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 160.
 Czarnówek [t͡ʂarˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Szczuczyn 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Zborówek Nowy [zbɔˈruvɛk ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.The village has a population of 181.
 Zagorje (Albanian: Zogaj-Zagorje Serbian: Zagorje) is a village located in the Municipality of Vučitrn District of Kosovska Mitrovica Kosovo.
 Kahn-e Qazi (Persian: كهن قاضي‎ also Romanized as Kahn-e Qāẕī and Kahn-e Qāzī; also known as Kahn-e Qāzt Kohneh Qāẕat and Qanāt-e Qāẕī) is a village in Horjand Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 41 families.
 Kumpınar Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Vukošić is a village in the municipality of Vladimirci Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 748 people.
 Qeshlaq-e Ahmadi (Persian: قشلاق احمدي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Aḩmadī) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 485 in 76 families.
 Deh Boneh (Persian: ده بنه‎) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dastgerd (Persian: دستگرد‎ also Romanized as Dast Gerd) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 12 families.
 Muruiyeh (Persian: موروييه‎ also Romanized as Mūrū’īyeh; also known as Mooroo’eyeh Siriz Morū Mowrū and Muru) is a village in Siriz Rural District Yazdanabad District Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 590 in 145 families.
 Ab Nuk (Persian: اب نوك‎ also Romanized as Āb Nūk; also known as Ābnūk) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 34 families.
 Bugeria II is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wąbrzeźno and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Szedziec [ˈʂɛd͡ʑɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Mazraeh-ye Pir Hoseyn (Persian: مزرعه پيرحسين‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Pīr Ḩoseyn) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rolla is a village and mandal in Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Boćevica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 151 people.
 Işıklar is a village in the District of Karpuzlu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 170 people.
 Nijehaske is a small village in Skarsterlân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 50 citizens (2004).
 Vilusi (Cyrillic: Вилуси) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deh-e Bar Aftab-e Olya (Persian: ده برافتاب عليا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bar Āftāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bar Āftāb and Deh-e Bar Āftāb) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1113 in 232 families.
 Amir ol Mowmenin (Persian: اميرالمومنين‎ also Romanized as Amīr ol Mow’menīn and Amīr al Mūminīn; also known as Amīr Mow’menīn and Amīr ol Mo’menīn) is a village in Asiab Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 831 in 163 families.
 Zaistovec is a village in Croatia.
 Gaharkuh (Persian: گهركوه‎ also Romanized as Gaharkūh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 33 families.
 Serin (Persian: سرين‎ also Romanized as Serīn) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 32 families.
 Pomysk Mały [ˈpɔmɨsk ˈmawɨ] (Kashubian: Môłi Pòmësk; German: Klein Pomeiske) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Bytów and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 280.
 Główczyn [ˈɡwuft͡ʂɨn] (German: Glauenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Dobrzyń nad Wisłą 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Lipno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Władysławów [vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Pabianice and 20 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Kpalime Duga is a village located in the South Dayi District of the Volta Region of Ghana.
 Krzewiny [kʂɛˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 50.
 Devalingikoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gowharan (Persian: گوهران‎ also Romanized as Gowharān and Gūharān; also known as Angahran Angohrān (Persian: انگهران) Angūran (Persian: انگوران) and Qal‘eh-ye Angūrān) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 828 in 199 families.
 Plewniak [ˈplɛvɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Osieczek [ɔˈɕɛt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Książki 12 km (7 mi) east of Wąbrzeźno and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Czyste [ˈt͡ʂɨstɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Gavlan (Persian: گولان‎ also Romanized as Gavlān; also known as Ghūlān Golan and Qūlān) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 42 families.
 Milewo [miˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Świerczów [ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂuf] is a village in Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Świerczów. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Namysłów and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Biały Bór [ˈbjawɨ ˈbur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przecław within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Przecław 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Mielec and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 910.
 Keft Gol Anbar (Persian: كفت گل انبار‎ also Romanized as Keft Gol Ānbār) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Łabapa [waˈbapa] (German: Labab) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Węgorzewo and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Zapust [ˈzapust] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Anaru (Persian: انارو‎ also Romanized as Anārū; also known as Anārūn) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lekkum is a small village in Leeuwarden in the Friesland province of the Netherlands and has around the 440 citizens (2004).De Bullemolen in Lekkum marks the finishing point of the Elfstedentocht.
 Moridan (Persian: مريدان‎ also Romanized as Morīdān) is a village in Qaleh Biyaban Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bursz [burʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Działdowo and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 71.
 Biernacice [bjɛrnaˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Ziębice 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 62 kilometres (39 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Saukville is a village in Ozaukee County Wisconsin United States. The population was 4451 at the 2010 census. Most of the village perimeter is bordered by the Town of Saukville to the north and west the Town of Port Washington to the east and southeast and by the Town of Grafton to the south and southwest.
 Kavand (Persian: كوند‎ also Romanized as Kawand) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 27 families.
 Khawa is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2610 persons living in 494 individual households.
 Dumi (also Duni) is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 1517 living in 332 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 1877 of which 35% was literate.
 Kopanina Kamieńska [kɔpaˈnina kaˈmjɛɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) north of Łaziska 26 km (16 mi) north of Opole Lubelskie and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 250.
 Han Karaula (Serbian: Хан Караула) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Musina Reka is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Yeşilköy is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 443 people.
 Kileh Golan (Persian: كيله گلان‎ also Romanized as Kīleh Golān and Keyleh Golān; also known as Kelīleh Galān Kīlūlān and Qīlavān) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 403 in 92 families.
 Seri (Nepali: सरी) is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1683 people living in 315 individual households.
 Tir Kan (Persian: تيركان‎ also Romanized as Tīr Kān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 119 families.
 For the village in west Poland see Raszyn Lubusz Voivodeship. For the neighbourhood of Poznań see Poznań-Grunwald.Raszyn [ˈraʂɨn] is a village in Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Raszyn. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Pruszków and 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Warsaw. The village has a population of 6700.Raszyn has been the site of two battles.
 Taq Rezaleh-ye Mohammad Aqa (Persian: طاق رزاله محمداقا‎ also Romanized as Ţāq Rezāleh-ye Moḩammad Āqā; also known as Ţāq-e Reẕāleh and Ţāq-e Reẕālī) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 21 families.
 Miodnica [mjɔdˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Cheshmeh Sorkheh (Persian: چشمه سرخه‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sorkh; also known as Cheshmeh Sorkheh-ye Dārā’ī) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 77 families.
 Bozastan (Persian: بزاستان‎ also Romanized as Bozāstān) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 13 families.
 Mutne [ˈmutnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleśnia within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Jeleśnia 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Żywiec and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 457.
 Arjundhara is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12815 people living in 2408 individual households.
 Mường Phăng is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam. It is located northeast of the city of Dien Bien Phu and contains the historical relic site of the Dien Bien Phu Campaign Headquarters.
 Vazirabad (Persian: وزيراباد‎ also Romanized as Vazīrābād; also known as Yazdābād and Yezdābād) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 65 families.
 Uppariguda is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ibrahimpatnam mandal.
 Qaleh-ye Hadi Chakmeh Siah (Persian: قلعه هادي چكمه سياه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Hādī Chakmeh Sīāh and Qal‘eh Ḩadī Chakmeh Seyāh; also known as Chakmeh Seyāh Chakmeh Sīāh and Qal‘eh-ye Hādī) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 25 families.
 Kiełpino [kʲɛu̯ˈpinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kartuzy and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2693.
 Miłoradz [miˈwɔrat͡s] (German Mielenz) is a village in Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Miłoradz. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Malbork and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Until 1773 belonged to Poland then the area was part of Prussia then Germany and Free City of Danzig. In 1945 returend to Poland.
 Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Qasemi Nezhad va Shorka (Persian: تلمبه عشايري قاسمي نژادوشركا‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Qāsemī Nezhād va Shorkā) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 19 families.
 Thirthkunde is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Zawiszyn [zaˈviʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rojewo 20 km (12 mi) north of Inowrocław 24 km (15 mi) west of Toruń and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Bondar (Persian: بندر‎) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 23 families.
 Mirsara (Persian: ميرسرا‎ also Romanized as Mīrsarā and Mīrserā; also known as Aḩmad Sarā and Aḩmad Sar Gūrāb) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 549 in 157 families.
 Hadan (Persian: هادان‎ also Romanized as Hādān and Hadān; also known as Ardūn Hādūn and Hāvān) is a village in Sardshir Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 115 families.
 Elliyadda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Grochowa [ɡrɔˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Piaseczno and 25 km (16 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kostrzyca [kɔsˈtʂɨt͡sa] (German: Quirl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mysłakowice 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Jelenia Góra and 93 km (58 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sulak (Persian: سولك‎ also Romanized as Sūlak; also known as Salbak) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Nabi Dehga (Persian: نبي دهگا‎ also Romanized as Nabī Dehgā; also known as Nabī Dehkā and Navīd Dehkā) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 88 families.
 Mišljen (Cyrillic: Мишљен) is a village in the municipality of Ljubinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Faljenovići (Serbian: Фаљеновићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Suryty [suˈrɨtɨ] (German: Soritten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Lidzbark Warmiński and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Pachnowola [paxnɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Puławy and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nieckowo [ɲet͡sˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Potęgowo 32 km (20 mi) east of Słupsk and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 285.
 Ebrahimabad-e Bala Jowayin (Persian: ابراهيم ابادبالاجوين‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Bālā Jowayin and Ebrāhīmābād-e Bālā Joveyn; also known as Ebrāhīmābād Ibrāhīmābād and Bāqeyrī) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Atamalek District Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 31 families.
 Sohra Qaleh-ye Hakim (Persian: صحراقلعه حكيم‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrā Qal‘eh-ye Ḩakīm) is a village in Karkevand Rural District in the Central District of Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Salan Sar (Persian: سالانسر‎ also Romanized as Sālān Sar; also known as Salāneh Sar) is a village in Rostamabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mirosławki [mirɔˈswafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Stęszew and 23 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 120.
 Mian Rud (Persian: ميانرود‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rūd; also known as Chāl Mīch Kheyl) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Boluband (Persian: بلوبند‎ also Romanized as Bolūband; also known as Būlband and Bulupund) is a village in Alvir Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 53 families.
 Narazad (Persian: نرازاد‎ also Romanized as Narāzād) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran.
 Hasan Kandi (Persian: حسن كندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Kandī) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 800 in 184 families.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District Now Bandegan District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 37 families.
 Varoš (Cyrillic: Варош) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kamieńskie [kaˈmjɛɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Orzysz 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Pisz and 103 km (64 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Talam Khan (Persian: تلم خان‎ also Romanized as Talam Khān; also known as Talīm Khān) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 52 families.
 Gnila is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 14 people.
 Grębociny [ɡrɛmbɔˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Zelów 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tulyholove (Ukrainian: Тулиголове; Polish: Tuligłowy) is a village in the Horodok Raion (district) of Lviv Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. Tulyholove's total population is 644.
 Qezel Dizaj (Persian: قزل ديزج‎ also Romanized as Qezel Dīzaj; also known as Ghezel Dizaj Kyzyl-Diza Qezel Dīzeh and Qizil Dīzeh) is a village in Aji Chay Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1333 in 231 families.
 Sharmeh Kola (Persian: شرمه كلا‎ also Romanized as Sharmeh Kolā) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 93 families.
 Kurów [ˈkuruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Żychlin 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Kutno and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Brda [brda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Czersk 19 km (12 mi) east of Chojnice and 91 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village currently has a reported population of 41.
 Qeshlaq-e Ali Shobani (Persian: قشلاق الي شعباني‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Alī Shoʿbānī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 41 families.
 Dragostin (before 1934:Borzhoza) is a former village inGotse Delchev Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. The village due to having nor permanent residents neither any other activity for many years and after a plead from the Municipality was erased from the registers and all its land and other properties were shifted to the town of Gotse Delchev on February 29 2008. There are still some houses there but they are not in use and therefore they are in decay and might be dangerous.
 Aghuzchal (Persian: اغوزچال‎ also Romanized as Āghūzchāl) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Żbiki-Kierzki [ˈʐbiki ˈkʲɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Przasnysz and 79 km (49 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Karindalam is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India. As of 2001 India census Karindalam had a population of 5690 with 2795 males and 2895 females.
 Yaddi Bolagh (Persian: يدي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Yaddī Bolāgh) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Aursmoen is a village in the municipality of Aurskog-Høland Norway. Its population (2007) is 2318.
 Duki (Persian: دوكي‎ also Romanized as Dūkī; also known as Dūrkī) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 494 in 104 families.
 Karivärava is a village in Rakvere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Zemidan (Persian: زميدان‎ also Romanized as Zemīdān Zamīdān and Zomeydan) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 98 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Naseriyeh (Persian: تلمبه ناصريه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Nāşerīyeh) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 427 in 68 families.
 Guvard (Persian: گوورد‎ also Romanized as Gūvard; also known as Gūrd) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District Amarlu District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 35 families.
 Qeysnab (Persian: قيصناب‎ also Romanized as Qeyşnāb and Qeysnāb) is a village in Qurigol Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 51 families.
 Grabowa [ɡraˈbɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łubnice 16 km (10 mi) south of Staszów and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 67.
 Ciborowice [t͡ɕibɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Proszowice and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 150.
 Sarawad is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bijapur taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Pogorzelice [pɔɡɔʐɛˈlit͡sɛ] (German Langeböse) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Lębork and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 405.
 Radomiłów [radɔˈmiwuf] (German: Thielau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Bańki [ˈbaɲkʲi] (Ukrainian: Баньки Ban’ky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 130.
 Kończyce [kɔɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nisko within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Nisko and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Nowa Ruda [ˈnɔva ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Kolno and 101 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 483.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād and Ibrāhīmābād) is a village in Vahdat Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 767 in 176 families.
 Konj-e Rig (Persian: كنج ريگ‎ also Romanized as Konj-e Rīg; also known as Konjerīk) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szarbków [ˈʂarpkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Pińczów and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Olszowiec [ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Brochów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Sochaczew and 47 km (29 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Ali Beygluy-e Sofla (Persian: علي بيگلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Beyglūy-e Soflá; also known as ‘Alī Beyglū-ye Soflá and ‘Alībeyglū-ye Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Dikmen is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 344 people.
 Nazırlar is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 87 people.
 Rudnia is a village in Kaniavos eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 108 people. As of the 2011 census the population was 74.
 Hacıaliobası is a village in the District of İncirliova Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 994 people.
 Niziny [niˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sobków 16 km (10 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Etekli is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Bilczów [ˈbilt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Palinganatham is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Goreme is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Czarne Małe [ˈt͡ʂarnɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Kleinzehren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Gardeja 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Kwidzyn and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 330.
 Old Appleton is a village partially located in Cape Girardeau County and Perry County Missouri United States. The population was 85 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Cape Girardeau–Jackson MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Bidrahalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kuźnica Lubiecka [kuʑˈnit͡sa luˈbjɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szczerców 14 km (9 mi) west of Bełchatów and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rowshanavand (Persian: روشناوند‎ also Romanized as Rowshanāvand and Rūshnāvand; also known as Roshanābad Roshanābād and Rowshanābād) is a village in Fasharud Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 79 families.
 Rahdarkhaneh Gadeyk (Persian: راهدارخانه گديك‎ also Romanized as Rāhdārkhāneh Gadeyḵ) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khutwajabdi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2935 persons living in 484 individual households.
 Mukunoor is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ibrahimpatnam mandal.
 Zawój [ˈzavui̯] (Ukrainian: Завої Zavoyi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisna within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Cisna 25 km (16 mi) south of Lesko and 91 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Zajączki [zaˈjɔnt͡ʂki] (German: Hasenberg; before 1928: Haasenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Ostróda and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Ćukovac is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 360 people.
 Agasanamatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Haveri taluk of Haveri district in Karnataka.
 Mazraeh-ye Hajj Ali Asgar (Persian: مزرعه حاجي علي عسگر‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājjī ‘Alī ‘Asgar; also known as Mazra‘eh Ḩāj ‘Alīasgar) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 105 families.
 Milentija is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 184 people.
 Konkoma is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located east of Parakou city centre.
 Donji Vaganac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D217 highway.
 Zocie [ˈzɔt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kalinowo 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Ełk and 149 km (93 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ćmiłów [ˈt͡ɕmiwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Potulice [pɔtuˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Potulitz) (previously also Kantów) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 22 km (14 mi) west of Bydgoszcz. It is best known as the site of the World War II German concentration camp Lebrechtsdorf.The village has a population of 2100.
 Sar Takht (Persian: سرتخت‎ also Romanized as Sar-e Takht) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 42 families.
 Brgule (Kladanj) is a village in the municipality of Kladanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tolombeh-ye Barqi Ali Hedayiti (Persian: تلمبه برقي علي هدايتي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Barqī ʿAlī Hedāyītī) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 34 families.
 Giah Dowran (Persian: گياه دوران‎ also Romanized as Gīāh Darvān Gīāh Dowrān and Gīyāh Dowrān) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 26 families.
 Khvoasht (Persian: خواشت‎ also Romanized as Khvoāsht and Khvāsht; also known as Khvāsh) is a village in Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 39 families.
 Seh Riz (Persian: سه ريز‎ also Romanized as Seh Rīz; also known as Serīz) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 45 families.
 Miłoszów [miˈwɔʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Leśna 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Lubań and 126 kilometres (78 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 780.
 Juchnajcie [juxˈnai̯t͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Gołdap and 123 km (76 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kani Moshkan (Persian: كاني مشكان‎ also Romanized as Kānī Moshkān and Kānī Meshkān; also known as Kani Mizhgān Kānī Moshgān and Kānī Meshgān) is a village in Abidar Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 96 families.
 Pirchupan (Persian: پيرچوپان‎ also Romanized as Pīrchūpān) is a village in Shiramin Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 73 families.
 Irimbiliyam is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Bazeh Kalagh (Persian: بازه كلاغ‎ also Romanized as Bāzeh Kalāgh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jadwigów [jadˈviɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Nongo-Souala is a village rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 264 square kilometers and includes four villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4578. The village of Nongo-Souala the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune is 50 km north of Sikasso.
 Rzędy [ˈʐɛndɨ] (German: Grenzhöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 1028.
 Kala Pokhri (3186 m) is a small Himalayan village inside the Singalila National Park in the Darjeeling subdivision Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal India. It lies on the trekking route from Mane Bhanjang to Sandakphu (the highest peak in West Bengal) and is roughly halfway between the steep final stretch of the trek from Gairibas to Sandakphu. Pokhri means lake and kala means dark in Nepali and the village is named after a local lake with dark waters.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 26 families.
 Dhumchar is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Zarrin Choqa (Persian: زرين چقا‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Choqā) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 55 families.
 Maruganj is a village and grampanchyat of Tufanganj subdivision Cooch Behar district of West Bengal India. This has one higher secondary school and several primary schools.
 Mielcuchy [mjɛlˈt͡suxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czajków within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) east of Ostrzeszów and 143 km (89 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Slavětín nad Metují is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the Metuje River.
 Tajareh (Persian: تجره‎ also Romanized as Tajreh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Khvansar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 136 families.
 Kistamási is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Takyeh-ye Justan (Persian: تكيه جوستان‎ also Romanized as Takyeh-ye Jūstān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 17 families.
 Sufiabad-e Sofla (Persian: صوفي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Şūfīābād-e Soflá; also known as Şūfīābād) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 26 families.
 Bajramovići (Serbian: Бајрамовићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mere is a sub-municipality of Erpe-Mere in Flanders. It is located on the Molenbeek-Ter Erpenbeek in the Denderstreek in the southeast of East Flanders and belongs to Arrondissement of Aalst. It is bordered by the sub-municipalities of Erpe Ottergem Bambrugge and Aaigem and the municipalities Haaltert (sub-municipality Haaltert) and Aalst (sub-municipality Nieuwerkerken). Mere has 5033 inhabitants as of 1 January 2003 and an area of 5.77 km. The population density is 873 inhabitants / km ².
 Shir Kola (Persian: شيركلا‎ also Romanized as Shīr Kolā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1348 in 328 families.
 Salur Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Veeri (Urdu: ويرى‎) is a village in India currently under the jurisdiction of the tehsil Bijbehara and the district Anantnag in southern Kashmir.
 Var Zamin (Persian: ورزمين‎ also Romanized as Var Zamīn) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 9 families.
 Buddaram is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Mian Nahr (Persian: ميان نهر‎ also Romanized as Mīān Nahr; also known as Dar Mīān-e Nahr and Deh-e Mīān Nahr) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 13 families.
 Pay Doldol (Persian: پي دل دل‎ also Romanized as Pāy Doldol) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District Galikash District Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 391 in 105 families.
 Rożny [ˈrɔʐnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobryszyce within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dobryszyce 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Radomsko and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Łyczanka [wɨˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siepraw within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Siepraw 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Myślenice and 15 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Stelmachowo-Kolonia [stɛlmaˈxɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Iwanowice [ivanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Iwanowice. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 540.
 Zu ol Farrokh (Persian: ذوالفرخ‎ also Romanized as Z̄ū ol Farrokh) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 30 families.
 Zakrzów [ˈzakʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Chinu (Persian: چينو‎ also Romanized as Chīnū) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 21 families.
 Jelašnica is a village situated in Niška Banja municipality in Serbia.
 Pir Basafa (Persian: پيرباصفا‎ also Romanized as Pīr Bāşafā) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jerzykowo [jɛʐɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Barnin [ˈbarnin] German: Barning is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Będzino 15 km (9 mi) west of Koszalin and 129 km (80 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dareshgeft (Persian: دراشگفت‎ also Romanized as Darreh Eshgaft and Darreh-ye Eshkaft) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 28 families.
 Władysławowo [vwadɨswaˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Łabiszyn 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Żnin and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Mostowlany-Kolonia [mɔstɔˈvlanɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in an administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Kozy [ˈkɔzɨ] (German: Kose) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Czarna Dąbrówka 31 km (19 mi) north of Bytów and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 344.
 Kal Qanat-e Jahanabad (Persian: كل قنات جهان اباد‎ also Romanized as Kal Qanāt-e Jahānābād; also known as Kal Qanāt) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Elbeyli is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°41′N 34°01′E it is inj the forests of Toros Mountains. Distance to Erdemli is 46 kilometres (29 mi) and to Mersin is 82 kilometres (51 mi). The population of Elbeyli was 516 as of 2011. The village was founded in 1800s by Turkmen people. The main econoımic activity of the village is farming. Tomato cucumber and beans are produced.
 Mõisaküla Muhu Parish is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Khvosh Qadam (Persian: خوش قدم‎ also Romanized as Khowsh Qadam and Khūsh Qadam) is a village in Dustan Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 18 families.
 Siyaban (Persian: سيابان‎ also Romanized as Sīyābān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 27 families.
 Cheshmeh Borjali (Persian: چشمه برج علي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Borj‘alī and Cheshmeh-ye Borj ‘Alī; also known as Dūl Kabūd) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 12 families.
 Jirud (Persian: جيرود‎ also Romanized as Jīrūd Jīrrūd and Jīr Rūd) is a former village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 28 families. It was subsequently annexed to the city of Shemshak.
 Danabari is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7888 persons living in 1492 individual households.
 Jeże [ˈjɛʐɛ] (German: Gehsen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Pisz and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 330.
 Ćenovac is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 423 people.
 Korczyna [kɔrˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Korczyna. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krosno and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 6000.
 Buganeh Razbashi (Persian: بوگنه رازباشي‎ also Romanized as Būganeh Rāzbāshī; also known as Rāzbāshī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 31 families.
 Sangolli is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Nilu (Persian: نيلو‎ also Romanized as Nīlū) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 76 families.
 Zevenhuizen is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is located about 12 km northeast of the city of Rotterdam.Zevenhuizen was a separate municipality until 1991 when it merged with Moerkapelle to form the new municipality of Moerhuizen (renamed in 1992 to Zevenhuizen-Moerkapelle). Since 2010 Zevenhuizen-Moerkapelle is part of the new municipality of Zuidplas.
 Chak-e Nar (Persian: چك نار‎ also Romanized as Chak-e Nār) is a village in Horgan Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Himganga is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3793 people living in 631 individual households.
 El Pilar de la Mola is a village in Formentera Balearic Islands Spain.
 Akhvord (Persian: اخورد‎ also Romanized as Ākhvord) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 12 families.
 Pudimadaka or Pudi Madaka (Telugu: పూడిమడక) is a village in Achutapuram mandal of Visakhapatnam district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Kutluca is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Mijajlica is a village in the municipality of Bojnik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 190 people.
 Rekle [ˈrɛklɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krypno within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Krypno 13 km (8 mi) south of Mońki and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Benighat is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6264 and had 1196 houses in it.
 Szklarka Przygodzicka [ˈʂklarka pʂɨɡɔˈd͡ʑit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 118 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Anuj-e Olya (Persian: انوج عليا‎ also Romanized as Anūj-e ʿOlyā) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Sannanallur (Tamil :சன்னாநல்லூர்) is a village in Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu and part of Nannilam Taluk.Until the early 1990s the village was part of Thanjavur district prior to it being split into three new districts. Facilities in the village include a railway station and a bank. The major temples in the village are a Mariamman temple Sidhi Vinayagar temple and Maha Kaliamman temple.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 50 families.Aliabad suffered severely in the 2002 Bou'in-Zahra earthquake.
 Davydky (Ukrainian: Давидки) is a Ukrainian village in the Korosten Raion (district) of Zhytomyr Oblast (province) founded in 1682.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Kutno and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 30.
 Jeffersonville is a village in Fayette County Ohio United States. The population was 1203 at the 2010 census.Jeffersonville was the birthplace of Grayson L. Kirk who was president of Columbia University advisor to the State Department and instrumental in the formation of the United Nations.
 Deh-e Baba (Persian: ده بابا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bābā) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 41 families.
 Pocestë is a community in the Korçë District Korçë County Albania.
 Abu Qubays (Arabic: أبو قبيس‎ also spelled Abu Qobeis Abu Qubais or Bu Kubais; also known as Qartal) is a former medieval castle and currently an inhabited village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate northwest of Hama. It is situated in the al-Ghab plain west of the Orontes River. Nearby localities include Daliyah 21 kilometers to the west al-Laqbah to the south Deir Shamil to the southeast Tell Salhab to the northeast and Nahr al-Bared further northeast.
 Pityny [piˈtɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Miłakowo 36 km (22 mi) north of Ostróda and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Gornja Mikuljana (Serb Cyrillic: Горња Микуљана) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Kuršumlija and the district of Toplica. In 2002 it had 117 inhabitants of which 110 were Serbs (9401%).In 1948 the village had 284 inhabitants in 1981 148 and in 1991 140.
 Angadickal is a village in Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala India.
 Shilanabad (Persian: شيلان اباد‎ also Romanized as Shīlānābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 34 families.
 Niwki [ˈnifki] (German: Tempelhof bei Chronstau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrząstowice within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Brzezinów [bʐɛˈʑinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Maḩbūdābād-e Pā’īn Mahmood Abad Hoomeh Maḩmūdābād-e Ḩūmeh and Maḩmūdābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Korbal Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qameshlu (Persian: قمشلو‎ also Romanized as Qameshlū) is a village in Dul Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 34 families.
 Sherpur is a village located about 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Idar and 27 kilometres (17 mi) north of Himatnagar in Sabarkantha district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
 Salino [saˈlinɔ] (csb Sôlëno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Gniewino 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 82.
 Kotroman (Serbian Cyrillic: Котроман) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 182.
 Gur-e Gavarz (Persian: گورگاورز‎ also Romanized as Gūr-e Gāvarz) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 40 families.
 Tokarnia [tɔˈkarɲa] (Ukrainian: Токарня Tokarnia) village in East Małopolska in the Lesser Beskid mountains Bukowsko rural commune. Tokarnia is about 10 miles (16 km) from Sanok in south-eastern Poland. It is situated below the main watershed at the foot of the Słonne Mountain and has an elevation of 270 metres (890 ft). It is in the Subcarpathian Voivodship (since 1999) previously in Krosno Voivodship (1975–1998) and Sanok district.
 Chennuru is a village in Kalluru Mandal in Khammam District of Andhra Pradesh State. It is located on kalluru-madhira Road between Lingala and Peddakorukondi villages.
 Szilvás is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Obříství is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ab Anjir-e Delik (Persian: اب انجيردليك‎ also Romanized as Āb Anjīr-e Delīk; also known as Āb Anjīr) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Appanapalli or Appanapalle is a village in Khajipet mandal in the Kadapa district of Andhra Pradesh a state in India. It has a Handloom industry and is one of the contributors for Bangalore's silk imports/exports.
 Patli Dar (Persian: پتليدر‎ also Romanized as Patlī Dar Patlīdar and Potlīdar; also known as Patliyār) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 17 families.
 Pain Afrakoti (Persian: پايين افراكتي‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Afrākotī; also known as Afrā Kotī and Pā’īn Afrā Kotī) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 592 in 168 families.
 Panowice [panɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciel within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Trzciel 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Międzyrzecz 50 km (31 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Kościerska Huta [kɔɕˈt͡ɕerska ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kościerzyna and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 308.
 Qaleh-ye Murd (Persian: قلعه مورد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Mūrd) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 21 families.
 Zeyti-ye Yek (Persian: زيتييك‎ also Romanized as Zeytī-ye Yek; also known as Zeytīn) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sangatikoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Duttabarutia is a village situated at Murshidabad district in West Bengal India.In this village there are more than 5000 inhabitants. There are two primary schools: one is situated at the center of the village named as Majh Para and the other is in the west of the village named as Pashchim Para.There are two famous temples named after Lord Shiva and Goddess Kali in the village. No separate idol of Kali is worshiped during Kali Puja the reason for the same is not clearly known.
 Kielczany [kʲɛlˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Kinnikannanvilai is a village along the west coast of Kanyakumari flanked by Muhilankudieruppu in the south and Koilvilai in the north. Kinnikannanvilai is bound by Pozhiyoor in the east and Arabian Sea in the west. The village is connected with Kanyakumari Bus Terminus (4 km) and Nagercoil town (16 km) by road. The nearest city is Thiruvananthapuram (Capital of Kerala). The holy capitals Swamithope and Suchindrum are 4 and 7 kilometres away from Kinnikannanvilai respectively.
 Krasne [ˈkrasnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uścimów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) east of Lubartów and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 550.
 Viluthiyur is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Gowjeh Gol (Persian: گوجه گل‎) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 Parlinek [parˈlinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Mogilno and 46 km (29 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Bogucin Duży [bɔˈɡut͡ɕin ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Bid Babai (Persian: بيدبابايي‎ also Romanized as Bīd Bābā’ī) is a village in Balesh Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Talavar-e Do (Persian: طلاوردو‎ also Romanized as Talāvar-e Do; also known as Talāvar and Ţalāvar-e Soflá) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 72 families.
 Sheykh Rash (Persian: شيخ رش‎) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 36 families.
 Sokorbe is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Kordowo [kɔrˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ostrołęka and 101 km (63 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Khazineh-ye Olya (Persian: خزينه عليا‎ also Romanized as Khazīneh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Khazīneh-ye Bālā) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 15 families.
 Kheyrabad-e Sofla (Persian: خيرابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e Soflá; also known as Kalāteh-ye Hāshemābād) is a village in Dibaj Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 29 families.
 Basaligundi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Miyan Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 130 families.
 Yukarıpınarlı is a village in the District of Demirözü Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
 Sepidareh (Persian: سپيداره‎ also Romanized as Sepīdāreh; also known as Safid Dareh and Sefīdāreh) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 41 families.
 Tahu is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3776.
 Badabsar (Persian: بادابسر‎ also Romanized as Bādābsar and Bād Āb Sar) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 29 families.
 Mohammad Beyk (Persian: محمدبيك‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Beyk and Moḩammad Beyg) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 18 families.
 Wola Jurkowa [ˈvɔla jurˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Topólka 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 62 km (39 mi) south of Toruń.
 Jabłonowo [jabwɔˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujście within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Ujście 17 km (11 mi) south of Piła and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zarrinabad-e Sofla (Persian: زرين ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Zarrīnābād-e Soflá; also known as Pā’īn Zarrīnābād and Zarrīnābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 631 in 168 families.
 Bojano [bɔˈjanɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Szemud 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Wejherowo and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 3000.
 Sugarkhal is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9599 living in 1634 individual households.
 Yeganeh (Persian: يگانه‎ also Romanized as Yegāneh; also known as Yekāneh) is a village in Sangestan Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 427 in 115 families.
 Gnojno [ˈɡnɔi̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kutno and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Belevehchevo is a village in Sandanski Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Mokłuczka [mɔˈkwut͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błażowa within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Błażowa and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Ab Bid (Persian: اب بيد‎ also Romanized as Āb Bīd) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 67 families.
 Błocko [ˈbwɔt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wolsztyn and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Czarnia Mała [ˈt͡ʂarɲa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Skrwilno 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Rypin and 71 km (44 mi) east of Toruń.
 Ochremowicze [ɔxrɛmɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Zabłudów and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Huta Palędzka [ˈxuta paˈlɛnt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Mogilno and 54 km (34 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Korukollu is a small village in the Kalidindi Mandal of Krishna District in Andhra Pradesh India.Its name used to be Korukolanu. It comes under the Kaikaluru assembly constituency and Eluru Parliamentary constituency. The village is located 400 km from Hyderabad 80 km from Vijayawada 30 km from Bhimavaram and 15 km from Kaikaluru. The main occupation of people in this village is farming (Paddy Aqua). There are three canals supplying water for farm lands.
 Pielgrzymowice [pjɛlɡʐɨmɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowice within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of Pszczyna and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2395.It has been founded by the noble family Pelgrzim z Trzankowice (von Pelchrzim) before 1306.
 Chekhreh Mahalleh (Persian: چخره محله‎ also Romanized as Chekhreh Maḩalleh; also known as Chekhr Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 849 in 196 families.
 Pripek Burgas Province is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.Pripek Point on Graham Coast in Antarctica is named after the village.
 Siah Soltan (Persian: سياه سلطان‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Solţān and Seyāh Solţān; also known as Mīā Solţān Mia Sultān and Sīā Solţān) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 19 families.
 Pałapus Włościański [paˈwapus vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mohanna (Persian: مهنا‎ also Romanized as Mohannā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 7 families.
 Pedeh (Persian: پده‎) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 32 families.
 Pel Hava (Persian: پل هوا‎ also Romanized as Pel Havā; also known as Pelleh Havā) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 36 families.
 Svibovec Podravski is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Chah Nazari (Persian: چاه نظري‎ also Romanized as Chāh Naz̧arī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Al-Samra (Arabic: السمرة‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tiberias Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 21 1948. It was located 10 km southeast of Tiberias.In 1945 the village had a population of 290. The village had a mosque and several khirbas including Khirbat al-Tawafiq and Khirbat Duwayraban.
 Hamidiye is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Doucoumbo or Doucombo is a village and rural commune in the Bandiagara Cercle of the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune contains 24 villages and at the time of the 2009 census had a population of 11510. The village of Doucoumbo is 5 km west of Bandiagara on the RN15 that links Bandiagara to Sévaré.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Seyyed Ali (Persian: سيدعلي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed ‘Alī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 47 families.
 Sheykh Saluy-e Sofla (Persian: شيخ سلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Salūy-e Soflá and Sheikh Salooy Sofla; also known as Shaikh Silu Ashāghi Sheykh Salū-ye Pā”īn Sheykh Salū-ye Soflá Sheykh Selū-ye Pā'īn Sheykh Solū Sheykh Solū-ye Pā”īn and Sheykh Solū-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 69 families.
 Hamidabad (Persian: حميداباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Zwoleń and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 70.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 18 families.
 Wałdowo Szlacheckie [vau̯ˈdɔvɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Grudziądz and 40 km (25 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 652.
 Piszkawa [piʂˈkava] (German: Schreiben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Las Comillas (Spanish for the quotes pronounced: [las koˈmiʝas] ) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu Cardenal Caro Province.
 Okalew [ɔˈkalɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milanów within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Milanów 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Parczew and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Cheshmeh Qanbar (Persian: چشمه قنبر‎) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 23 families.
 Moiwana is a Maroon village in the Marowijne district in the east of Suriname.The village was the scene of the Moiwana massacre on November 29 1986 during the Suriname Guerrilla War between the Surinamese military regime headed by Dési Bouterse and the Jungle Commando led by Ronnie Brunswijk. The army attacked the village killing at least 35 of the inhabitants mostly women and children and burning the house of Ronnie Brunswijk.
 Bogadi is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3278 people living in 521individual households.
 Plažane (Serbian Cyrillic: Плажане) is a village situated in Despotovac municipality in Serbia.
 Korani-ye Hashem Soltan (Persian: كراني هاشم سلطان‎ also Romanized as Korānī-ye Hāshem Solţān) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 15 families.
 Laadi is a village in Tahkuranna Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. Also he is part of the biggest partnership of two sexy people known as LAADZIM the extension of the partnership is known as laadzim bharoka jaddon
 Rijeka (Cyrillic: Ријека) is a river in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zakrzew-Las [ˈzakʂɛf ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qaleh Bahadri (Persian: قلعه بهادري‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Bahādrī; also known as Qal‘eh Badrī) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 40 families.
 Ignatów [iɡˈnatuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kamień 8 km (5 mi) east of Chełm and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Alian (Persian: عليان‎ also Romanized as ʿAlīān) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 65 families.
 Jaworzno Bankowe [jaˈvɔʐnɔ banˈkɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.The village has a population of 347.
 Teplen is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Golujeh (Persian: گلوجه‎ also Romanized as Golūjeh Galoojeh Galūjeh and Gollūjeh; also known as Golūjeh Bālā Gulūja Yukāri Gyulyudzha-Yukhari Kūlūjeh Yokhārī and Kūlūjeh Yūkhārī) is a village in Esperan Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 67 families.
 Stajkovce is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 140 people.
 Dzigorzew [d͡ʑiˈɡɔʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kokwino [kɔkˈfinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sierakowice 19 km (12 mi) west of Kartuzy and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 29.
 Szostaki [ʂɔsˈtaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Käru is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 19 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brzeziny. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Thirukkalachery (Tamil: திருக்களாச்சேரி) is a small village in Nagapattinam District Tranquebar (Tharangambadi) Taluk Tamil Nadu India.See: The Taluk Map of Tranquebar (Tharangambadi)
 Gardel Gari Ali Aqa (Persian: گردل گاري علي اقا‎ also Romanized as Gardel Gārī ʿAlī Aqā) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 13 families.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ağaçyurdu is a village the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province Turkey. At 37°27′N 33°30′E it is situated to the east of Turkish state highway D.715. Its distance to Karaman is 28 kilometres (17 mi) . The population is of Ağaçyurdu is 128. as of 2011. Major economic activity of the village is agriculture. Main crops are citrus and apple. Dairying is a secondary activity.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād; also known as Shūr Sharābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 516 in 107 families.
 Nowe Stojło [ˈnɔvɛ ˈstɔi̯wɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Suchowola 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Anum is an Akan village in Asuogyaman District of the Eastern Region of Ghana across from the Volta Lake.
 Karakuz is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Malentyn [maˈlɛntɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Pruszcz Gdański and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 7.
 Klębów [ˈklɛmbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Gollapally (also referred as Gollapalle or Gollapalli) is a town of around 8000 residents located in Karimnagar district and Telangana region of Andhra Pradesh state in India. It is located at 208 km distance from its State Capital city Hyderabad. It is also the mandal or headquarters of the area consisting of 25 villages. It falls under Peddapalli constituency for the Lok Sabha and Dharmapuri constituency for the state assembly.
 Zarnuqa (Arabic: زرنوقة‎) also Zarnuga was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict. It was depopulated on 27–28 May 1948 during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
 Jikalaksheteh (Persian: جيكلاكشته‎ also Romanized as Jīkalāksheteh) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 11 families.
 Teodorówka [tɛɔdɔˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dukla 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Krosno and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1100.
 Khargushi (Persian: خرگوشي‎ also Romanized as Khargūshī; also known as Khargūshī Hezār) is a village in Harirud Rural District Bujgan District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 127 families.
 Madhupur is a panchayat village located in the Diglipur block of Andaman and Nicobar Islands in India.Madhupur is located 185 km from Port Blair. The nearest towns are Mayabunder (50 km) and Rangat (90 km). In 2008-09 its population was 2844.The villages under the Madhupur panchayat jurisdiction include Deshbandhugram Madhupur and Rabindrapally.
 Chahar Borj (Persian: چهاربرج‎ also Romanized as Chahār Borj and Chehār Borj) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1996 in 509 families.
 Deh-e Banan-e Bala (Persian: ده بنان بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Banān-e Bālā; also known as Bonān Deh Banān and Deh-e Banān) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 30 families.
 Goli Kuh (Persian: گلي كوه‎ also Romanized as Golī Kūh; also known as Gāv Kūh and Gulukūh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 23 families.
 Wojnowo [vɔi̯ˈnɔvɔ] (formerly German Woynowo or Reckenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kargowa within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kargowa and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra.
 Opalanki [ɔpaˈlaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ozorków 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Uda Hapuwida is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Serdar is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 577 people.
 Kipary [kiˈparɨ] (German: Kiparren 1938-45:Wacholderau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Wielbark 23 km (14 mi) south of Szczytno and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tunah (Persian: تونه‎ also Romanized as Tūnah and Tūneh) is a village in Dasht-e Taybad Rural District Miyan Velayat District Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 559 in 103 families.
 Lipin [ˈlipin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radwanice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Malmijan (Persian: ملميجان‎ also Romanized as Malmījān Mālīyān and Malmīān) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District Oshtorinan District Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 705 in 212 families.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Lidzbark 31 km (19 mi) west of Działdowo and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Gulbity [ɡulˈbitɨ] (German: Golbitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Pasłęk 21 km (13 mi) east of Elbląg and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 30.
 Fajja (Arabic: فجّة‎ Hebrew: פג'ה) was a Palestinian Arab town located 15 kilometers northeast of Jaffa.
 Maksymilianów [maksɨmiˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rokiciny 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kotikambe is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمّدآباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād and Muhammadābād; also known as Mohammadabad-e Katul (Persian: محمّد آباد کتول‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Katūl) is a village in Estarabad Rural District Kamalan District Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1841 in 453 families.
 Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Brudzew 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Turek and 123 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 238.
 Nedsaja (Seto: Nedsäjä) is a village in Värska Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Morawka [mɔˈrafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek 11 km (7 mi) east of Ciechanów and 70 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Mowlan-e Olya (Persian: مولان عليا‎ also Romanized as Mowlān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Mowlān) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 12 families.
 Jalaliyeh-ye Hajeri (Persian: جلاليه هجري‎ also Romanized as Jalālīyeh-ye Hajerī; also known as Jalālīyeh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 18 families.
 Ravicherla is a village in Nuzvid mandal Krishna district Andhra Pradesh India. It has a population of about 2600 people primarily engaged in agriculture. The main crops are mango and paddi. People in the village belong to various religions including Hinduism and Christianity.In recent times young people in this village are very much interested in education especially in information technology and getting good jobs in IT field.
 Heydar Baghi (Persian: حيدرباغي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydar Bāghī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 92 families.
 Stare Bulkowo [ˈstarɛ bulˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chak Muglani (Punjabi: ਚੱਕ ਮੁਗਲਾਣੀ) is a village in the Nakodar tehsil of Jalandhar district in the Indian state of East Punjab.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Abbas Ali (Persian: عباسعلي‎ also Romanized as ʿAbbās ʿAlī) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Magnojević Donji (Cyrillic: Магнојевић Доњи) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 P.başören Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Stara Zbelutka [ˈstara zbɛˈlutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Łagów and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 487.
 Veprčani is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
 Ashareh-ye Kuchek (Persian: عشاره كوچك‎ also Romanized as ‘Ashāreh-ye Kūchek; also known as ‘Ashāreh) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 38 families.
 Qalandari (Persian: قلندري‎ also Romanized as Qalandarī) is a village in Jaghin-e Jonubi Rural District Jaghin District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 78 families.
 Glen Park is a village in Jefferson County New York United States. The population was 502 at the 2010 census.The Village of Glen Park is on the border of the towns of Brownville and Pamelia and is immediately northwest of Watertown.
 Suvaja is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 89 people.
 Abbasabad-e Bahrami (Persian: عباس ابادبهرامي‎ also Romanized as Abbāsābād-e Bahrāmī; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 648 in 157 families.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowe Okniny [ˈnɔvɛ ɔkˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 160.
 Aq Kand (Persian: اق كند‎ also Romanized as Āq Kand and Āqkand) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 580 in 137 families.
 Kobyla Miejska [kɔˈbɨla ˈmʲɛi̯ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Szadek 14 km (9 mi) north of Zduńska Wola and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chitre Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4018 people living in 734 individual households.
 Mazraeh-ye Bid (Persian: مزرعه بيد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bīd; also known as Mazra‘bid and Mazre‘abīd) is a village in Seyyed Jamal ol Din Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1849 in 460 families.
 Tashkanan (Persian: تش كانان‎ also Romanized as Tashkānān; also known as Ashkanun Ţashjānān Tashkāhenān and Tashtjānān) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 55 families.
 Ilince is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 136 people.
 Grborezi (Serbian: Грборези) is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Niczonów [niˈt͡ʂɔnuf] (German: Nitznow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Karnice 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Gryfice and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Żywkowo [ʐɨfˈkɔvɔ] (German: Schewecken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Górowo Iławeckie 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 65 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.It's one of the most popular Polish so called Storks villages.
 Lollum is a village in Wûnseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 400 citizens (2008). A restored windmill Meerswal stands in the village.
 Heydarkhani (Persian: حيدرخاني‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarkhānī) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 16 families.
 Taneyville is a village in Taney County Missouri United States. The population was 396 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Branson Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Lindtveit is a village 204 kilometers southwest of Oslo Norway. It is situated just outside the town of Arendal Norway in the county of Aust-Agder.
 Swadzim [ˈsfad͡ʑim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tarnowo Podgórne and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 385.
 Białopole [bjawɔˈpɔlɛ] (German: Sommerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech and German borders. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bogatynia 31 kilometres (19 mi) south of Zgorzelec and 153 kilometres (95 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Langan (Persian: لنگان‎ also Romanized as Langān; also known as Langian and Lankan) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Antolin [anˈtɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Budziszewice 18 km (11 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pępice [pɛmˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Mniów and 13 km (8 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 469.
 Darreh Shur (Persian: دره شور‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shūr) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 18 families.
 Khaneqah-e Gelin (Persian: خانقاه گلين‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e Gelīn and Khāneqāh Golīn; also known as Khāneqāh Khāngāh and Khāngān) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 60 families.
 Taj Mahal (Persian: تاج محل‎ also Romanized as Tāj Maḩal) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 11 families.
 Dobreniczki [dɔbrɛˈnit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łęki Szlacheckie 28 km (17 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sulejki [suˈlɛi̯ki] (German: Suleyken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Olecko and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).Siegfried Lenz named his book of short stories So zärtlich war Suleyken after the village.
 Godziętowy [ɡɔd͡ʑenˈtɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Doruchów 4 km (2 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 133 km (83 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Moradabad-e Posht Rig (Persian: مراد اباد پشت ريگ‎ also Romanized as Morādābād-e Posht Rīg) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 17 families.
 Jankowice [jaŋkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Янковичі Yankovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Chłopice 8 km (5 mi) south of Jarosław and 49 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 800.
 Zavar Mahalleh (Persian: زوارمحله‎ also Romanized as Zavār Maḩalleh) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 69 families.
 Stegny [ˈstɛɡnɨ] (German: Steegen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pasłęk 19 km (12 mi) east of Elbląg and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 423.
 Kladanija is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D200 highway.
 Trzciane [ˈtʂt͡ɕanɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 114 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Baqeleh-ye Olya (Persian: باقله عليا‎ also Romanized as Bāqeleh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bāghleh-ye Bālā Bāghleh-ye ‘Olyā Bāqeleh-ye Bālā and Gāgheleh-ye Bālā) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 22 families.
 Patali (Persian: پاتلي‎ also Romanized as Pātalī; also known as Kheyrābād-e Pātelī) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 105 families.
 Sharlaq (Persian: شارلق‎ also Romanized as Shārlaq and Sharloq) is a village in Golidagh Rural District Golidagh District Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 75 families.
 Zangarak (Persian: زنگارك‎ also Romanized as Zangārak; also known as Zainkarak) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 106 families.
 Jezdina is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 Rasulabad (Persian: رسول اباد‎ also Romanized as Rasūlābād) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 44 families.
 Karimabad-e Ayaghchi (Persian: كريم آباد اياغچي‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Ayāghchī; also known as Karīmābād) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 30 families.
 Araft is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Dehnow-e Sadat (Persian: دهنوسادات‎ also Romanized as Dehnow-e Sādāt; also known as Dehnow) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Studziany Las [stuˈd͡ʑanɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Sejny and 102 km (63 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Niaz Sui (Persian: نيازسويي‎ also Romanized as Nīāz Sū’ī) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 26 families.
 Mokrelipie [mɔkrɛˈlipjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Radecznica 28 km (17 mi) west of Zamość and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kharji Kola (Persian: خرجي كلا‎ also Romanized as Kharjī Kolā; also known as Āgtījkolā and Khajī Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 87 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Fathollah Fathi va Shorka (Persian: تلمبه فتح اله فتحي وشركا‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Fatḩollah Fatḩī va Shorkā) is a village in Hashivar Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Soleyman Mahalleh (Persian: سليمان محله‎ also Romanized as Soleymān Maḩalleh) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 66 families.
 Chianeh (Persian: چيانه‎ also Romanized as Chīāneh; also known as Chiana) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2283 in 551 families.
 Kolonia Kurowice [kɔˈlɔɲa kurɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sabnie 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 98 km (61 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Sorkh Dom-e Laki (Persian: سرخ دم لکي‎ also Romanized as Sorkh Dom-e Lakī; also known as Dom Sorkh Lakī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 16 families.
 Mõntu is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Bagińskie [baˈɡiɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Kolno and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Khasanabad) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 76 families.
 Aliabad-e Alu (Persian: علي ابادالو‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Ālū; also known as Kalāteh-ye ‘Alī Ālū and Kalāteh-ye ‘Alī Āllū) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 43 families.
 Lamak Mahalleh-ye Lafmejan (Persian: لمك محله لفمجان‎ also Romanized as Lamak Maḩalleh-ye Lafmejān) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 50 families.
 Malko Asenovo is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Sar Qaleh Olya (Persian: سرقلعه عليا‎ also Romanized as Sar Qal‘eh ‘Olyā; also known as Sar Ghal‘eh and Sar Qal‘eh) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Morakówko [mɔraˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Gołańcz 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gav Sur (Persian: گاوسور‎ also Romanized as Gāv Sūr; also known as Gausurkh Gav-e Sorkh and Gāv Sorkh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 894 in 183 families.
 Utra Janubi (Urdu: اُترا جنُوبى‎) is a village and one of the 51 Union Councils (administrative subdivisions) of Khushab District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. This village gets its name from the Uttra tribe who make the bulk of the population.
 Nasruyi (Persian: نصروئي‎ also Romanized as Naşrūyī; also known as Naşrūnī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nieszczyce [ɲɛʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Nistitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Okhnebin is a village in Sagaing District in the southeast of the Sagaing Division in Burma. It is located northwest of the regional city of Sagaing.
 Duża Kujawa [ˈduʐa kuˈjava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 130.
 Deh Sefid (Persian: ده سفيد‎ also Romanized as Deh Sefīd; also known as Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Gugerdchi (Persian: گوگردچي‎ also Romanized as Gūgerdchī) is a village in Chaman Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 50 families.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Rybno 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Mataruge is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Aniyyat (Persian: عنيت‎ also Romanized as ‘Anīyyat) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 18 families.
 Gongasso is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 378 square kilometers and includes ten villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 8465. The village of Gongasso lies 29 km northwest of Sikasso on the main road the RN11 linking Sikasso and Koutiala.
 Piprahawa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3181 people living in 489 individual households.
 Skowronki [skɔˈvrɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gostyń and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tang-e Palangi (Persian: تنگ پلنگي‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Palangī) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 12 families.
 Shir Mahalleh (Persian: شيرمحله‎ also Romanized as Shīr Maḩalleh) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2024 in 557 families.
 Kayrakkeşli (also called Kayrakkeşlik) is a village in Mersin Province Turkey. It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Mersin city). It is situated on the road connecting Mersin to mountains villages in the Toros Mountains at 36°56′N 34°29′E. The distance to Mersin is 25 kilometres (16 mi). The population of the village is 179 as of 2011.
 Hasan Hajji (Persian: حسن حاجي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Ḩājjī) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 79 families.
 Achangi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Ab Hazar Helleh (Persian: اب هرزهله‎ also Romanized as Āb Ḩazar Ḩelleh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tazehabad-e Tahmasbqoli (Persian: تازه آباد طهماسبقلي‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Ţahmāsbqolī; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 29 families.
 Lamhuni (Persian: لمهوني‎ also Romanized as Lamhūnī; also known as Lūmhūnī) is a village in Mulan Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 6 families.
 Bukowo [buˈkɔvɔ] (German: Buchwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rymań 27 km (17 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Róża [ˈruʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Dębica and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1400.
 Kaduthuruthy-Mannar is a small village situated in the Kottayam district of the Kerala state India. It is geographically located between Thalayolaparambu and Kaduthuruthy.
 Bu ol Askar (Persian: بوالعسكر‎ also Romanized as Bū ol ‘Askar; also known as Bel‘askar and Bulaskai) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 70 families.
 Thanahattargi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hukeri taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Bąkowo [bɔnˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Wyrzysk 35 km (22 mi) east of Piła and 83 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kıratlı is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province Turkey. It is one of the northernmost villages of the district. It is situated to the east of Turkish state highway D.550 and Aegean Sea coast. The population of the village is 724 as of 2011.
 Szczury [ˈʂt͡ʂurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Espas (Persian: اسپاس‎ also Romanized as Espās; also known as Īsbāz and Ispas) is a village in Abharrud Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 102 families.
 Tajareh (Persian: تجره‎) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 13 families.
 Emigi (Persian: اميگي‎ also Romanized as Emīgī; also known as Chūkhūn) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 120 families.
 Kačapor is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 72 people.
 Joševa is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1123 people.
 Staro Selo is a village near Otočac Croatia.
 Qarah Takan (Persian: قره تكان‎ also Romanized as Qarah Taḵān) is a village in Darreh Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qarah Aqachli (Persian: قره اقاچلي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āqāchlī; also known as Qarah Qāshlī) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 44 families.
 Tabestan Neshin (Persian: تابستان نشين‎ also Romanized as Tābestān Neshīn) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 78 families.
 Darvishi (Persian: درويشي‎ also Romanized as Darvīshī; also known as Darinshi Darvīahi and Darvīshān) is a village in Shonbeh Rural District Shonbeh and Tasuj District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 88 families.
 Homoty [xɔˈmɔtɨ] (Ukrainian: Гомоти Homoty) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Mielnik 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Siemiatycze and 81 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Shah-e Pirabad (Persian: شاه پيراباد‎ also Romanized as Shāh-e Pīrābād) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 619 in 132 families.
 Bieliny [bjɛˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Deh-e Borzu (Persian: ده برزو‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Borzū and Deh Borzū) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District Bala Velayat District Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 504 in 116 families.
 Khalifehlu (Persian: خليفه لو‎ also Romanized as Khalīfehlū; also known as Khalfehlū and Khalīfeh Qeshlāqī) is a village in Vilkij-e Markazi Rural District Vilkij District Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 92 families.
 Bojanići is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 94 people.
 Çerkeşli is a village in the District of Osmaneli Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 637 people.
 Nieznanowice [ɲɛznanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gdów 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Wieliczka and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Rakowice Wielkie [rakɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Rackwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Lwówek Śląski and 105 kilometres (65 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Linnuse is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Pomabamba (Quechua: Puma Pampa) is a town in the Pomabamba District of the Pomabamba Province in the Ancash Region of Peru.
 Wymiarki [vɨˈmjarki] (formerly German Wiesau) is a village in Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wymiarki. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-west of Żagań and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1300.
 Grębosze [ɡrɛmˈbɔʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Radoszyce 19 km (12 mi) south of Końskie and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Karaimeendarkottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Servani (Serbian: Сервани) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Skage or Skage i Namdalen is a village in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on the northern shore of the river Namsen about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of the municipal center Ranemsletta and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of the town of Namsos. The 0.63-square-kilometre (160-acre) village has a population (2011) of 651. The population density is 1033 inhabitants per square kilometre (2680 /sq mi).
 DHIANPUR is a village in Gurdaspur district in the Indian state of Punjab. Dhainpur is about 20 KM from Batala cityDhainpur is also known for Being sacred place heaving Main Shri Bawal Lal Dayal ji
 Kõveri is a village in Surju Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Jeziorowskie [jɛʑɔˈrɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Giżycko and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 190.
 Reedsville is a village in Manitowoc County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1206 at the 2010 census.
 Bandor-e Olya (Persian: بان درعليا‎ also Romanized as Bāndor-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bandarābād-e Bālā Bāndarābād-e ‘Olyā Bāyandor and Bāyandor-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 58 families.
 Huj (Arabic: هوج‎) was a Palestinian Arab village located 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) northeast of Gaza City. Identified as the site of the ancient Philistine town of Oga the modern village was founded by the Ottomans in the early 19th century.Situated in a hilly area on the northern edge of the Negev Desert its total land area amounted to approximately 22000 dunams of which about 3/4 was in Arab ownership while the remaining 1/4 belonged to Jewish owners and the general public.
 Laskowiec [lasˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzekuń within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Rzekuń 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Ostrołęka and 112 km (70 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dąbrowa Chełmińska 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Toruń.
 Gornja Jošanica is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 329 people.
 Mahyar (Persian: مهيار‎ also Romanized as Mahyār) is a village in Mahyar Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Grzybki [ˈɡʐɨpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Warta 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hacıhalil is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 De Klomp is a location in the municipality of Ede with a railway station called Veenendaal-De Klomp railway station. It is located in the Dutch province of Gelderland.
 Maleczewo [malɛˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] (German: Malleczewen (1938-45:Maletten)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ełk and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Vaskareh (Persian: وسكاره‎ also Romanized as Vaskāreh and Vesgāreh; also known as Vesgāh) is a village in Abali Rural District Rudehen District Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 24 families.
 Velika Lomnica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 899 people.
 Al-e Yusefi-ye Olya (Persian: ال يوسفي عليا‎ also Romanized as Āl-e Yūsefī-ye ‘Olyā and Āl-e Yūsofī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Āl-e Sefī-ye Bālā Āl-e Yūsefī-ye Bālā Āl-e Yūsofī and Āl-e Yūsofī-ye Bālā) is a village in Zirrah Rural District Sadabad District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 53 families.
 Zarzetka [zaˈʐɛtka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Laklar (Persian: لكلر‎) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4284 in 1101 families.
 Jędrychowo [jɛndrɨˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frombork within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Frombork 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Braniewo and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 140.
 Sijedac is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف آباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Golshan (Persian: گلشن‎) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2240 in 542 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Ali Kusha (Persian: مزرعه محمدعلي كوشا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḥammad ʿAlī Kūshā) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Janki [ˈjanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Donja Bodežišta (Serbian: Доња Бодежишта) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Palykorovy (Ukrainian: Паликорови) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. It was founded in 1501. The name literally burn the cows.From 1918 to 1939 the village was known by its Polish spelling Palikrowy as it was then located in the Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Manavari (Persian: منوري‎ also Romanized as Manāvarī Manavvarī and Manūrī; also known as Manavvarī Dīzgarān) is a village in Harasam Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 27 families.
 Mowtowr-e Khalq Khalqpur (Persian: موتورخالق خالق پور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khālq Khālqpūr) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jaliq (Persian: جاليق‎ also Romanized as Jālīq) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Benadi is a small but renowned village in the North-Western region of Karnataka state near Maharashtra Border in India.It is located in the Chikodi taluka of Belgaum district in Karnataka. Before it was a part of Bombay State and Princely state of Kolhapur. It is famous for its excellent quality of tobacco production. It is a part of Twin Village Aadi-Benadi. People who has origin from this village are known as Benadikar.
 Kamenica is a village in the municipality of Bojnik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 276 people.
 Baldwin is a village in St. Croix County Wisconsin United States. The population was 3957 at the 2010 census a growth rate of 48% from 2000. The village is located partially within the Town of Baldwin.
 Tikuligadh is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8880 people living in 1430 individual households.
 Nová Ves (Rychnov nad Kněžnou District) is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Wódka [ˈvutka] (German: Hochkretscham) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Branice 15 km (9 mi) south of Głubczyce and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 230.
 Shindholli is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gustawów [ɡusˈtavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dobrzyca 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Pleszew and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Jaroszewy [jarɔˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Skarszewy 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Starogard Gdański and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 445.
 Łukawka [wuˈkafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Baranów 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Puławy and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Turobin [tuˈrɔbin] is a village in Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Turobin. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1036.
 Drzązgowo [dʐɔ̃zˈɡɔvɔ] (German: Kienwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Chodzież and 63 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 5.
 Osiny Dolne [ɔˈɕinɨ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Siedlce and 81 km (50 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dast Bezanu (Persian: دستبزانو‎ also Romanized as Dast Bezānū) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 21 families.
 Björkeryd is a village in Karlskrona Municipality Blekinge County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2000 census it had a population of 106 people.
 Lipowica [lʲipɔˈvʲit͡sa] (Ukrainian: Липовиця Lypovytsia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dukla 17 km (11 mi) south of Krosno and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 284.
 Moudi is small village situated in district Bankura West Bengal India under police station Onda. One side there is small river in the north other side a jungle in the west. Around 2000 peoples lives here. Main occupation is cultivation.
 Ahsham-e Ahmad (Persian: احشام احمد‎ also Romanized as Aḩshām-e Aḩmad and Aḩshām Aḩmad; also known as Aḩshām-e Aḩmadī Khashm Ajhmadi and Khashm-e-Ahmadī) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District Rig District Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 7 families.
 Safarabad-e Chin (Persian: صفرابادچين‎ also Romanized as Şafarābād-e Chīn; also known as Şafarābād and Z̧afarābād) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 42 families.
 Isnav is a little village from one of the 22 Gam Patidar Samaj situated at coordinates: 22°31'59N  72°45'51E just nearby small town called Sojitra. Isnav is surrounded by natural countryside. The village has an entrance from the State Highway 83 (Anand – sojitra) in Gujarat. From the Gateway off the highway just after 0.80 km drive is the village Isnav.The village has a famous temple of legendary goddess “Shree Fulbai Maa” just on the side of a lake in the entrance.
 Blatska is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Helmesi is a village in the municipality of Potom in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Dastjerd (Persian: دستجرد‎; also known as Dasht Gird and Dasht Kord) is a village in Khorrami Rural District in the Central District of Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Kalleh Gavrah (Persian: كل گاوراه‎ also Romanized as Kalleh Gāvrāh Kalleh Gāvrā Kalleh Gāv Rāh Kala Gaurāh Kala Gāvreh Kal-e Gowrā Kaleh Gāvar and Kalgūrā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 29 families.
 Safarlu (Persian: صفرلو‎ also Romanized as Şafarlū) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 298 in 72 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 55 households used Safarlu as their winter quarters.
 Hovarpan (Persian: هوارپان‎ also Romanized as Hovārpān Havārpān and Hawar Pān) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 28 families.
 Fairwater is a village in Fond du Lac County Wisconsin United States. The population was 371 at the 2010 census.
 Płaskocin [pwasˈkɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kocierzew Południowy 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Łowicz and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Warzyn Drugi [ˈvaʐɨn ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Nagłowice 9 km (6 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Danowo [daˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kolno and 89 km (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 151.
 Krzętów [ˈkʂɛntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wielgomłyny 29 km (18 mi) east of Radomsko and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qeshlaq-e Qarah Darreh-ye Aziz Rostam (Persian: قشلاق قره دره عزيزرستم‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qarah Darreh-ye ʿAzīz Rostam) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 16 families.
 Altatu (Persian: التاتو‎ also Romanized as Altātū) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 105 families.
 Arab Hasan (Persian: عرب حسن‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab Ḩasan) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2107 in 356 families.
 Gol Ali (Persian: گل عالي‎ also Romanized as Gol ‘Ālī; also known as Gol‘āleh) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 38 families.
 Gornja Jurkovica (Serbian: Горња Јурковица) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qadi Mahalleh (Persian: قادي محله‎ also Romanized as Qādī Maḩalleh) is a village in Pazevar Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 59 families.
 Khalilabad (Persian: خليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Khalīlābād) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 44 families.
 Duninów [duˈninuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Gubiny [ɡuˈbinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogóźno within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 200.
 Grodkowo-Włóki [ɡrɔtˈkɔvɔ ˈvwuki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jelno [ˈjɛlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zapolice 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Zduńska Wola and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Suuremõisa is a village in Vormsi Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Sadeqabad (Persian: صادق اباد‎ also Romanized as Şādeqābād) is a village in Bahman Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ebrahimabad Zahedan (Persian: ابراهیم‌آباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Harmoniny [xarmɔˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Nowy Korczyn 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 60.
 Ahmadabad-e Etemad ol Dowleh (Persian: احمداباداعتمادالدوله‎ also Romanized as Āḩmadābād-e E‘temād ol Dowleh and Āḩmadābād-e E‘temād ed Dowleh; also known as Āḩmadābād) is a village in Saidabad Rural District in the Central District of Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 87 families.
 Wola Krzysztoporska [ˈvɔla kʂɨʂtɔˈpɔrska] is a village in Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 2100.
 Burj al-Qasab (Arabic: برج القصب‎) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Latakia Governorate located north of Latakia close to Ras Ibn Hani. Nearby localities include Al-Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the north Kirsana to the northwest Sitmarkho and al-Qanjarah to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Burj al-Qasab had a population of 4902 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.
 Belmaneh-ye Olya (Persian: بلمانه عليا‎ also Romanized as Belmāneh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Belmāneh-ye Rafīqābād) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 27 families.
 Jeziorko [jɛˈʑɔrkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Lutomiersk 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sang-e Zard (Persian: سنگزرد‎) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Polichna [pɔˈlixna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szastarka within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Szastarka 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Kraśnik and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Janków [ˈjankuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Księżostany [kɕɛ̃ʐɔˈstanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Zamość and 92 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Borovac (Serbian: Боровац) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowy Ciechocinek [ˈnɔvɨ t͡ɕɛxɔˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 242.
 Yahyaabad (Persian: يحيي اباد‎ also Romanized as Yaḩyáābād; also known as Yahiābād and Yakhiabad) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 15 families.
 Lasci (Serbian: Ласци) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jelow-e Sofla (Persian: جلوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Jelow-e Soflá; also known as Chalāu and Jelow) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 30 families.
 Opatkowice [ɔpatkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Działoszyce 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Świnice Warckie 16 km (10 mi) west of Łęczyca and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 İncedere is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Jankówek [janˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Żychlin 16 km (10 mi) east of Kutno and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Kerkaszentkirály is a village in Zala County Hungary.The village is part of the Letenye subregion. In the 2001 census it had a population of 284 with 98.6% of the population identifying themselves as Hungarians.
 Kal Qeysari-ye Olya (Persian: كل قيصري عليا‎ also Romanized as Kal Qeyṣarī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Rak Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 6 families.
 Ostrowice [ɔstrɔˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Wusterwitz) is a village in Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ostrowice. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 96 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 540.
 Khvoshyar (Persian: خوشيار‎ also Romanized as Khvoshyār and Khowshyār) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 55 families.
 Tripkova is a village in the municipality of Čajetina western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 372 people.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kluczewsko 15 km (9 mi) north of Włoszczowa and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Lab-e Rud (Persian: لب رود‎ also Romanized as Lab-e Rūd) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Oakwood is a village in Clay County Missouri United States. The population was 185 at the 2010 census.
 Kořenice is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qeysariyeh-ye Olya (Persian: قيصريه عليا‎ also Romanized as Qeyşarīyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qeyşarīyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 53 families.
 City Golf is a village and resort in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.
 Chap va Rast (Persian: چپوراست‎ also Romanized as Chap va Rāst; also known as Chap Rāst) is a village in Abanar Rural District Kalat District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 9 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Darvish Rashidi-ye Yek (Persian: تلمبه عشايري درويش رشيدي1‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Darvīsh Rashīdī-ye Yek) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Poręby [pɔˈrɛmbɨ] (Ukrainian: Поруби Poruby) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Besko within Sanok County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 196.
 Aligol (Persian: علي گل‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīgol ‘Alīkal and ‘Alīkol; also known as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Alī Kal and Qal‘eh-ye Alīgol) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 822 in 209 families.
 Qashqa Tappeh (Persian: قاشقاتپه‎ also Romanized as Qāshqā Tappeh; also known as Qashqeh Tappeh) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 16 families.
 Onnen is a village in the municipality Haren Groningen in the Netherlands. There are some picturesque farms and windmills in the village.Onnen is an esdorp . The Onner ash lies a considerable distance from the actual village (an ash generally lies flat outside a village).The Groningen – Assen railway lies near Onnen.
 Boży Dar [ˈbɔʐɨ ˈdar] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Jacochów [jaˈt͡sɔxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Maków 12 km (7 mi) west of Skierniewice and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gairimudi is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4299 people living in 886 individual households.
 Chotala is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil and is located at 32°49'0N 73°35'0E with an altitude of 214 metres (705 feet).
 Gurab-e Gonji (Persian: گوراب گنجي‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb-e Gonjī; also known as Gowrū Pā’īnī and Gūrāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Adagooru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Belur taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2159 in 497 families.
 Lučina is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 927 people.
 Gajedi is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7751 people living in 1310 individual households.This place is near to Lumbini Birthplace of Gautam Budhha. This VDC is also known for being the location of scenic attraction Gajedi Lake.
 Kurdeh (Persian: كورده‎ also Romanized as Kūrdeh; also known as Kūrdeh-e Lār and Kur-deh-Lâr) is a village in Dehkuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2927 in 698 families.
 Targoszyn [tarˈɡɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany and was called Bersdorf.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) south-east of Mściwojów 9 km (6 mi) east of Jawor and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Podłukawka [pɔdwuˈkafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wojciechowice 11 km (7 mi) east of Opatów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Bostaneh (Persian: بستانه‎ also Romanized as Bostāneh and Bastaneh; also known as Bandar-e Bostāneh Bandar-e Bostāneh Bostānū and Būstāneh) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2464 in 452 families.
 Vuku is a village in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located at the confluence of the Helgåa and Inna rivers where they become the Verdalselva river. The village is about 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Vera and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of the municipal center of Verdalsøra. The 0.33-square-kilometre (82-acre) village has a population (2009) of 210. This is a population density of 636 inhabitants per square kilometre (1650 /sq mi).
 Vahidabad (Persian: وحيداباد‎ also Romanized as Vaḩīdābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 41 families.
 Tremont City is a village in Clark County Ohio United States. The population was 375 at the 2010 census. The village is part of the Springfield Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Grębocice [ɡrɛmbɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (German: Gramschütz) is a village in Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Grębocice. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Polkowice and 81 kilometres (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1500.
 Mirków [ˈmirkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Długołęka and 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1200.
 Dalborowice [dalbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadowa Kłoda within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Dziadowa Kłoda 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Oleśnica and 48 kilometres (30 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ługi Ujskie [ˈwuɡi ˈui̯skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujście within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Ujście 6 km (4 mi) south of Piła and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zbyłowice [zbɨwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Ręczno 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vranjska (Cyrillic: Врањска) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gol-e Tut (Persian: گل توت‎ also Romanized as Gol-e Tūt) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chenar Zahedan (Persian: چنارزاهدان‎ also Romanized as Chenār Zāhedān; also known as Chenār Dozd) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 23 families.
 Kızılca Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kang-e Shir Ali Khan (Persian: كنگ شيرعلي خان‎ also Romanized as Kang-e Shīr ‘Alī Khān; also known as Kang-e Shīr ‘Alī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 53 families.
 Trn is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 30 people.
 Shaban (Persian: شعبان‎ also Romanized as Sha‘bān) is a village in Khararud Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 528 in 109 families.
 Słup [swup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gruta within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Gruta 18 km (11 mi) east of Grudziądz and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Lake Ann is a village in Benzie County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 268 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Almira Township 12 miles west of Traverse City.
 Deir al-Salib (Arabic: دير الصليب‎ also spelled Deir al-Sleib or Deir al-Suleib) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located 37 kilometers west of Hama. Nearby localities include Billin to the southeast al-Rabiaa to the east Asilah to the northeast Jubb Ramlah to the north al-Laqbah and Deir Mama to the northwest Masyaf to the west al-Suwaydah to the southwest and Baarin and Aqrab to the south.
 Nowy Rogożyn [ˈnɔvɨ rɔˈɡɔʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lipsk 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Augustów and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Jahan (Persian: جهان‎ also Romanized as Jahān) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 915 in 218 families.
 Sakouna is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Cheneh Sar (Persian: چنه سر‎) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 61 families.
 Czerkiesy [t͡ʂɛrˈkʲɛsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Augustów and 84 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 320.
 Khatab (Persian: خطب‎ also Romanized as Khaţab) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pariveh-ye Olya (Persian: پريوه عليا‎ also Romanized as Parīveh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Parīvak Parīvar-e Bālā Parīveh and Parīveh-ye Bālā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 23 families.
 Nimeh Kareh (Persian: نيمه كاره‎ also Romanized as Nīmeh Kāreh; also known as Neşfeh Kār and Nīmeh Kār) is a village in Zamkan Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 411 in 90 families.
 Teklinów [tɛˈklinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wieruszów and 107 km (66 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nimberga is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Aland taluk of Gulbarga district in Karnataka.
 Nowe Podole [ˈnɔvɛ pɔˈdɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilga within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) west of Garwolin and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Qatar Aghaj (Persian: قطاراغاج‎ also Romanized as Qaţār Āghāj; also known as Ghatar Aghaj Qaţār Āqāj and Qatrākhāj) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 48 families.
 Donji Dejan is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 497 people.
 Przemyśl [ˈpʂɛmɨɕl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sieraków 15 km (9 mi) east of Międzychód and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Darreh Rud (Persian: دره رود‎ also Romanized as Darreh Rūd) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 790 in 152 families.
 Donbal Deh (Persian: دنبالده‎ also Romanized as Donbāl Deh; also known as Donbāleh Deh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Stare Krzywe [ˈstarɛ ˈkʂɨvɛ] (German: Alt Krzywen; 1938-1945: Alt Kriewen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Stare Juchy 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Ełk and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Eivere is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.Linguist Elmar Muuk (1901–1941) was born in Eivere.
 Sosnówko [sɔsˈnufkɔ] (German: Neu Zozenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Resko 19 km (12 mi) north of Łobez and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kyupachilar is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Balan (Persian: بلان‎ also Romanized as Balān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 146 families.
 Qaleh Vazir (Persian: قلعه وزير‎ also Romanized as Qal’eh Vazīr and Qal‘eh-ye Vazīr; also known as Kalāteh Vazīr and Qal‘eh-ye Bāzār) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 60 families.
 Mowtowr-e Kandal (Persian: موتوركندل‎) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 97 families.
 Szewce [ˈʂɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Janów Lubelski and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pawłówko [paˈvwufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Przechlewo 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 113 km (70 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 242.
 Piskornica [piskɔrˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gózd within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Radom and 95 km (59 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Broczyna [brɔˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Trzebielino 35 km (22 mi) west of Bytów and 112 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 58.
 Chah-e Hajji Ahmad (Persian: چاه حاجي احمد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩājjī Aḩmad) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 22 families.
 Ardabilak (Persian: اردبيلك‎ also Romanized as Ardabīlak; also known as Ardāvīlāq) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 801 in 231 families.
 Niewiatrowice [ɲɛvjatrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Działoszyce 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 14 families.
 Bolewice [bɔlɛˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Bärfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Pełczyce 13 km (8 mi) south of Choszczno and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 214.
 Kudassanad is a rural community in the State of Kerala in India. Geographically it is situated in the eastern ending of Alappuzha District and western part of Pathanamthitta District. Southern end of Kudassanad is on the verge of Kollam District (in fact Kudassanad formed a part of Quilon which was the former name of Kollam before it was transferred to the jurisdiction of Alappuzha District).
 Żuniewo [ʐuˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Prażki [ˈpraʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Będków 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chmielowice [xmjɛlɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Morawica and 20 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 310.
 Karolinów [karɔˈlinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Żelechlinek 24 km (15 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qasemabad-e Olya (Persian: قاسمابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 587 in 177 families.
 Sulki [ˈsulki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Miastkowo 13 km (8 mi) west of Łomża and 85 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kuźnica [kuʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Przysucha and 104 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Mehrāhād) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Rudehen District Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1592 in 417 families.
 Çimenli is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 300 people.
 Kozielice [kɔʑɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Golczewo 14 km (9 mi) south of Kamień Pomorski and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Qaleh Now-e Khaleseh (Persian: قلعه نوخالصه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Khāleşeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 77 families.
 Bhedihari is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4065 people living in 670 individual households.
 Cheshmeh Shirin (Persian: چشمه شيرين‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Shīrīn) is a village in Nahr-e Anbar Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mäeküla is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Lushkan (Persian: لوشكان‎ also Romanized as Lūshkān Looshkan Lowshkān and Lūshgān) is a village in Ak Rural District Esfarvarin District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2864 in 621 families.
 Shahrak-e Javad ol Aymeh (Persian: شهرك جوادالائمه‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Javād ol Āymeh) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 34 families.
 Krubin [ˈkrubin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Sanniki 26 km (16 mi) east of Gostynin and 82 km (51 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Osie 17 km (11 mi) north of Świecie 56 km (35 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 62 km (39 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 336.
 Biały Zdrój [ˈbjawɨ ˈzdrui̯] (German: Balster) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kalisz Pomorski 32 km (20 mi) south of Drawsko Pomorskie and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Małyszczyn [maˈwɨʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Grodzisk 29 km (18 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bunlap is a village in the south-east of Pentecost Island in the Pacific archipelago of Vanuatu. It is the most well-known of a number of local kastom (custom) villages whose people aspire to retain a traditional lifestyle with minimal Western influences. Unlike some other kastom villages which remain strictly closed off to foreigners Bunlap has profited extensively from tourism in recent years.
 Ottawa is a village in and the county seat of Putnam County Ohio United States. The population was 4460 at the 2010 census.
 Łomów [ˈwɔmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Stodoły [stɔˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wojciechowice 11 km (7 mi) east of Opatów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 390.
 Pilembera (Persian: پيلمبرا‎ also Romanized as Pīlemberā and Pīlam Barā; also known as Pīlamīrah Pilamirakh Pīleh Mīreh and Pīlemberā-ye Bālā) is a village in Dinachal Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 65 families.
 Qanat-e Kohan-e Deh Shoyib (Persian: قنات كهن ده شعيب‎ also Romanized as Qanāt-e Kohan-e Deh Shoʿyīb; also known as Qanāt-e Kohan-e Shoaybdeh) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 14 families.
 Malczkowo [malt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] (German Malzkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Potęgowo 24 km (15 mi) east of Słupsk and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 504.
 Dalakdere is a village in Toroslar district of Mersin Province Turkey where the capital city of Toroslar district is actually a part of Greater Mersin. The distance to Mersin city center is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi). It is situated on the road connecting Mersin to Gözne and along a creek. The green landscape around the creek is suitable for a recreation spot and there are several restaurants servicing Mersin citizens.
 Dulebe is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 56 people.
 Gałkówka [ɡau̯ˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Uda Aramba is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Çiğiltepe is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Mikołajewo [mikɔwaˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wągrowiec and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kalateh Hajji Ata (Persian: كلاته حاجي عطا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh Hājjī ‘Aţā; also known as Ḩājjī ‘Atā Haji Ata Hāji Atta Ḩâjji Aţţā’ and Hājjī ‘Aţţār) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 27 families.
 Czarnowo [t͡ʂarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Goworowo 21 km (13 mi) south of Ostrołęka and 83 km (52 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Khursand Kalayeh (Persian: خورسندكلايه‎ also Romanized as Khūrsand Kalāyeh; also known as Khorsand Kalāyeh) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Kateh-ye Shast Abadan (Persian: كته شصت ابادان‎ also Romanized as Kateh-ye Shaşt Ābādān; also known as Kashtabadan Kat-e Shaşt Ābādān Katsaf Abadan and Katshaşt-e Ābādān) is a village in Chahardeh Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 515 in 162 families.
 Cherkinlu (Persian: چركينلو‎ also Romanized as Cherkīnlū; also known as Cherkenlū) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 494 in 117 families.
 Klonowiec Stary [klɔˈnɔvjɛt͡s ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Strzelce 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Kutno and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Abeh-ye Palang (Persian: ابه پلنگ‎ also Romanized as Ābeh-ye Palang; also known as Oveh Palang and Oveh Paknak) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 91 families.
 Dhaubini is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3118 people living in 480 individual households.
 Bimzorteh (Persian: بيمضرته‎ also Romanized as Bīmẕorteh) is a village in Haq Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 829 in 177 families.
 Darbahan (Persian: دربهان‎ also Romanized as Darbahān and Darbakhan) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 513 in 130 families.
 Hoseyni (Persian: حسيني‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynī) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 31 families.
 Kostelní Lhota is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Martinac is a village in Croatia.
 Tina (Persian: تينا‎ also Romanized as Tīnā) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 15 families.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] (German: Neuhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 250.
 Gereh Cheqa (Persian: گره چقا‎ also Romanized as Gereh Cheqā) is a village in Gorgin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 6 families.
 Bali Anaran (Persian: بالي اناران‎ also Romanized as Bālī Ānārān) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Emirli is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Salarabad-e Chenar (Persian: سالارابادچنار‎ also Romanized as Sālārābād-e Chenār) is a village in Chenar Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 10 families.
 Kajarestan (Persian: كجارستان‎ also Romanized as Kajārestān; also known as Gajarestān) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 69 families.
 Prohod is a village in Sredets Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Ghazanfarkhani (Persian: غضنفرخاني‎ also Romanized as Ghaẕanfarkhānī; also known as Eslāmābād and Qal‘eh-ye Ghaẕanfarkhānī) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 33 families.
 Chorkor is a fishing village and a neighborhood in the Accra Metropolis district a district in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana. The Chorkor oven got its name from here. Chorkor is a densely populated community. Ga-Dangme is the largest ethnic group in Chorkor followed by Akan. Chorkor has electricity water pipes schools and clinics. The shorelines of Chemu lagoon in Chorkor are polluted by waste materials. Chorkor is popularly known for being the birthplace of the Azonto dance.
 Standard is a village located in the southern part of the province of Alberta Canada. It is situated within the County of Wheatland approximately 80 kilometres (50 mi) east of the city of Calgary. The Canadian Pacific Railway tracks pass south of the village. The village was originally settled by Danish immigrants. Standard's economy is based on the surrounding farming community and the energy industry with a number of oil and gas rigs in operation in the vicinity.
 Domeli is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Sohawa Tehsil.
 Kolonia Ossa [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɔssa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odrzywół within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-west of Trzydnik Duży 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 430.
 Zachełmie [za'xɛwmʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zagnańsk and 12 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 568.
 Ostunrash (Persian: استون رش‎ also Romanized as Ostūnrash; also known as Sotūnrash) is a village in Shepiran Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 758 in 104 families.
 Metste is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Kopuz is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 119 people.
 ShriShetra Nagzari is a village in Shegaon tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.There is a small Central Railway Station located between Shegaon and Akola on the Bhusawal – Badnera section of Bhusawal division of Central Railway.
 Pubborka is a village in Kamrup district surrounded by Kamalpur town. It is 35 km from Guwahati.
 Babarganj is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7405 people living in 1353 individual households.
 Fillan is a village and former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is also the municipal center of the present-day municipality of Hitra. It is located on the northeastern shore of Hitra island about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Ansnes.
 Gwoździany [ɡvɔʑˈd͡ʑanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawonków within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Pawonków 12 km (7 mi) west of Lubliniec and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Qeshlaq-e Aqa Esmail (Persian: قشلاق اقااسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Āqā Esmāʿīl) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Sulistrowice [sulistrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Chlewiska 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Szydłowiec and 101 km (63 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 124.
 Ahghuk (Persian: اهجوك‎ also Romanized as Āhghūk Āhchūk and Ah Chūk) is a village in Korond Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Sokołowo [sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Chudolipie [xudɔˈlipjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Mohammad Aqa-ye Olya (Persian: محمداقاعليا‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Āqā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Neytal (Persian: نيتل‎; also known as Naithal and Netal) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 30 families.
 Khirbat Sa'sa' was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 28 1948. It was located 15 km east of Haifa.The Romans referred to the village as Kefar Sasai. Building foundations tombs carved in rocks cisterns and caves are located in the area.In 1945 it had a population of 151.
 Cham Sar (Persian: چمسار‎; also known as Cham Sārd and Cheshmeh Sār) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād; also known as Chāh-e Delāvar) is a village in Mohammadiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wijnjewoude (West Frisian: Wynjewâld) is a village consisting of about 2000 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
 Mikhak (Persian: ميخك‎ also Romanized as Mīkhak; also known as Mīkhak-e Seyyedābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District Pain Jam District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 92 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Moradiasar-e Sargrij (Persian: تلمبه عشايري مرادياسرسرگريج‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Morādīāsar Sargrīj) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 35 families.
 Kocaoluk is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°43′N 33°53′E it is situated in Toros Mountains to the west of Limonlu Creek valley . The distance to Silifke is 45 kilometres (28 mi). The population of Kocaoluk was 311 as of 2011.
 Aq Darreh (Persian: اقدره‎ also Romanized as Āq Darreh; also known as Āgh Darreh and Āqdaraq) is a village in Sahandabad Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 15 families.
 Paszenki [paˈʂɛŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłoń within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Parczew and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gurgunta also spelled as Guragunta (Kannada: ಗುರಗುಂಟಾ ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Gurgunta is famous for the ancient Amareshwara temple. It is located in the Lingasugur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka. Karnataka State highway 19 passes through the village.
 Kryezi is a village in the municipality of Petrelë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Hantabad (Persian: حنط اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩanţābād; also known as Handābād and Khantābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Grzybów Dolny [ˈɡʐɨbuf ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Żychlin 27 km (17 mi) east of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Yalquz Aghaj (Persian: يالقوزاغاج‎ also Romanized as Yālqūz Āghāj; also known as Bāltūz Āghāj Lāl Kūzācāch Lālqūzācāch and Yālqūz Āqāj) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 79 families.
 Pomocnia [pɔˈmɔt͡sɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Pułtusk and 45 km (28 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kaerepere is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Novo Selo is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 362 people.
 Nowogród [nɔˈvɔɡrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Golub-Dobrzyń and 29 km (18 mi) east of Toruń.
 Osówka [ɔˈsufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wyszki 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Eskiçine is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 786 people.
 Si Pa Phìn is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province in northwestern Vietnam.
 Chinapandraka is a village in Kruthivennu and Mandal village in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh the Republic of India. The Bhramham Gari Matam and the 'Saidan Swamy' temples are features of the village.
 Skęczno [ˈskɛnt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zadzim 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Amir Hendeh (Persian: اميرهنده‎ also Romanized as Amīr Hendeh; also known as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Amīr Hendeh) is a village in Dehshal Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 970 in 303 families.
 Zavala is a village in southern Herzegovina near the Vjetrenica cave system.The village lies in the south-western part of Popovo polje Herzegovina. Zavala was part of the Serbian medieval župa (district) of Popovo referred to in the Chronicles of the priest Dukljanin and in a deed of gift of prince Miroslav issued to the Church of St Peter in Lim at the end of the twelfth century.
 Činiglavci is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 331 people.
 Kal Chenar (Persian: كل چنار‎ also Romanized as Kal Chenār; also known as Kalchandār and Kaleh Chendār) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 593 in 125 families.
 Pas Chat Sharang Rang (Persian: پس چات شرانگ رنگ‎ also Romanized as Pas Chāt Sharāng Rang) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Dubienka 34 km (21 mi) south-east of Chełm and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Oručevac is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Więckowice [vjɛnt͡skɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Zenash (Persian: زنش‎) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 26 families.
 Velika Horvatska is a village in Croatia.
 Teolog [tɛˈɔlɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Lubiewo 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Tuchola and 46 km (29 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 61.
 Kolah Pay Qasem (Persian: كله پاي قاسم‎ also Romanized as Kolah Pāy Qāsem) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pietrasze [pjɛˈtraʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Gołdap and 130 km (81 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Qalehcheh (Persian: قلعه چه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘ehcheh; also known as Qal‘ehchī) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 27 families.
 Brajčino (Macedonian: Брајчино [ˈbrajtʃinɔ]) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia situated 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Lake Prespa on Baba Mountain in Pelister National Park. The village is also located near the border with Greece. Brajčino's nature and old architecture draws both domestic and foreign tourists.
 Nacuche is a village in Espita Municipality Yucatan (Mexico) located on the Litoral Oriente (East Coast) or Region I of Yucatan. It has an average height of 29 meters. The population was 1130 at the 2005 census made by the INEGI.
 Brzyszewo [bʐɨˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Birken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Chodecz 25 km (16 mi) south of Włocławek and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Piława Dolna [piˈwava ˈdɔlna] (German: Peilau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 1700.
 Psary [ˈpsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Drobin 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Płock and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Quchi Bashi (Persian: قوچي باشي‎ also Romanized as Qūchī Bāshī; also known as Kānī ‘Āzīz-e Qūshī Bāshī and Qūjī Bāshī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 34 families.
 Varziad (Persian: ورزید‎ also Romanized as Varzīad; also known as Varzīat) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Vatnsoyrar is a village founded in 1921 in the middle of the Faroese island of Vagar.Vatnsoyrar being created in 1921 is one of the youngest settlements in the Faroes. It is the only village in the archipelago that is not on the coast but instead it is next to Sørvagsvatn the largest lake on the Faroe Islands.
 Tiran (Persian: تيران‎ also Romanized as Tīrān and Tīrūn) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 64 families.
 Króle [ˈkrulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Arges-e Olya (Persian: ارگس عليا‎ also Romanized as Ārges-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qal‘eh Rafī‘) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 39 families.
 Nawsie Kołaczyckie [ˈnafɕɛ kɔwaˈt͡ʂɨt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczyce within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kołaczyce 6 km (4 mi) north of Jasło and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dunice is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mazraeh-ye Deh Dol (Persian: مزرعه ده دل‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Deh Dol; also known as Deh Dol) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Keykaleh (Persian: كيكله‎; also known as Kepkaleh') is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 45 families.
 Stare Kozłowice [ˈstarɛ kɔzwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gniewkowo [ɡɲefˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sakui Kulesah (Persian: سكوي كولسه‎ also Romanized as Sakūī Kūlesah; also known as Sakūkolesah) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 17 families.
 Basri is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Michalice [mixaˈlit͡sɛ] (German Michelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Namysłów and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Zwola [ˈzvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Miastków Kościelny 18 km (11 mi) east of Garwolin and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Pogorzel [pɔˈɡɔʐɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Celestynów within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Celestynów 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Otwock and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Leszczyna [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 60.
 Płośnia [ˈpwɔɕɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gnojno 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hasan Sara (Persian: حسن سرا‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Sarā; also known as Ḩanak Sarā and Ḩasanak Sarā) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 29 families.
 Behdan (Persian: بهدان‎ also Romanized as Behdān; also known as Bīdān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 96 families.
 Ciechów [ˈt͡ɕexuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Środa Śląska and 33 kilometres (21 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1500.
 Agricultural Pumps Complex (Persian: مجتمع تلمبه هائ كشاورزئ پشت سيل بند‎ – Mojtame` Tolombeh Hāy Keshāvarzy Pasht Seyl Band) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Ostojićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Остојићево) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Čoka municipality North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (56.15%) with a present Hungarian minority (26.51%) and its population numbering 2844 people with circa 300 Polish Silesian minority of Wisła descent (2002 census) .
 Taham (Persian: تهام‎ also Romanized as Tahām) is a village in Kisom Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 53 families.
 Allahabad (Persian: اله اباد‎ also Romanized as Allāhābād; also known as Allah Abad Bafgh and Mazra‘eh-ye Allāhābād) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qamun (Arabic: قامون‎ Kaimôn meaning cumin; also transliterated Kamun Kaimun Keimûn) was a Palestinian village located southeast of Haifa adjacent to the neighbouring village of Qira.Thought to be the site of the Canaanite royal city of Jokneam during Roman rule in Palestine millennia later it was a city whose name is transcribed by Eusebius of Caesarea as Cammona and by Jerome as Cimana. During the Crusades Caymon was a valuable fiefdom granted to Balian of Ibelin by Saladin.
 Naservand (Persian: ناصروند‎ also Romanized as Nāşervand and Nāusarwān) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 44 families.
 Mamino [maˈminɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sypniewo 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 95 km (59 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 395.
 Muławki [muˈwafki] (German Muhlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 113.
 Gerdab-e Sofla (Persian: گرداب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gerdāb-e Soflá) is a village in Falard Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 567 in 126 families.
 Liarud (Persian: ليارود‎ also Romanized as Līārūd) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Golzar (Persian: گلزار‎ also Romanized as Golzār) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Płatkownica [pwatkɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sadowne 34 km (21 mi) north of Węgrów and 78 km (48 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Byšice is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Shifeh (Persian: شيفه‎ also Romanized as Shīfeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 22 families.
 Ciecholewy [t͡ɕɛxɔˈlɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Konarzyny 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Chojnice and 103 km (64 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 155.
 Lipiny [liˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mehraban (Persian: مهربن‎; also known as Mehrbun) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 83 families.
 Kalat-e Malek (Persian: كلات مالك‎ also Romanized as Kalāt-e Mālek) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1057 in 221 families.
 Makitani (Cyrillic: Макитани) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ekecikyeni Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Çekirdeksiz is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mojtame Mowtowr-e Hay Baluchha (Persian: مجمع موتورهاي بلوچها‎ also Romanized as Mojtame` Mowtowr-e Hāy Balūchhā) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 760 in 170 families.
 Obsza [ˈɔpʂa] is a village in Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Obsza. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 108 km (67 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 861.
 Chaleh Polarz (Persian: چاله پلرز‎ also Romanized as Chāleh Polarz) is a village in Daland Rural District in the Central District of Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 56 families.
 Dar Kul (Persian: دركول‎ also Romanized as Dar Kūl; also known as Darreh Kūl) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 14 families.
 Vesela is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Murowanka [murɔˈvaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pokrzywnica 15 km (9 mi) south of Pułtusk and 40 km (25 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Ziarat (Persian: زيارت‎ also Romanized as Zīārat Zeyārat and Zīyārat) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 30 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 23 families.
 Amaramudnooru is a small village in the Sullia taluk Dakshina Kannada District. It is surrounded by green forest. The people here grow arecanut coconut rubber cocoa etc. Its head quartres is in Kukkujadka. Early Doddathota is the centre. This village consists of places like Kukkujadka Doddathota Pailar.
 Esmail Mahmudi (Persian: اسماعيل محمودي‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īl Maḩmūdī and Esmāeel Maḩmūdī) is a village in Kabgan Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 41 families.
 Ostrowite [ɔstrɔˈvitɛ] (German Osterwik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Pszczółki 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Pruszcz Gdański and 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 167.
 Shirin Ab (Persian: شيرين اب‎ also Romanized as Shīrīn Āb) is a village in Boli Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Marathon City is a village in Marathon County Wisconsin United States. It is part of the Wausau Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1524 at the 2010 census. The village was incorporated from a part of the original area of the town of Marathon. The village dates back to 1856.
 Kiszewo [kiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Oborniki and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rashida (Rasceda) is a desert village in the Jalo oasis of the Al Wahat District in the Cyrenaica region in northeastern Libya. It is about 3.7 kilometres (2.3 mi) southwest of the town of Jalu. In 1951 the population was reported as about 600.
 Gradska (Serbian: Градска) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 Drapak [ˈdrapak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Opalenica 21 km (13 mi) east of Nowy Tomyśl and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Fanore (Irish: Fánóir Fán Óir meaning the golden slope) is a small village in County Clare on the west coast of Ireland.Lying on the road between Ballyvaughan and Doolin Fanore is renowned for its extensive sandy beach. The village is very popular with walkers surfers tourists and is particularly interesting to botanists owing to its location on the edge of the Burren – renowned for its unique flora and fauna.
 Krukówko [kruˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 206.
 Kadanad is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Flaten is a village in the municipality of Åmli in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located on the river Nidelva about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southeast of the village of Nelaug. The population (2001) of Flaten was 32. The village has a railway station Flaten Station which is part of the Arendalsbanen.
 Huruiyeh (Persian: حوروئيه‎ also Romanized as Ḩūrū’īyeh; also known as Ḩūroeeyeh) is a village in Nowdezh Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 14 families.
 Rzeplin [ˈʐɛplʲin] (Ukrainian: Ріплин Riplyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Pruchnik 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Jarosław and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 120.
 Wola Zadąbrowska [ˈvɔla zadɔmˈbrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Warta 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sadków Duchowny [ˈsatkuf duˈxɔvnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Skórzewo [skuˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szubin 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 65.
 Qarah Tappeh (Persian: قره تپه‎) is a village in Razakan Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 61 families.
 Kalemler Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Vidar (Persian: ويدر‎ also Romanized as Vīdar) is a village in Alvir Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 84 families.The population speak the Alviri-Vidari language.
 Koknese (About this sound pronunciation ) is a historic town in Latvia the administrative centre of Koknese municipality on the right bank of the Daugava River. It has a population of nearly 3000.
 Asekan (Persian: اسكان‎ also Romanized as Āsekān and Āskān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 20 families.
 Pinto (Santiago del Estero) is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Żłobek Duży [ˈʐwɔbɛk ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Donji Dušnik is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
 Ghuraifa (Arabic: الغريفة‎) is a village in Bahrain that has now been subsumed into the Juffair suburb of Manama Bahrain.
 Świeszewo [ɕfjɛˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Schwessow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Gryfice and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sarbak (Persian: ساربك‎ also Romanized as Sārbak; also known as Sabū Sar Bug Sārbūg and Sārbūk) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2184 in 428 families.
 Zenharkandi (Persian: زنهاركندي‎ also Romanized as Zenhārkandī; also known as Zīnhār) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 24 families.
 Wolimierz [vɔˈlimjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland both near the German and near the Czech borders. The nearest towns are Mirsk and Swieradow Zdroj.
 Bishnupurwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3606 persons living in 617 individual households.
 Dawia [ˈdavja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 131 km (81 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 60.
 Arikkulam is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Cheshmeh Rashnow (Persian: چشمه رشنو‎) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 44 families.
 Tombat-e Pain (Persian: تم بت پايين‎ also Romanized as Tombat-e Pā’īn and Tombat-e Pāeen) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 41 families.
 Talkh-e Ataher (Persian: تلخ اطهر‎ also Romanized as Talkh-e Āṭaher; also known as Talkh) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 30 families.
 Ostrov is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zardeh Kani-ye Olya (Persian: زرده كاني عليا‎ also Romanized as Zardeh Kānī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Zardekānī-ye Soflá) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karwacz [ˈkarvat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Łuków and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Banovići (Serbian: Бановићи) is a village in the municipality of Banovići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Glinice-Domaniewo [ɡliˈnit͡sɛ dɔmaˈɲɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Garm Salar Reza (Persian: گرم سالاررضا‎ also Romanized as Garm Sālār Rez̤ā) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 149 families.
 Zaglavak is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 566 people.
 Dziechtarzew [d͡ʑɛxˈtaʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Lutomiersk 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 20 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Klepaczka [klɛˈpat͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starcza within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) south of Częstochowa and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 161.
 Rossoszyca [rɔssɔˈʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Warta 12 km (7 mi) north of Sieradz and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 570.
 Bhutahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2929 people living in 591 individual households.
 Świątkowice [ɕfjɔntkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Lututów 24 km (15 mi) east of Wieruszów and 86 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vukušica is a village in the municipality of Vrnjačka Banja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 246 people.
 Bogawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Faryadras (Persian: فريادرس‎ also Romanized as Faryādras) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Siedlece [ɕɛdˈlɛt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Boćki 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Vari-ye Kalak (Persian: ورئ كلك‎ also Romanized as Varī-ye Kalak) is a village in Gachi Rural District Gachi District Malekshahi County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 744 in 100 families.
 Karnity [karˈnitɨ] (German Karnitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Mehamn (Northern Sami: Donjevuotna; Kven: Meehamina) is a the administrative centre of Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located on the small Vedvik peninsula itself part of the greater Nordkinn Peninsula at the southern end of the Mehamnfjorden a bay off of the Barents Sea. The village of Gamvik lies about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) to the east and the village of Kjøllefjord (in Lebesby Municipality) lies about 30 kilometres (19 mi) to the southwest.
 Carroll is a village in Wayne County Nebraska United States. The population was 229 at the 2010 census.
 Bagh-e Jamal (Persian: باغ جمال‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Jamāl Bāgh Jamāl and Bāgh-i-Jamāl) is a village in Zhan Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 18 families.
 Khaljuy (Persian: خلجوي‎ also Romanized as Khaljūy) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 610 in 134 families.
 Rudolfin [ruˈdɔlfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kamień 11 km (7 mi) east of Chełm and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Orłowo [ɔrˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tuska Chal (Persian: توسكاچال‎ also Romanized as Tūskā Chāl and Towskā Chāl) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 137 families.
 Laskowice [laskɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Prabuty 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Aga-Mirza-Obasi is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Eyvanak (Persian: ايوانك‎ also Romanized as Eyvānak Aiwānak and Ayvanak) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 99 families.
 Galew [ˈɡalɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Dobrzyca 17 km (11 mi) west of Pleszew and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lipa [ˈlipa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ruda Maleniecka 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Końskie and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 380.
 Dadeh Olum (Persian: داده الوم‎ also Romanized as Dādeh Olūm; also known as Dādeh Deh and Dadeh) is a village in Kerend Rural District Dashli Borun District Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 50 families.
 Piątnica [pjɔntˈnit͡sa] (until 1999 Piątnica Poduchowna) is a village in Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Piątnica. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łomża and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.In 2006 the village had a population of 1800.
 Bid Barzeh-ye Sefidar (Persian: بيدبرزه سفيدار‎ also Romanized as Bīd Barzeh-e Sefīdār; also known as Bīd Barzeh) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 20 families.
 Bab-e Khaledabad (Persian: باب خالداباد‎ also Romanized as Bāb-e Khāledābād) is a village in Haq Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 50 families.
 Targowisko Dolne [tarɡɔˈviskɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Iława and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 260.
 Rammanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mysore taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Kiełpin [ˈkʲɛu̯pin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Łomianki 16 km (10 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Abrud (Persian: ابرود‎ also Romanized as Ābrūd) is a village in Mazinan Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 729 in 160 families.
 Złotniki [zwɔtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Mielec and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 873.
 Babuijore is a village in Birbhum West Bengal India.
 Safar Kheyl (Persian: صفرخيل‎ also Romanized as Şafar Kheyl; also known as Aşafar Kheyl) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 67 families.
 Kierlikówka [kʲɛrliˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciana within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Trzciana 19 km (12 mi) south of Bochnia and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Azizeh (Persian: عزيزه‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzeh) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kureh Kharem (Persian: كوره خرم‎ also Romanized as Kūreh Kharem) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 51 families.
 Bielcza [ˈbjɛlt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzęcin within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Borzęcin 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Brzesko and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1600.
 Babkowice [bapkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pępowo within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Pępowo 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Gostyń and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Daszewo [daˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Dassow) is a village in Poland. It is located in Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland.Daszewo is the subject of the documentary film Deutsch-Polnische Annäherungen in Daszewo (German-Polish Reconciliation in Daszewo). The film compares life memories of German and Polish residents from Daszewo with the hope for better German-Polish cooperation. There is a German and a Polish version of the film.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Imielno 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Jędrzejów and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] (German: Piasken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ruciane-Nida 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Pisz and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rżaniec [ˈrʐaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of Ostrołęka and 101 km (63 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Keshaharan (Persian: كشهران‎ also Romanized as Keshaharān) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 27 families.
 Landi Yarghajo (Urdu:لنڈی یارغجو) (from Yar-gha-jo point where five rivers or roads meet) or Landi Arbab (Urdu: لنڈی ارباب) is a village in Peshawar Pakistan. It is 15 minutes drive away from Peshawar International Airport and Peshawar Saddar. The village is largely populated by Qazi Arbab Fateh Khan Khel and Ghorghust groups.
 Nurabad-e Sar Talap (Persian: نورابادسرتلاپ‎ also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Sar Talāp) is a village in Karvandar Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 85 families.
 Zamin Deraz (Persian: زمين دراز‎ also Romanized as Zamīn Derāz) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Abu Fazel (Persian: ابوفاضل‎ also Romanized as Abū Fāzel; also known as Abū Fāẕel-e Zargān Ālbū Fāzel Bufāzil and Zargān-e Abū Fāẕel) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 841 in 117 families.
 Çamlıca is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Darreh-ye Qir (Persian: دره قير‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Qīr) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bozgedik is a village in the District of Çelikhan Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Carboncito is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Nowa Wieś Wielka [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Janowiec Kościelny 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 200.
 Kręsk [krɛ̃sk] (German: Kranz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Stawiguda and 12 km (7 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Abkosh (Persian: ابكش‎ also Romanized as Ābkosh and Ābkash) is a village in Abkosh Rural District Bord Khun District Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 819 in 144 families.
 Młynisko [mwɨˈniskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It was visited by Lech Walesa in 1990 to honor its role in supporting trade unions.
 Limetree is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Jakubów [jaˈkubuf] (German: Jakobskirch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radwanice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Radwanice 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Polkowice and 89 kilometres (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 167.
 Kothayam is a Village Panchayat under Thoppampatti Union of oddanchatram Taluk Dindigul district Tamilnadu.It has seven small Villages attached to it for Administrative Purposes.It includes AruvankattuvalasuMarriamman Temple Vallakkundapuram Veeragirikottai Vedikaranvalasu Thhethagoundenvalasu Koothampattiyanvalasu and Kondavanayakanvalasu village.
 Sveti Matej (Saint Matthew) is a village in Croatia.
 Gęsice [ɡɛ̃ˈɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Domaniów 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Oława and 21 kilometres (13 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 211.
 Hajji Kuhi (Persian: حاجي كوهي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kūhī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aravampatti (Tamil: அரவம்பட்டி) is a village in the Gandaravakottai revenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sarumeh (Persian: سرومه‎ also Romanized as Sarūmeh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pakrani is a village in Croatia.
 Nalbantlar Söke is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 289 people.
 Edison is a village in Morrow County Ohio United States. The population was 437 at the 2010 census. Edison is adjacent to and west of Mount Gilead Ohio the county seat.
 Mannamkandam is a village near Adimali in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Kotalli (Persian: كتلي‎ also Romanized as Kotallī) is a village in Tabar Rural District Jolgeh Shoqan District Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 411 in 107 families.
 Sehk (Persian: سهك‎ also Romanized as Sahk; also known as Sek Sekh and Sīk) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 36 families.
 Broniszewo [brɔniˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Monbrunshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Młynary 27 km (17 mi) east of Elbląg and 64 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 20.
 Domaniew [dɔˈmaɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Brwinów 3 km (2 mi) north-west of Pruszków and 17 km (11 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Nakherchi Bolaghi (Persian: ناخرچي بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Nākherchī Bolāghī) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Częstochowa and 81 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 6.
 Zoviyeh-ye Yek-e Sofla (Persian: زويه يك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zovīyeh-ye Yek-e Soflá; also known as Zovīyeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 96 families.
 Morawsko [mɔˈrafskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Jarosław and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Thinwin is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Krňany is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Höçvan  Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Thingeyri (in Icelandic written Þingeyri) is a settlement in the municipality of Ísafjarðarbær Iceland.It is located on the coast of the fjord Dýrafjörður in the mountainous peninsula Westfjords (in Icelandic written Vestfirðir). It has a population of approximately 260.Continually inhabited since 1787 Þingeyri is one of the oldest settlements in the Westfjords and the first trading post established there.
 Abkhizeh (Persian: ابخيزه‎ also Romanized as Ābkhīzeh) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District Bala Velayat District Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 766 in 155 families.
 Stare Rakowo [ˈstarɛ raˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kolno and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 140.
 Kuh Khezr (Persian: كوه خضر‎ also Romanized as Kūh Kheẕr) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 21 families.
 Włocin-Kolonia [ˈvwɔt͡ɕin kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Błaszki 26 km (16 mi) west of Sieradz and 78 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hamech (Persian: همچ‎) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 34 families.
 Zakian (Persian: زكيان‎ also Romanized as Zakīān Zakeyān and Zakīyān; also known as Bābā Kūhak Kūrnī and Zakīān-e Bābā Kūhak) is a village in Banesh Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 53 families.
 Sariyeh (Persian: ساريه‎ also Romanized as Sārīyeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2483 in 453 families.
 Kareepra is a village near Edakkidom in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Bahmani (Persian: بهمني‎ also Romanized as Bahmanī; also known as Bahmé Bahmeh’ī and Bahme’ī) is a village in Banesh Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 35 families.
 Skrzypkowo [skʂɨpˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 km (14 mi) east of Toruń.
 Komasi-ye Sofla (Persian: كماسي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Komāsī-ye Soflá) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 35 families.
 Tarnowska Wola [tarˈnɔfska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Lubochnia 15 km (9 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bieliny [bjɛˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qeshlaq-e Aq Borun (Persian: قشلاق اق برون‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Āq Borūn) is a village in Gowg Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Michalków [mʲiˈxalkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Shadyside is a village in Belmont County Ohio United States along the Ohio River. It is part of the Wheeling West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 3785 at the 2010 census.
 Opačić is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wola Wodyńska [ˈvɔla vɔˈdɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wodynie 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 73 km (45 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzezawa within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rzezawa 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Bochnia and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1200.
 Evci is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tarik Darreh-ye Bala (Persian: تاريك دره بالا‎ also Romanized as Tārīk Darreh-ye Bālā; also known as Tārīk Darreh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 441 in 99 families.
 Gostomko [ɡɔsˈtɔmkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Lipusz 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Kościerzyna and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 117.
 Thapanzeik is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Kruszyna [kruˈʂɨna] (German Krussen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kobylnica 13 km (8 mi) south of Słupsk and 105 km (65 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Suigu Pärnu County is a village in Are Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Indian Point is a village in Stone County Missouri United States. The population was 528 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Branson Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Janikatala is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2572 people living in 443 individual households.
 Petko Slaveykov is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Rikan (Persian: ريكان‎ also Romanized as Rīkān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 100 families.
 Siekierka Stara [ɕɛˈkʲɛrka ˈstara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north of Lipsko and 113 km (70 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Dur Dasht (Persian: دوردشت‎ also Romanized as Dūr Dasht) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 57 families.
 Dugi Del is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 42 people.
 Yassıören is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Bagh-e Band Bozorg (Persian: باغ بندبزرگ‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Band Bozorg) is a village in Emad Deh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pisary [piˈsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Ożarów 20 km (12 mi) east of Opatów and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Qaleh Najaf (Persian: قلعه نجف‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Najaf) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gahvareh Poshteh (Persian: گهواره پشته‎ also Romanized as Gahvāreh Poshteh) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Moradabad (Persian: مزرعه مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Morādābād) is a village in Palangabad Rural District Palangabad District Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gorzanów [ɡɔˈʐanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kłodzko and 91 kilometres (57 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 921.
 Rogale Wielkie [rɔˈɡalɛ ˈvʲɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Biała Piska 30 km (19 mi) east of Pisz and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 120.
 Chah Khashtu (Persian: چاه خشتو‎ also Romanized as Chāh Khashtū; also known as Chāh Khashdū) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Nugetenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kitnówko [kitˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie nad Osą within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Świecie nad Osą 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Grudziądz and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Dürrnberg also named Bad Dürrnberg is an Austrian village part of the municipality of Hallein in Hallein District (Tennengau) Salzburg State. It is the location of the Hallein Salt Mine (Salzbergwerk Dürrnberg).
 Słępy [ˈswɛmpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Domaháza is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. As of 2008 it had a population of 903.
 Rudin (Persian: رودين‎ also Romanized as Rūdīn) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Počekovina is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 838 people.
 Piaskowiec [pjasˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Ostaszewo 11 km (7 mi) west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Lulakdan (Persian: لولكدان‎ also Romanized as Lūlakdān) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 97 families.
 Chavar Kalayeh (Persian: چوركلايه‎ also Romanized as Chavar Kalāyeh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 19 families.
 Antoniówka [antɔˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Zaklików 22 km (14 mi) north of Stalowa Wola and 83 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 102.
 Zovi Do (Serbian: Зови До) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 K.Junipeth is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Pamiątków [paˈmjɔntkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Gol Nazar (Persian: گل نظر‎ also Romanized as Gol Naẓar; also known as Mīdā) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Červený Újezd is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mezowo [mɛˈzɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kartuzy and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 544.
 Izdebki-Wąsy [izˈdɛpki ˈvɔ̃sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Zbuczyn 22 km (14 mi) east of Siedlce and 108 km (67 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Mikołajówek [mʲikɔwaˈjuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Masaq is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Hoseyn Qoli (Persian: حسينقلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Qolī; also known as Deh Belū) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 22 families.
 Unčani (Serbian Cyrillic: Унчани) is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D47 highway.
 Qavamabad (Persian: قوام اباد‎ also Romanized as Qavāmābād; also known as Ghawam Abad Korbal Qavāmābād-e Korbāl and Qavāmābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 878 in 217 families.
 Khasraj-e Owdeh (Persian: خسرج عوده‎) is a village in Karkheh Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 60 families.
 Potporanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Потпорањ) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Vršac municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(94.21%) and its population numbering 273 people (2002 census).
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Klimontów 27 km (17 mi) west of Sandomierz and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 420.Can find here ski slope with two ways: for beginning and more experienced (480m).
 Agasarahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hosadurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Trnčina (Cyrillic: Трнчина) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Grušča (Cyrillic: Грушча) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Grzybów [ˈɡʐɨbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Staszów and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 228.
 Şirindere is a village in the District of İncirliova Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 251 people.
 Goleniowy [ɡɔlɛˈɲɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Szczekociny 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 76 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has an approximate population of 2000.In Golenowy lived (1660-1700) Wespazjan Kochowski prominent poet.
 Slappeterp is a small village in Menaldumadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 80 citizens (2004).
 Guegue Norte is a town on São Tomé Island in the nation of São Tomé and Príncipe.Guegue Norte has a church and a square (praça).
 Karolewo [karɔˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Krasnosielc 26 km (16 mi) north of Maków Mazowiecki and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Morrin (Persian: مرين‎ also Romanized as Morrīn; also known as Mūrīn and Mūyen) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 9 families.
 Lorsanvar (Persian: لرسانور‎ also Romanized as Lorsānvar) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 84 families.
 Teremiec [tɛˈrɛmjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقراباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād) is a village in Kah Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 76 families.
 Siah Jafar (Persian: سياه جعفر‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Ja‘far) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 49 families.
 Zalesie Kętrzyńskie [zaˈlɛɕɛ kɛnˈtʂɨɲskʲɛ] (German Hinzenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kętrzyn and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Deh-e Esmail (Persian: ده اسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Esmā‘īl) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 39 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Sofla (Persian: محمدابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Soflá; also known as Moḩammadābād Muhammadābād and Nownamadābād) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 43 families.
 Dusze [ˈduʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Khudi Nepal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3212 people living in 664 individual households.
 Iwierzyce [ivjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Iwierzyce. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Ropczyce and 18 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 940.
 Ainalah (Persian: ائينله‎ also Romanized as Ā'īnalah) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 54 families.
 Lasem Cheshmeh (Persian: لاسم چشمه‎ also Romanized as Lāsem Cheshmeh; also known as Lāsem Cheshmeh-ye Bālā Lām Cheshmeh Lasein and Lāsim) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 30 families.
 Periathalai is a village situated in Thoothukudi district Tamil Nadu Southern India. It is located 26 kilometers from Thiruchendur and 60 kilometers from Kanyakumari on the Thiruchendur and Kanyakumari coastal route. With a population of more than 10000 this village is one of the biggest village in south Tamil Nadu. Most of the people of Village are Roman catholic Christians.Earlier it was well known as Thanga Thalai (Golden Village).
 Nowinnik [nɔˈvinnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Narew 16 km (10 mi) north of Hajnówka and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mahrinu (Persian: ماهرينو‎ also Romanized as Māhrīnū; also known as Mārīnū) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Leśnica [lɛɕˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Małogoszcz 22 km (14 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Ługów [ˈwuɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Jastków and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Elistvere is a village in Tabivere Parish Jõgeva County Estonia. It has a population of 44 (as of 1 January 2009).
 Jasenje is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 210 people.
 Piórkowo [pjurˈkɔvɔ] (German: Födersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Płoskinia 17 km (11 mi) south of Braniewo and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Negel (Persian: نگل‎; also known as Nigal Nīgel and Nowgel) is a village in Negel Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1697 in 414 families.
 Krtova (Cyrillic: Кртова) is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Witki [ˈvitki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Aziz Koshteh (Persian: عزيز کشته‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīz Koshteh; also known as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 52 families.
 Laleh Bagh (Persian: لاله باغ‎ also Romanized as Lāleh Bāgh) is a village in Fenderesk-e Shomali Rural District Fenderesk District Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 942 in 230 families.
 Kornelin [kɔrˈnɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Lututów 24 km (15 mi) east of Wieruszów and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mahraman (Persian: محرمان‎ also Romanized as Maḩramān) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 69 families.
 Darreh Ranj (Persian: دره رنج‎ also Romanized as Dareh Ranj) is a village in Darreh Doran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Chotycze-Kolonia [xɔˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Łosice and 122 km (76 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Gornja Stražava is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 768 people.
 Berżniki [bɛrʐˈniki] (Lithuanian: Beržininkai) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sejny and 109 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 320.
 Chenar-e Olya (Persian: چنارعليا‎ also Romanized as Chenār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Chenār and Chenār-e ‘Abbās Khān) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2183 in 528 families.
 Tinekonparou is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located east of Parakou city centre.
 Kalahu (Persian: كلاهو‎ also Romanized as Kalāhū) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 69 families.
 Kamienne [kaˈmʲɛnːɛ] (Ukrainian: Кам'яне Kamyane) village in East Małopolska in the Lesser Beskid mountains. Kamienne about 10 miles from Sanok in south-east Poland. It is situated below the main watershed at the foot of the Słonne Mountain and has an elevation of 340 metres. Situated in the Subcarpathian Voivodship (since 1999) previously in Krosno Voivodship (1975–1998) and Sanok district (10 miles east of Sanok) parish Bukowsko.
 Korenići (Cyrillic: Коренићи) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Guy Bolagh (Persian: گوي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Gūy Bolāgh) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 28 families.
 Jabłonna [jaˈbwɔnna] is a village in Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jabłonna. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Legionowo and 18 km (11 mi) north of Warsaw.The town has two major landmarks: the Jabłonna Palace (Polish: Pałac w Jabłonnie) and the Mother of God Queen of Poland Church (Polish: Kościele Matki Bożej Królowej Polski) which are in the center of the village.
 Cheshmeh Gandu (Persian: چشمه گندو‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gandū) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Knezovljani is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D30 highway.By census 1991 Serbs were majority 171 (96.61%) then Croats 2 (1.12%) Yugoslavs 0 (0%) and others 4 (2.25%).
 Pespes (Persian: پس پس‎ also Romanized as Pespes Paspas and Pas Pas) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 57 families.
 Redzeń Drugi [ˈrɛd͡zɛɲ ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Burzenin 12 km (7 mi) south of Sieradz and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 39.
 Friens is a small village in Boarnsterhim in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 90 citizens.
 Geghavank (Armenian: Գեղավանք also Romanized as Geghavank’) is a village in the community of Geghi Syunik Province Armenia.
 Sreekandamangalam (The City of Shiva) is a hamlet which belongs to the township of Athirampuzha and is located in the Kottayam district Kerala India.
 Emamzadeh Seyyed Nur ol Din Ahmad (Persian: امامزاده سيدنورالدين احمد‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Nūr ol Dīn Aḩmad; also known as Seyyed Nūrāddīn Aḩmad) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bročice is a village in Croatia.
 Młynek [ˈmwɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Przodkowo 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 22 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Siah Dar-e Kohneh (Persian: سياهدر كهنه‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Dar-e Kohneh; also known as Sīāh Dar-e Soflá) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 24 families.
 Gharqab (Persian: غرقاب‎ also Romanized as Gharqāb and Gharqeb; also known as Gharghab and Qarqāb) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 20 families.
 Misión Kilómetro 6 is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Andrespol [anˈdrɛspɔl] is a village in Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Andrespol. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 3367.
 Hisarözü is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 91 people.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Pilawa 8 km (5 mi) north of Garwolin and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Jatusana is a village and block of Rewari district in Haryana. Previously it was known as Jatu-Thana a one of the biggest and powerful Thana (Police Station) of Punjab (Because Haryana was itself in Punjab at that time) during 18th and till Mid 19th Century. Rao Yadavendra Singh Yadav is the current MLA. and is dominated by Yadavs.Jatusana is a city in Jatusana Tehsil in Rewari District of Haryana State India. It belongs to Gurgaon Division .
 Fındıklı is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Jiavan (Persian: جياوان‎ also Romanized as Jīāvān and Jeyāvān; also known as Dzhiavan and Jīāravān) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 47 families.
 Konopki [kɔˈnɔpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Bakałarzewo 19 km (12 mi) west of Suwałki and 110 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gornja Bijenja (Serbian: Горња Бијења) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rutki-Kossaki [ˈrutki kɔsˈsaki] is a village in Zambrów County koszary Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rutki. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1300.
 Tamfula is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2000 people living in 388 individual households.
 Lakesar (Persian: لاكسار‎ also Romanized as Lākesār Lakasar Lāksār and Leaksar) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 146 families.
 Farmaniyeh (Persian: فرمانيه‎ also Romanized as Farmānīyeh) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Alirezavandi (Persian: عليرضاوندي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīreẕāvandī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 43 families.
 Jõuga is a village in Iisaku Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Khiria is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Dzierzgowo [d͡ʑeʐˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dzierzgowo. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of Mława and 108 km (67 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 660.
 Brody Małe [ˈbrɔdɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-east of Płock and 68 km (42 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Sidab is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Tazeh Kand-e Hasel-e Qubi (Persian: تازه كندحاصل قوبي‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Ḩāşel-e Qūbī; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Ḩāşel-e Qūbī-ye Afshār and Tāzeh Kand-e Ḩāşel Qū'ī) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 36 families.
 Bruhagen is the administrative center of Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the east side of the island of Averøya about mid-way between the villages of Bremsnes and Kvernes. Norwegian County Road 64 runs through the village.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Liszna [ˈlʲiʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sławatycze 42 km (26 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sosnowo [sɔsˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sztabin 15 km (9 mi) south of Augustów and 68 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gasanda is a village in the Commune of Bururi in Bururi Province in southern Burundi. It is located southwest of Bururi and the Bururi Forest Reserve is in the area.
 Chichiabad (Persian: چي چي اباد‎ also Romanized as Chīchīābād and Chichīyābād; also known as Chechīābād Chīchakābād and Chīchīkābād) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Rybalnia [rɨˈbalɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Szypliszki 20 km (12 mi) north of Suwałki and 127 km (79 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Katagali is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Trąbczyn Dworski [ˈtrɔmpt͡ʂɨn ˈdvɔrski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Zagórów 18 km (11 mi) south of Słupca and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 20.
 Pain Rostam (Persian: پايين رستم‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Rostam) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 26 families.
 Golasangi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Basavana Bagevadi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Sadek [ˈsadɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłownik within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jodłownik 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Batagalla (7°15'N 80°40'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ana Bolaghi (Persian: انابلاغي‎ also Romanized as Ānā Bolāghī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Anepuram is a village in the Maripeda mandal in Warangal district Andhra Pradesh India.It consists of thandas like 1) Venkata thanda 2)Megya Thanda3)Kudiya Thanda4)Jodha Thanda5)Elimanchala Thanda
 Muruiyeh (Persian: موروئيه‎ also Romanized as Mūrū’īyeh and Mowrū’īyeh; also known as Mūreh) is a village in Khursand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1520 in 330 families.
 Arıköy is a village in the District of Dazkırı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ninh Thuận Bạc Liêu is a commune (xã) and village in Hồng Dân District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Millersburg is a village in Holmes County Ohio in the United States. The population was 3025 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Holmes County.
 Nowbahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Nowbahār and Naubahār) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 36 families.
 Thekkan Kuttur or Tekkan Kuttur is a place in Malappuram district of Kerala in India. Its under Tirur block and Thalakkad village. Around 4000 people are living here. There is a Shiva Temple named Pazhayeadath-Sivakshethram another small temple is also there which named as Puthiyeadath-Kshethram. There are two schools named A.M.L.P.S and G.L.P.S. Most of the peoples of this village depends on farming.
 Ahatlar is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 590 people.
 Sorkhu-e Olya (Persian: سرخوعليا‎ also Romanized as Sorkhū-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Vennalodai is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Velchovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Kolky (Ukrainian: Колки) is a village in Dubrovytsia Raion Rivne Oblast Ukraine. As of the year 2001 the community had 1913 residents. Postal code — 34144. KOATUU code — 5621883401.
 Pash-e Olya (Persian: پش عليا‎ also Romanized as Pash-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bālā Pash and Pash) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 17 families.
 Pidriš is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qalandarabad-e Bala (Persian: قلندرابادبالا‎ also Romanized as Qalandarābād-e Bālā; also known as Qalandarābād) is a village in Soltanali Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 992 in 197 families.
 Hablas (Persian: هابلس‎ also Romanized as Hāblas) is a village in Piran Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 6 families.
 Viyeh (Persian: ويه‎ also Romanized as Vīyeh Veyeh Viāh and Vīyāh; also known as Viakh) is a village in Kalisham Rural District Amarlu District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 272 in 92 families.
 Maheshrabad (Persian: محشراباد‎ also Romanized as Maḥeshrābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Iwięcino [ivjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ] (formerly German Eventin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Sianów 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Koszalin and 148 km (92 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 290.
 Jirmale is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3887 persons living in 716 individual households.
 Ntsaouéni is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 2620.
 Hujqan (Persian: هوجقان‎ also Romanized as Hūjqān; also known as Howchqān and Hūchqān) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1913 in 515 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Derani (Persian: تلمبه دراني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Derānī) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Ubja is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Jangali (Persian: جنگلي‎ also Romanized as Jangalī) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 50 families.
 Kakloor is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Hoseynan (Persian: حسينان‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynān and Ḩoseynān; also known as Ḩoseynīān Hoseynīyān Husain Nūd Husain Nūn and Husinan) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 50 families.
 Rostam Kalateh-ye Sadat (Persian: رستم كلاته سادات‎ also Romanized as Rostam Kalāteh-ye Sādāt; also known as Rostam Kalāteh) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 819 in 200 families.
 Bareqin Khunsorkh (Persian: بارقين خونسرخ‎ also Romanized as Bāreqīn Khūnsorkh; also known as Bāreqīn) is a village in Gachin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 60 families.
 Potpolje (Cyrillic: Потпоље) is a village in the municipality of Čitluk Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowy Harsz [ˈnɔvɨ ˈxarʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Pozezdrze 11 km (7 mi) south of Węgorzewo and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Qeshlaq-e Barandaq (Persian: قشلاق برندق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Barandaq; also known as Qeshlāq) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Palamkole is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.
 Magnuszew Duży [maɡˈnuʂɛf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Szelków 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 69 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Knybawa [knɨˈbava] (German: Kniebau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Tczew and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gołymin-Południe [ɡɔˈwɨmin pɔˈwudɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Ciechanów and 66 km (41 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Calvos is a parish in Portugal in the municipality of Póvoa de Lanhoso. The oldest Oak tree in the Iberian Peninsula is located in Calvos named Calvos Oak (in Portuguese Carvalho de Calvos)[citation needed].
 Bulak is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Laghar (Persian: لاغر‎ also Romanized as Lāghar) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 130 families.
 Jarczechowo [jart͡ʂɛˈxɔvɔ] (German: Jarshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kikół 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Lipno and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Henagahawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jatahare is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5402 people living in 941 individual households.
 Bliżyn [ˈbliʐɨn] is a village in Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bliżyn. It lies on the Kamienna river and Bliżyn Reservoir approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kamarlu (Persian: كمرلو‎ also Romanized as Kamarlū) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 15 families.
 Middleburgh is a village in Schoharie County New York USA. The population was 1398 at the 2000 census.The Village of Middleburgh is in the southwest part of the Town of Middleburgh and is west of Albany.
 Wolkowe [vɔlˈkɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 1000.
 Nowy Adamów [ˈnɔvɨ aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Aleksandrów Łódzki 13 km (8 mi) west of Zgierz and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 140.
 Karbalayi Mehdi Gardeh (Persian: كربلايي مهدي گرده‎ also Romanized as Karbalāyī Mehdī Gardeh) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 16 families.
 Charidaf (Persian: چريدف‎ also Romanized as Charīdaf) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 16 families.
 Kušeši is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qezelqan (Persian: قزلقان‎ also Romanized as Qezelqān and Qeselqān) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 68 families.
 Vernon is a village in Shiawassee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 783 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Vernon Township.
 Baghabar (Persian: باغ ابر‎ also Romanized as Bāghābar) is a village in Lalehzar Rural District Lalehzar District Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1791 in 399 families.
 Dołhobyczów [dɔu̯xɔˈbɨt͡ʂuf] is a village in Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dołhobyczów. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1720.
 Cheryan (Persian: چريان‎ also Romanized as Cheryān Charīān and Charyān; also known as Chīreyān) is a village in Keraj Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2474 in 637 families.
 Kated is a village in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.
 Avalurpet is a village panchayat in Gingee taluk of Villupuram district. It is having a population of 20000 and acts as a junction for Thiruvannamalai and Melmalayanur temple.Avalurpet is the biggest and well developed village panchayat in the radius of about 10 km around it. Avalurpet is known for its weekly market (sandhai in Tamil) on every Wednesdays.
 Vardesku (Persian: وردسكو‎ also Romanized as Vardeskū; also known as Vardeskūn) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khánh Hòa (Vietnamese: Xã Khánh Hòa) is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Châu Phú District of An Giang Province Vietnam. The commune adjoins Châu Đốc to the northwest and lies about 40 kilometres from Long Xuyên.Khánh Hòa commune covers an area of 22.12 square kilometres and according to population census in 1999 has a population of 24486 people.
 Bozcaarmut is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 265 people.
 Smoleń [ˈsmɔlɛɲ] (German: Karlsburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) east of Choszczno (Arnswalde) and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin (Stettin).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Shirabad (Persian: شيراباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrābād) is a village in Sangestan Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 26 families.
 Chenaruiyeh (Persian: چناروئيه‎ also Romanized as Chenārū’īyeh and Chenārūyeh) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 24 families.
 Brożówka [brɔˈʐufka] (German Gansenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Giżycko and 103 km (64 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ullaste is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Droblin [ˈdrɔblin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wodzisław 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kleszczowice [klɛʂt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Wińsko 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Wołów and 48 kilometres (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Al-Tina was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict of Mandatory Palestine. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War on July 8 1948 by the Givati Brigade under Operation An-Far. It was located 20. km south of Ramla.In 1945 the village had a population of 750.
 Sarnikierz [sarˈnikʲɛʂ] (German: Dorotheenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Węgorzyno 20 km (12 mi) south of Łobez and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 33.
 Karabağ is a village in the District of İncirliova Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 408 people.
 Stróże [ˈstruʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zakliczyn 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 630.
 Drzewoszewo [dʐɛvɔˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Mirosławiec 14 km (9 mi) west of Wałcz and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Tolombeh-ye Khodadad (Persian: تلمبه خداداد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Khodādād) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Uyyalawada is a village and a Mandal in Kurnool district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Uyyalawada is located in allagadda constituency of kurnool district of ANDHRA PRADESH. It is nearly 80 km from the district headquarters. It is on the bank of a River Kundu which is a tributary of the Penna River.
 Las Bayas is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Pikutkowo [pikutˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Brześć Kujawski 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 250.
 Qaleh-ye Azodi (Persian: قلعه عضدي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Aẕodī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 11 families.
 Bid-e Kabkan (Persian: بيدكبكان‎ also Romanized as Bīd-e Kabkān and Bīd Kabgān) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Dębniak [ˈdɛmbɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Lubochnia 13 km (8 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wauneta is a village in Chase County Nebraska United States. The population was 577 at the 2010 census. It lies along U.S. Route 6 and Nebraska Highway 61 southeast of the city of Imperial the county seat of Chase County.> Its elevation is 2942 feet (897 m). Wauneta’s ZIP code is 69045.
 Kostrzyn [ˈkɔstʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Wyśmierzyce 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Białobrzegi and 78 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 300.
 Karnachi (Persian: كرناچي‎ also Romanized as Karnāchī; also known as Karnājī) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4644 in 1117 families.
 San Miguel (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Gornji Boganovci (Serbian: Горњи Богановци) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lewiston is a village in Niagara County New York United States. The population was 2701 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Morgan Lewis an early 19th-century governor of New York. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.The Village of Lewiston NY (also known as Yehęwakwáʼthaʼ in Tuscarora) is within the Town of Lewiston. The Earl W. Brydges Artpark State Park lies at its southern border.
 Shahruni (Persian: شهروني‎ also Romanized as Shahrūnī; also known as Shahrūn) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hasteh Kuh (Persian: هسته كوه‎ also Romanized as Hasteh Kūh) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 15 families.
 Babinek [baˈbinɛk] (formerly German Heinrichsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Banie 14 km (9 mi) south of Gryfino and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gontarze [ɡɔnˈtaʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Zbójna 24 km (15 mi) west of Łomża and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tusa Kalleh (Persian: توساكله‎ also Romanized as Tūsā Kalleh) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 464 in 122 families.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘īdābād) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1318 in 327 families.
 Unagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qezeljeh (Persian: قزلجه‎ also Romanized as Qezeljah; also known as Qezeljeh-ye Rūdbār and Qiziljāh) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 588 in 134 families.
 Paraun is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Majdan [ˈmai̯dan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Modliborzyce 8 km (5 mi) west of Janów Lubelski and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kahapathwela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Drzonów ([ˈdʐɔnuf] German: Schlesisch Drehnow Sorbian: Drjenow) is a village in western Poland in the administrative district of Świdnica within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Świdnica and 13 km (8 mi) west of Zielona Góra. The village is home to the Lubusz Military Museum (Polish: Lubuskie Muzeum Wojskowe) housing numerous historical tanks self-propelled anti-tank guns and aeroplanes.
 İnalköy Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ruciany [ruˈt͡ɕanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bielany 11 km (7 mi) south of Sokołów Podlaski and 88 km (55 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Sar Qabrestan-e Olya Shamal (Persian: سر قبرستان عليا شمال‎ also Romanized as Sar Qabrestān-e ‘Olyā Shamāl; also known as Sar Qabrestān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Kuy-e Golestan (Persian: كوي گلستان‎ also Romanized as Kūy-e Golestān) is a village in Jey Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 118 families.
 Khiching is an ancient village in Mayurbhanj District of Orissa India. It is abode of Maa Kichakeswari Devi.Here was built a fabulous temple from Black Stone.Khiching is located about 50 km east of Keonjhargarh city and 27 km west of Karanjia. There are several villages in the vicinity including Sukruli Naupana Kakharupana Salabana Viratagada Kichakagada. Another nearby village is Singida.
 Trojanowice [trɔjanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Żarnów 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kalalam (Persian: كلالم‎ also Romanized as Kalālam) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Biabani-ye Pain (Persian: بياباني پايين‎ also Romanized as Bīābānī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Bīābānī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dehkaram (Persian: ده كرم‎; also known as Shāhkaram and Shāh Karam) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 671 in 159 families.
 Kobiela [kɔˈbjɛla] (German: Kobeln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kiwity 8 km (5 mi) east of Lidzbark Warmiński and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Glinianka [ɡlʲiˈɲaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulanów within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Ulanów 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Nisko and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village last recorded a population of about 600 people.
 Bujnice [bui̯ˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gorzkowice 21 km (13 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mazraeh-ye Khurshidabad (Persian: مزرعه ه خورشيداباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khūrshīdābād) is a village in Palangabad Rural District Palangabad District Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Molla Sara (Persian: ملاسرا‎ also Romanized as Mollā Sarā) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 76 families.
 Surlica is a village in the municipality of Trgovište in southeastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 101 people.
 Polowi (Persian: پلوئي‎ also Romanized as Polow’ī) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jaliwara Khurd or Jaliwada is a village in Rajasthan India. Administratively it is under Nanan gram panchayat Bilara Taluka Jodhpur district Rajastha.It is 8 km by road northeast of Piparcity on the Jodhpur-Merta road. It is on the left (southeast) bank of the Mitri River an intermittent stream and tributary of the Luni River.In 2011 it came into limelight when the nurse Bhanwari Devi was kidnapped there leading to a political scandal.		520
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Trojanovice is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. Trojanovice has an elementary school from the 1st to the 5th grade. Near this village is the mountain Radhošť with a statue of Radegast by Albín Polášek. Between 1850 and 1900 almost 500 inhabitants of Trojanovice moved abroad especially to Texas; their descendants live especially in Fayetteville Weimar Hostyn Dubina or nearby.
 Talkhab (Persian: تلخاب‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Volno is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Charmeh (Persian: چرمه‎ also Romanized as Chūrmeh) is a village in Jirestan Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 17 families.
 Sheykh Jasem (Persian: شيخ جاسم‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Jāsem; also known as Beyt-e Jāsem and Sādāt Fāz̧el-e Yek) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 674 in 108 families.
 Bargeleh (Persian: برگله‎ also Romanized as Bar Galleh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Karkhaneh-ye Qand (Persian: كارخانه قند‎ also Romanized as Kārkhāneh-ye Qand) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Samokovo is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 61 people.
 Tropie [ˈtrɔpʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek nad Dunajcem within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north of Nowy Sącz and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 Salehan (Persian: صالحان‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩān; also known as Salhūn and Sālihūn) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 127 families.
 Kovanica is a village in the municipality of Ćuprija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 190.
 Kabutardan (Persian: كبوتردان‎ also Romanized as Kabūtardān) is a village in Shalil Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Miodusy-Stok [mjɔˈdusɨ ˈstɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kalangi (Persian: كلنگي‎ also Romanized as Kalangī and Kelengī) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 15 families.
 Ilıca is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 236 people.
 Nowruzi (Persian: نوروزي‎ also Romanized as Nowrūzī) is a village in Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 729 in 202 families.
 Rychtyn [ˈrɨxtɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Jeleniewo 14 km (9 mi) north of Suwałki and 121 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Warszewice [varʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Stryków 14 km (9 mi) east of Zgierz and 14 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 170.
 Hajjiabad-e Arabha (Persian: حاج ابادعربها‎ also Romanized as Hājjīābād-e ‘Arabha; also known as Hājīābād-e ‘Arab Ḩājjīābād and Hājīābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 53 families.
 Bard-e Pahn Abdol Latif (Persian: بردپهن عبداللطيف‎ also Romanized as Bard-e Pahn ʿAbdol Laṭīf; also known as Bard-e Pahn Bard Pahnī and Sang-e Pahn) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 8 families 6.1 people per family.
 Qorban Kandi (Persian: قربان كندي‎ also Romanized as Qorbān Kandī) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 398 in 116 families.
 Thathanur (East) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Canbazlı is a village in Mersin Province Turkey.
 Metslõugu is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Bellad Bagewadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hukeri taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Suurupi is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 756 (as of 1 June 2010).
 Osowy Grąd [ɔˈsɔvɨ ˈɡrɔnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Augustów and 75 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Darvishabad (Persian: درويش اباد‎ also Romanized as Darvīshābād and Dervīshābād) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 30 families.
 Jughan (Persian: جوغن‎ also Romanized as Jūghan; also known as Jūqan) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 17 families.
 Ladorudzek [ladɔˈrud͡zɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Grzegorzew 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Koło and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Moja Wola [ˈmɔja ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Roszkowo [rɔʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Skoki 12 km (7 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 111.
 Trzebownisko [tʂɛbɔvˈniskɔ] is a village in Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Trzebownisko. It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3082.
 Yamkhya is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 persons living in 563 individual households.
 Siemiwołoki [ɕemivɔˈwɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Jabuka (Serbian: Јабука) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Czółnów [ˈt͡ʂuu̯nuf] (German: Zollen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Lewinko [lɛˈvinkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Linia 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 125.
 Khairapur is a town in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6568 and had 1192 houses in the town.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodowice within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Włodowice 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Bieńki-Skrzekoty [ˈbjɛɲki skʂɛˈkɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Żabienko [ʐaˈbjɛŋkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Sadrabad (Persian: صدراباد‎ also Romanized as Şadrābād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 72 families.
 Ruchenka [ruˈxɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Węgrów and 76 km (47 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Wilcza Wola [ˈvilt͡ʂa ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzikowiec within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Kolbuszowa and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 2000.
 Tiab (Persian: تياب‎ also Romanized as Tīāb) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 71 families.
 Umm al-Faraj (Arabic: أم الفرج‎ known to the Crusaders as La Fierge) was a Palestinian village depopulated in 1948.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād; also known as Ḩājjīābād-e Kohneh) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 8 families.
 Popsiküla is a village in Vastse-Kuuste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Urkionys is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 129 people.
 Bystre-Chrzany [ˈbɨstrɛ ˈxʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dimbulgahakotuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Aviz Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 685 in 145 families.
 Rahdar-e Sofla (Persian: راهدارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Rāhdār-e Soflá) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 27 families.
 Sar Rash (Persian: سررش‎; also known as Sar Rashīl and Sar Rīsh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 17 families.
 Podzamcze [pɔˈd͡zamt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Bychawa and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Heerapur Gokal is a panchayat near Afzalgarh in Bijnor District in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is located at the border with the state of Uttrakhand.
 Modrzewie [mɔˈdʐɛvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The village of Bidnija is situated on a rural hamlet in the central northern part of Malta and home to 308 people (by 2008) which means that it is the second smallest village in the Maltese islands after Mdina (306 people). Bidnija is a tiny village even by Maltese standards and is located between two main valleys which are 'Wied Qannotta' and 'Wied Tal-Pwales' that extends into other small valleys surrounding the area.
 Dalj (Hungarian: Dálya Serbian Cyrillic: Даљ) is a village on the Danube in eastern Croatia near the confluence of the Drava and Danube on the border with Serbia. It is connected with the D519 highway and administratively located in the municipality of Erdut Osijek-Baranja County.During the Croatian War of Independence the village became the site of the Dalj massacre—killing of 39 prisoners of war in August 1991.
 Chamanabad (Persian: چمن اباد‎ also Romanized as Chamanābād) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District Salami District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1561 in 408 families.
 Śliwkowo [ɕlifˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Waganiec 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Sarab-e Ahmadvand (Persian: سراب احمدوند‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Aḩmadvand; also known as Gachīneh Gajīneh and Machīneh) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 671 in 143 families.
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.It is located on route 776. Its name means 'habitat'.
 Jibjibe is a village development committee (VDC) in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4944.
 Kızık is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Mościska [mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Korycin [kɔˈrɨt͡ɕin] is a village in Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Korycin. It lies approximately 39 kilometres (24 mi) west of Sokółka and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 530.
 Hak-e Sofla (Persian: حك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩak-e Soflá and Ḩakk-e Soflá; also known as Ḩak-e Pā’īn and Ḩakk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 449 in 125 families.
 Sosnówka [sɔsˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wąbrzeźno and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Stróże Wielkie [ˈstruʐɛ ˈvʲɛlkʲɛ] (Ukrainian: Сторожі Великі Storozhni Velyki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sanok and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 86.
 Stary Głuchów [ˈstarɨ ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Raków and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 153.
 Qahreman Kandi (Persian: قهرمان كندي‎ also Romanized as Qahremān Kandī; also known as Shāh Bandehlū) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 37 families.
 Biverch (Persian: بيورچ‎ also Romanized as Bīverch) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 107 families.
 Zarrin (Persian: زرين‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łosienek [wɔˈɕɛnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Piekoszów and 18 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 540.
 Dzbańce [ˈd͡zbaɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Branice 13 km (8 mi) south of Głubczyce and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 51.
 Birkoor is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It has a population of 47647 people.
 Peinhnegon is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Çaltıbükü is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the valley of Dragon creek. The distance to Anamur is 16 kilometres (9.9 mi). The population of Çaltıbükü is 163 as of 2011. It is planned that a part of the village (along with Akine Sarıağaç and Ormancık) will be submerged in Alaköprü Dam reservoir.
 Akbarabad-e Qushchi (Persian: اكبرابادقوشچي‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Qūshchī; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 11 families.
 Radevce is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 493 people.
 Frederiks Haab is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Tolombeh-ye Hoseynabad (Persian: تلمبه حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Akbar Sadeqi (Persian: تلمبه اكبرصادقي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ākbar Şādeqī) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District Now Bandegan District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 9 families.
 Gushkhani (Persian: گوشخاني‎ also Romanized as Gūshkhānī; also known as Goshkhāneh and Qoshkhāneh) is a village in Razab Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1107 in 289 families.
 Galagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Yunesabad (Persian: يونس اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūnesābād) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 As Suwadah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Blommenholm is a district in the municipality of Bærum Norway. Its population (2007) is 2936.It is served by the train station Blommenholm on the Drammen Line.
 Sinchidaing is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Bohregh (Persian: بهرغ‎ also Romanized as Bohrogh; also known as Behrogh-e Takht and Bohregh-e Takht) is a village in Takht Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 36 families.
 Ratninda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hacıbeyli is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Otmianowo [ɔtmjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) south of Włocławek and 75 km (47 mi) south of Toruń.
 Razgojna is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 904 people.
 Dominice [dɔmiˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Włoszakowice 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Leszno and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cumhuriyet is a village in the District of Çay Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.The village was founded in 1924 after the Population exchange between Greece and Turkey. The original residents of the village are Turkish people from Thessaloniki Greece. The present population of the village is 197.
 Alam Kandi (Persian: علم كندي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alam Kandī) is a village in Oryad Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 630 in 123 families.
 Rejmanka [rɛi̯ˈmanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 126 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Borówko [bɔˈrufkɔ] (German: Schönwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Łęczyce 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Chlebowo [xlɛˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Ryczywół 12 km (7 mi) north of Oborniki and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gölcük is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 121 people.
 Nowy Lubosz [ˈnɔvɨ ˈlubɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kościan and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 926.
 Bahçesaray is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Parasuvaikkal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India. Parasuvaikkal has two Hindu temples namely parasuvaikkal major sree bhagavathy temple governed by Travancore Devaswom Boardand Ponnamkulam Devi Kshethram.Goddess Durga is the main deity worshipped here.A mosque and number of churches are there.Educational institutions are very few in number.BFM residential school and a few government schools are there.
 Jowriz (Persian: جوريز‎ also Romanized as Jowrīz; also known as Chow Rīz and Chowrīz) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Qaleh-ye Morgh (Persian: قلعه مرغ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Morgh and Qalehmorgh) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kafeh (Persian: كفه‎) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 16 families.
 Coronel Hilario Lagos is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
 Emamzadeh Khatun (Persian: امامزاده خاتون‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Khātūn; also known as Paridar Abolhasan Parī Dar Abū ol Ḩasan Parīdar-e Abow hasan and Parī Dar-e Abū ol Ḩasan) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 71 families.
 Havarabid (Persian: هوارابيد‎ also Romanized as Havārābīd; also known as Havārbī) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 30 families.
 Mabad (Persian: معبد‎ also Romanized as Ma‘bad) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Pir Mishan (Persian: پيرميشان‎ also Romanized as Pīr Mīshān; also known as Pīr Meshān and Pirmashān) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 27 families.
 Ipota is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Takyeh (Persian: تكيه‎ also Romanized as Tekyeh; also known as Takia) is a village in Esfandan Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 19 families.
 Čukljenik is a village situated in Niška Banja municipality in Serbia.
 Wolnica [vɔlˈnit͡sa] (German Freimarkt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lubomino 17 km (11 mi) west of Lidzbark Warmiński and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Julinek [juˈlinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Leszno 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 29 km (18 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Słupowo [swuˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sicienko and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 200.
 Białe Jeziorki [ˈbjawɛ jɛˈʑɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dubeninki 17 km (11 mi) east of Gołdap and 145 km (90 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 45.
 Tokar is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Piorunówek [pjɔruˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzierady within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wodzierady 20 km (12 mi) north of Łask and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Çaylı is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Dovhyĭ Voĭnyliv (Ukrainian: Довґий Войнилів Polish: Dołha Wojniłowska) is a village in Kaluskyi Raion Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast Ukraine. Before World War II the village was part of Kałusz county in Stanisławów Voivodship Second Republic of Poland.
 Saunechaur is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2255 persons living in 406 individual households.
 Sucha [ˈsuxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sulęczyno 33 km (21 mi) west of Kartuzy and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Tanecznica [tanɛt͡ʂˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Piaski 5 km (3 mi) south-east of Gostyń and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Trzydnik Duży [ˈtʂɨdnik ˈduʐɨ] is a village in Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Trzydnik Duży. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Çeşmeköy is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Zeytinada is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Neyab (Persian: نياب‎ also Romanized as Neyāb Naiāb Nīāb and Niyab) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 24 families.
 Radnovac is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the Jakšić municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 220. The village is connected by the D51 state road.Population of the village 1857.-2001.Note: First record of village named Radnovac in 1931.↑ ↑
 Azadan (Persian: ازادان‎ also Romanized as Āzādān) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karanj (Persian: كارنج‎ also Romanized as Kāranj and Kārenj) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 7 families.
 Sokouno is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located south-east of Parakou city centre on the RNIE 6 road.
 Chuzhali is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.The name of the village Chuzhali gradually became from the name of Chuzhali Bhagavathi Actually this village was under the dynasty of Chuzhali Nambiars . In ancient times it was under Chuzhali Swaroopam and the boundary was till Koorgu in Karnataka. Karakkattedam was heading the Chuzhali Swaroopam having control over all other edams and vast ares of land.
 Mashhadi Mirza Kandi (Persian: مشهدي ميرزاكندي‎ also Romanized as Mashhadī Mīrzā Kandī; also known as Mīrzā Kandī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 836 in 194 families.
 sours = business mostly people working gulf countryinformation by = M.S.HABEEB ADDUR Addur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Valeh (Persian: وله‎) is a village in Nesa Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 76 families.
 Misión Nueva Pompeya is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Minudasht (Persian: مينودشت ‎ also Romanized as Mīnūdasht; also known as Leylan Leylīān Līlān Līlīan (Persian: ليليان) and Līrīan) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 782 in 193 families.
 Hipolity [xipɔˈlitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lututów 24 km (15 mi) east of Wieruszów and 84 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ainselu Kharka is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3617 persons living in 676 individual households.
 Dowrahan (Persian: دوراهان‎ also Romanized as Dowrāhān and Dorāhān; also known as Dow Rahūn and Durāhūn) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District Gandoman District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 829 in 215 families.
 Chotýšany is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Łąkie [ˈwɔnkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Rakoniewice 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 710.
 Latvade is a village located 3 km from Peth Vadgaon. Taluka is Hatkanangale in Kolhapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.According to provisional results of 2011 census the population of Latvade is 5555 with 2867 males and 2688 females. There are 1081 households.
 Noshur-e Olya (Persian: نشورعليا‎ also Romanized as Noshūr-e ‘Olyā; also known as Nāshūr Noshūr Nowshūr and Nushur) is a village in Avalan Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 28 families.
 Vee Estonia is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Wólka Karwicka [ˈvulka karˈvit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Opoczno and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bonkuy-e Jafari (Persian: بنكوي جعفري‎ also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Ja‘farī) is a village in Korbal Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 74 families.
 Jowr Gavaber (Persian: جورگوابر‎ also Romanized as Jowr Gavāber) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gerakeh (Persian: گراكه‎ also Romanized as Gerākeh; also known as Gerāgeh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 815 in 228 families.
 Nersu (Persian: نرسو‎ also Romanized as Nersū) is a village in Estarabad Rural District Kamalan District Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 10 families.
 Bierwiecka Wola [bjɛrˈvjɛt͡ska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Jedlińsk 17 km (11 mi) north of Radom and 76 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Cazenovia is a village in Richland and Sauk Counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 318 at the 2010 census. Of this 314 were in Richland County and only 4 were in Sauk County.
 Naserabad (Persian: ناصر آباد‎ also Romanized as Nāşerābād and Naşerābād; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 50 families.
 Gamghol-e Bala (Persian: گامغل بالا‎ also Romanized as Gāmghol-e Bālā) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sefid Holum (Persian: سفيدهلوم‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Holūm) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qadamabad (Persian: قدم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qadamābād; also known as Qadīmābād) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 40 families.
 Karlık is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Miedzianowo [mjɛd͡ʑaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dąbrowa Białostocka 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Sarajeh (Persian: سراجه‎ also Romanized as Sarājeh) is a village in Qanavat Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 89 families.
 Stasin [ˈstaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Paprotnia 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 98 km (61 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Zaborowo [zabɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Stawiski 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Kolno and 75 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 98.
 Szkarada [ʂkaˈrada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sanniki 31 km (19 mi) east of Gostynin and 77 km (48 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Wierzchowiska Drugie [vjɛʂxɔˈviska ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Janów Lubelski and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Örencik is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 336 people.
 Kiduspe is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Kujawy [kuˈjavɨ] German Kujau is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki (Gemeinde Klein Strehlitz) within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). Since 2006 the village like the entire commune has been bilingual in German and Polish.The village has a population of 700 people.
 Kivarkuh (Persian: كيواركوه‎ also Romanized as Kīvarkūh; also known as Kīvarkū) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Słomków [ˈswɔmkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Maków 10 km (6 mi) west of Skierniewice and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 660.
 Varoš is a village in the municipality of Ražanj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 360 people.
 Zastawie [zasˈtavjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Wąsewo 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 86 km (53 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Sokół [ˈsɔkuu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Grębów 11 km (7 mi) east of Tarnobrzeg and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Piersno [ˈpjɛrsnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kostomłoty 8 km (5 mi) south of Środa Śląska and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 500.
 Jäätma is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Amjadiyeh-ye Pain (Persian: امجديه پائين‎ also Romanized as Amjadīyeh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Amjadīyeh) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 15 families.
 Beldari is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2836 persons living in 466 individual households.
 Amiran-e Olya (Persian: اميران عليا‎ also Romanized as Amīrān-e ‘Olyā and Amīrān ‘Olyā; also known as Amīrān and Amīrān-e Bālā) is a village in Falard Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 15 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Maharlu Rural District Kuhenjan District Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 596 in 134 families.
 Akören is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Palanglu (Persian: پلنگلو‎ also Romanized as Palanglū) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 789 in 131 families.
 Chakhmaq (Persian: چخماق‎ also Romanized as Chakhmāq; also known as Chakmak and Chaqmāq) is a village in Soleyman Rural District Soleyman District Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2065 in 482 families.
 Kuninga Pärnu County is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Nowe Paprockie Holendry [ˈnɔvɛ paˈprɔt͡skʲɛ xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Deir El Aachayer (Arabic: ديرالعشاير.‎) is a village north of Rashaya in the Rashaya District and south of the Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon.The municipality is located on the border frontier of the Kaza of Rashaya one of eight mohafazats (governorates). It sits at a height of 1250 metres (4100 ft) above sea level an its surface area covers 2563 hectares (9.90 sq mi) hectares. The registered population of the village is around 500 predominantly Druze.
 Kikuh (Persian: كي كوه‎ also Romanized as Kīkūh; also known as Kīkū) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 26 families.
 Stępin [ˈstɛmpin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Długołęka and 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 380.
 Nowa Wieś-Śladów [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈɕladuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gav Sefid-e Kuchek (Persian: گاوسفيدكوچك‎ also Romanized as Gāv Sefīd-e Kūchek Gāv Safīd-e Kūchak and Gav Sefid Koochak) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District Rig District Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 20 families.
 Şevketiye is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 271 people.
 Qaleh Hamud (Persian: قلعه حمود‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Ḩamūd and Qal‘eh-ye Hamūd; also known as Kūt-e Ḩamīd Kūt Hamud Qal‘eh Ḩamīd and Qal‘eh-ye Ḩamīd) is a village in Jayezan Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1016 in 235 families.
 Melapattu (Tamil: மேலப்பட்டு ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Chupankareh (Persian: چوپانكره‎ also Romanized as Chūpānkareh; also known as Chūbānkareh) is a village in Dizajrud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 67 families.
 Saqandin Kola (Persian: سقندين كلا‎ also Romanized as Saqandīn Kolā; also known as Saqandī Kolā Soqondī Kalā Soqondī Kolā and Sugundun) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 95 families.
 Polskowola [pɔlskɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąkolewnica Wschodnia within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 900.
 Leśnica [lɛɕˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszów within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Stryszów 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Wadowice and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Mowtowr-e Ali Amiri (Persian: موتورعلي اميري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlī Amīrī) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Elyasvand-e Sofla (Persian: الياسوندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Elyāsvand-e Soflá; also known as Elyāsvand-e Pā'īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 53 families.
 Chołowice [xɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasiczyn within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Przemyśl and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Wieszczyce [vjɛʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kęsowo 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Tuchola and 50 km (31 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 320.
 Laryszów [laˈrɨʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Zbrosławice 7 km (4 mi) west of Tarnowskie Góry and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 446.
 Bagh Mahalleh (Persian: باغ محله‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Maḩalleh) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 54 families.
 Thazhekode is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Stoychovts is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Studenci (Ljubuški) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 Jafarbagi-ye Olya (Persian: جافربيگي عليا‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farbagī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 20 families.
 Asmaca is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Pacółtowo [pat͡suu̯ˈtɔvɔ] (German: Groß Pötzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Gierzwałd (the gmina seat) 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Ostróda and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 220.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 5 families.
 Loryniec [lɔˈrɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 172.
 Nierostowo [ɲerɔsˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Konarzyny 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Chojnice and 98 km (61 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 77.
 Żabiec [ˈʐabjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pacanów 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 439.
 Mszczyczyn [ˈmʂt͡ʂɨt͡ʂɨn] (German: Wiesenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dolsk 17 km (11 mi) south of Śrem and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 350.
 Witkowo [vitˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wielgie 10 km (6 mi) south of Lipno and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Khorram Daraq (Persian: خرمدرق‎ also known as Khorram Darreh Khurem-Dara and Khurram Darreh) is a village in Guzal Darreh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 892 in 233 families.
 Dzhigurovo is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Zarębów [zaˈrɛmbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Żychlin 23 km (14 mi) east of Kutno and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shurak-e Bala (Persian: شورك بالا‎ also Romanized as Shūrak-e Bālā; also known as Shūrak Shūrek and Shūrīk) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 47 families.
 Lehqorbani-ye Olya (Persian: له قرباني عليا‎ also Romanized as Lehqorbānī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 20 families.
 Książnice Małe [kɕɔ̃ʐˈnit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszyce within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Koszyce 17 km (11 mi) east of Proszowice and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Takht-e Chaman (Persian: تختچمن‎) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 29 families.
 Borazjan (Persian: برازجان‎ also Romanized as Borāzjān; also known as Qal‘eh Bārāzjun and Qal‘eh-ye Borāzjān) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 39 families.
 Dolovo is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 465 people.
 Sango (former official name: Vila Salazar) is a village in Masvingo Province Zimbabwe on the Mozambique border. The village supports the border post lying at the southern end of the Gonarezhou National Park.The town on the Mozmbique side of the border is Chicualacuala.
 Tahtan (Persian: تهتان‎ also Romanized as Tahtān) is a village in Karian Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 18 families.
 Glesno [ˈɡlɛsnɔ] (German: Glesno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wyrzysk 40 km (25 mi) east of Piła and 91 km (57 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 600.
 Par Ahu (Persian: پراهو‎ also Romanized as Par Āhū) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Strupczewo Duże [strupˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Brudzeń Duży 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Płock and 115 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 New London is a village in Huron County Ohio United States. The population was 2461 at the 2010 census.The village motto The Right Place at the Right Time was chosen in the late twentieth century by former Mayor Dorothy Sholes.New London has been designated Tree City USA by the National Arbor Day Foundation.
 Harshaguda is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal.
 Chah-e Sherkat-e Yazd Kajaveh (Persian: چاه شركت يزد كجاوه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Sherkat-e Yazd Kajāveh) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wanaty [vaˈnatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienica Polska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Częstochowa and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 667.
 Farahabad (Persian: فرح آباد‎ also Romanized as Faraḩābād; also known as Shīlāt-e Faraḩābād) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2027 in 570 families.
 Dziurków [ˈd͡ʑurkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Solec nad Wisłą 5 km (3 mi) east of Lipsko and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Petkovica is a village in the municipality of Šabac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 967 people.
 Maleszowa [malɛˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Pierzchnica and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 350.
 For rivers called Słucz in Polish see Sluch River (Ukraine) and Sluch River (Belarus).Słucz [swut͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Radziłów 26 km (16 mi) south of Grajewo and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 580.
 Mazraeh-ye Aqerk (Persian: مزرعه عقرک‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ʿAqerk) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Długie [ˈdwuɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarszyn within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zarszyn 13 km (8 mi) west of Sanok and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2600.
 Koyunlu Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Dębinka [dɛmˈbinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Miłomłyn 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Chah-e Vagazari-ye Shomareh-ye Chahar (Persian: چاه واگذاري شماره 4‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Vāgaz̄ārī-ye Shomāreh-ye Chahar; also known as Chāh-e Chahārom) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 53 families.
 Kamsar (Persian: كمسر‎ also Romanized as Kamsār and Komsār; also known as Komsara Kūchak Komsār and Kūmsār) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 67 families.
 Toomika is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Guémoukouraba is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes 5 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 10094.
 Shor Shoreh (Persian: شرشره‎ also known as Shūr Shūr Qal‘eh Shū Shūr Qal‘eh-ye Shūr Shūr and Shor Shor) is a village in Zhan Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 22 families.
 Agarahara is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tiptur taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Snezha Burgas Province is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Wadner is a village located in the Malkapur tehsil of Buldhana district in Amravati division of Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state in India.Computer Education:Adarsh Computer WadnerAs of 2001 India census Wadner had a population of 2288.It is located on National Highway 6 running between Hazira (near Surat) in Gujarat to Kolkota West Bengal
 Miklesz [ˈmiklɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Złoczew 23 km (14 mi) south of Sieradz and 71 km (44 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hólar (Hólar í Hjaltadal) is a small community located in the Skagafjörður district and situated in northern Iceland.
 Kalateh-ye Mohammad Reza Khan (Persian: كلاته محمدرضاخان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Moḩammad Reẕā Khān; also known as Moḩammad Reẕā Khān) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 80 families.
 Cibory-Krupy [t͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ ˈkrupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kulna is a village in Keila Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.Kulna has a station on the Elektriraudtee western route.
 Mechnice [mɛxˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępno within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kępno and 142 km (88 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Anasagaram is a village in the Krishna district of the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is part of the mandal of Nandigama.
 Bar Chamun (Persian: برچامون‎ also Romanized as Bar Chāmūn) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Korablew [kɔˈrablɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rusiec 24 km (15 mi) west of Bełchatów and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nejatabad (Persian: نجات اباد‎ also Romanized as Nejātābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 86 families.
 Józin [ˈjuʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Yên Mỹ is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Dzióbin [ˈd͡ʑubin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Latesht (Persian: لتشت‎) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gornja Breza (Serbian: Горња Бреза) is a village in the municipality of Breza Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wielgie [ˈvjɛlɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Zbójno 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 34 km (21 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 478.
 Czerna [ˈt͡ʂɛrna] (German: Alteichen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Żukowice 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Głogów and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bulkowo [bulˈkɔvɔ] is a village in Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bulkowo. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) east of Płock and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Nask (Persian: نسك‎) is a village in Keshit Rural District Golbaf District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 81 families.
 Qameshlu (Persian: قمشلو‎ also Romanized as Qameshlū; also known as Gomeshlū Gowmeshlū Kūkūshlu Kūshgūnlū Kushkunu Kūshlū and Qīmishlu) is a village in Aq Bolagh Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 12 families.
 Zaręby-Kromki [zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈkrɔmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Alanson (/əˈlæn.sən/ ə-LAN-sən) is a village in Emmet County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 738 at the 2010 census.Alanson is in Littlefield Township on U.S. Highway 31 at the junction with M-68. Petoskey is about 12 miles (19 km) southwest on US 31 and Mackinaw City and the Mackinac Bridge are about 25 miles (40 km) north. Interstate 75 is about 11 miles (18 km) to the east on M-68 at Indian River. Alanson was first settled in 1875.
 Uniejów-Parcela [uˈɲɛjuf parˈt͡sɛla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Charsznica 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Miechów and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 130.
 Sierakowizna [ɕerakɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Char Khanam is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Kellamäe Saare County is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Gelan Daraq-e Sofla (Persian: گلندرق سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gelan Daraq-e Soflá; also known as Kolandaraq-e Pā’īn and Kūlān Daraq-e Pā’īn) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Horeh-ye Agul-e Bala (Persian: هوره عاگول بالا‎ also Romanized as Horeh-ye ʿĀgūl-e Bālā) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 696 in 117 families.
 Chal (Persian: چال‎ also Romanized as Chāl; also known as Chāi and Chay) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Shaab Jereh Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 115 families.
 Cieszkowy [t͡ɕeʂˈkɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Czarnocin 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 250.
 Esmail Ali (Persian: اسماعيل علي‎ also Romanized as Esmāʿīl ʿAlī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 29 families.
 Chah Shur-e Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: چاه شورشماره 2‎ also Romanized as Chāh Shūr-e Shomāreh-ye Do; also known as Chāh-e Shūr-e Bālā) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 91 families.
 Kopań [ˈkɔpaɲ] (formerly German Kopahn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Darłowo 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Sławno and 168 km (104 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 132.
 Orzelec Mały [ɔˈʐɛlɛt͡s ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Łubnice 17 km (11 mi) south of Staszów and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 97.
 Alden is a village in Erie County New York USA. The population was 2605 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.The Village of Alden lies within the Town of Alden. The village is centrally located in the town. Its principal street is Broadway (US Route 20).
 Sarab-e Zehab (Persian: سراب ذهاب‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Z̄ehāb) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 56 families.
 Łosie [ˈwɔɕe] (Ukrainian: Лося Losia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ropa within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Ropa 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Gorlice and 99 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 770.
 Mazraeh-ye Akbar Borhani (Persian: مزرعه اكبربرهاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Akbar Borhānī) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District Poshtkuh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Jaśkowice [jaɕkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Skawina and 22 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Aleksandrowo [alɛksanˈdrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Donji Bučumet is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 186 people.
 Yengiabad (Persian: ينگي اباد‎ also Romanized as Yengīābād) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 774 in 182 families.
 Mirkovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Řepiště (Polish: Rzepiszcze) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 1618 (2006). The village lies in the historical region of Těšín Silesia. There is a wooden church of Saint Archangel Michael in the village.
 T. Naidu Palem (Telugu: తూర్పు నాయుడు పాలెం) (TNP) in its full form is known as Turpu Naidu Palem turpu in Telugu meaning East. It is a small village located in Tangutur Mandal Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. T Naidu palem is located near the bay of Bengal coast. Ethamukkala beach is just 10 km from this village. Adjacent to the village is an Indian Oil Corporation refinery station.
 Askvoll is the administrative centre of Askvoll Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the western coast of the mainland just north of the mouth of the Dalsfjorden in the Sunnfjord region of the county. The village lies about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of the village of Holmedal and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the village of Stongfjorden.
 Wysocko [vɨˈsɔt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Złotoryja and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Shamboor (Shambur)(Tulu/Konkani/Kannada -ಶ೦ಭೂರು): is a village in Bantwal Taluk Dakshina Kannada district Karnataka India. It is located 5 km from a small city called Pane mangalore to the East
 Pećinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Пећинци pronounced [pětɕiːntsi]) is a village and municipality in Srem District of Vojvodina Serbia. The village has a population of 2571 while Pećinci municipality has 19675 inhabitants.
 Topolovnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Тополовник) is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradište Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1098 people.
 Żuki [ˈʐukʲi] (Ukrainian: Жуки Zhuky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Vågstranda is a village along the Romsdalsfjorden in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located along the European route E136 highway about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the village of Voll and 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) east of the village of Vikebukt (in Vestnes Municipality). Vågstranda Church built in 1870 is located in the village.
 Chiyyaram is a place lies in the outskirts of Thrissur City of Kerala South India. Chiyyaram is famous for Gold workers.The Vijayamatha Church stands as a symbol of unity among the natives which enabled its planning implementation and construction so fast as if blessed without any obstruction. Chiyyaram also has famous Hindu temples Karamukku Temple ( Pooram from this temple also participates in famous Thrissur pooram.
 Czułów [ˈt͡ʂuwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liszki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Liszki and 18 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1119.
 Perumbur IInd Sethi is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Jambuvanodai is a village in Thiruthiraipoondi taluk Thiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India near Muthupet. There is a lagoon nearby.
 Keya Kola (Persian: كياكلا‎ also Romanized as Keyā Kolā) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 22 families.
 Lopardince is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 825 people.
 Przebród [ˈpʂɛbrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Suwałki and 110 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kizhakkummuri is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Łajsce [ˈwai̯st͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Tarnowiec 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Jasło and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 195.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kamień Krajeński 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 790.
 Dobre [ˈdɔbrɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Rypin and 47 km (29 mi) east of Toruń.
 Seh Darreh (Persian: سه دره‎; also known as Seh Darreh’ī) is a village in Rabor Rural District in the Central District of Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Snyagovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Bapira (Persian: باپيرا‎ also Romanized as Bāpīrā) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 22 families.
 Bomba (Arabic: البمبة‎) is a village in eastern Libya on the Gulf of Bomba. It is located 61 km (38 mi) south of Derna.Greek historian Herodotus said that Cyrene was founded in mid-7th century BC when a group of Greek immigrants from Thera landed at the Gulf of Bomba and stayed there for years then they moved to place of Cyrene and then founded it.
 Čizmići is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tolombeh-ye Darudi (Persian: تلمبه درودي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Darūdī) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Komjáti is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Petrovići (Cyrillic: Петровићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bidarashan (Persian: بيدرشان‎ also Romanized as Bīdarashān; also known as Berashān) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 30 families.
 Do Tappeh-ye Olya (Persian: دوتپه عليا‎ also Romanized as Do Tappeh-ye ‘Olyā and Do Tappeh ‘Olyā; also known as Do Tappeh-ye Bālā Do Tappeh Bālā Dow Tappeh Bālā and Panehduz) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 54 families.
 Kalleh Jub (Persian: كله جوب‎ also Romanized as Kalleh Jūb; also known as Kalleh Chūb) is a village in Sumar Rural District Sumar District Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Nargestan-e Alishah (Persian: نرگستان عليشاه‎ also Romanized as Nargestān-e ʿAlīshāh) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Sobolice [sɔbɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytom Odrzański within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bytom Odrzański 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Nowa Sól and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Guzów [ˈɡuzuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasień within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Jasień 15 km (9 mi) north of Żary and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Yahmureh-ye Do (Persian: يحموره دو‎ also Romanized as Yaḩmūreh-ye Do) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 24 families.
 Kezi (Persian: كزي‎ also Romanized as Kezī; also known as Kezeh) is a village in Zamkan Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 35 families.
 Mazagran is a French village part of the municipality (commune) of Tourcelles-Chaumont in the department of Ardennes Champagne-Ardenne.
 Choqa Mahi (Persian: چقاماهي‎ also Romanized as Choqā Māhī) is a village in Nabovat Rural District in the Central District of Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 23 families.
 Darbid-e Olya (Persian: داربيد عليا‎ also Romanized as Dārbīd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dārbīd-e Bālā) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 58 families.
 Narty [ˈnartɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qanbarabad (Persian: قنبراباد‎ also Romanized as Qanbarābād) is a village in Koleyn Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 20 families.
 Arbab Kandi (Persian: ارباب كندي‎ also Romanized as Arbāb Kandī; also known as Arbāb Arva Arveh Avra and Evreh) is a village in Naqdi Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 903 in 209 families.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Smętowo Graniczne 32 km (20 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Roszki-Chrzczony [ˈrɔʂki ˈxʂt͡ʂɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Drzeńsko [ˈdʐɛɲskɔ] (formerly German Drenzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Malechowo 15 km (9 mi) south of Sławno and 164 km (102 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Gari-ye Bala (Persian: گري بالا‎ also Romanized as Garī-ye Bālā; also known as Garī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 21 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Quri Chay (Persian: حسين ابادقوريچاي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Qūrī Chāy and Ḩoseynābād-e Qūrīchāy) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 17 families.
 Dańków [ˈdaɲkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Biała Rawska 21 km (13 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Potter is a village in Cheyenne County Nebraska in the United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 337.
 Oluklu is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Rikan (Persian: ريكان‎ also Romanized as Rīkān) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 40 families.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nidzica and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Vashian-e Chah-e Shirin (Persian: واشيان چاه شيرين‎ also Romanized as Vāshīān-e Chāh-e Shīrīn; also known as Chāh Shīr-e Vāshīyān Vāsheyān Vāshīyān and Vāshīān) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Chrząstawa Wielka [xʂɔ̃sˈtava ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernica within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Czernica and 20 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Golkhaneh (Persian: گلخانه‎ also Romanized as Golkhāneh) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 70 families.
 Thulopatal is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3099 people living in 614 individual households.
 Garmabak (Persian: گرمابك‎ also Romanized as Garmābak) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 19 families.
 Goliany [ɡɔˈljanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Błędów 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Grójec and 48 km (30 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Nowy Jamielnik [ˈnɔvɨ jaˈmjɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kalinowice Dolne [kalinɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German: Oberkunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ziębice 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 56 kilometres (35 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] (German Michelau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Brzeg and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 550.
 Whitefish Bay is a village in Milwaukee County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 14110 at the 2010 census.
 Sangchin (Persian: سنگ چين‎ also Romanized as Sangchīn) is a village in Golian Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 42 families.
 Raheste is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 45 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Aliabad (Persian: علي آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 40 families.
 Lisów [ˈlisuf] (German Lissau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Herby within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lubliniec and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1727.
 Konaru (Persian: كنارو‎ also Romanized as Konārū) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 23 families.
 Karkul-e Kasan (Persian: كركول كسان‎ also Romanized as Karkūl-e Kasān; also known as Karkūl and Korkūl) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 60 families.
 Brezovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Брезовац pronounced [brɛ̂zɔv̞ats]) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 797 people.
 Chełm [xɛu̯m] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malczyce within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Malczyce 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Środa Śląska and 41 kilometres (25 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Gaunshahar (Nepali: ne:गाउँशहर) is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6172 people living in 1260 individual households.
 Drenkovo is a sparsely populated and dispersed village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated in the foothills of Vlahina mountain few kilometers west of Blagoevgrad and north from the road to Republic of Macedonia. There are ruins of Roman villa near the village.
 Siyambalagastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gowhert (Persian: گوهرت‎ also Romanized as Gowhert and Gowhart; also known as Gohart Gohert Gohort Gowhīrat Gowhīrot and Kowheyrat) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 748 in 155 families.
 Żerkowice [ʐɛrkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Zirkowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komprachcice within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Komprachcice and 7 km (4 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Petrov (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Clarksville is a village in Ionia County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census the village population was 394. The village is within Campbell Township. The Clarksville ZIP code 48815 serves the northern portion of the township as well the southern portion of Boston Township and small portions of Odessa Township on the east and Bowne Township in Kent County on the west.
 Zabłocie [zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Nokhowd Darreh (Persian: نخوددره‎) is a village in Karaftu Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 19 families.
 Kiranagi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gulbarga taluk of Gulbarga district in Karnataka.
 Hoseynabad-e Do (Persian: حسين آباد2‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Do; also known as Hosein Abad Ḩoseynābād and Husainābād) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 48 families.
 Nowiny Wielkie [nɔˈvinɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Witnica and 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1300.
 Dewahandiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ostrowąs [ɔsˈtrɔvɔ̃s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 24 km (15 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 423.
 Karimabad-e Ali Verdi (Persian: كريم آباد علي وردي‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e ‘Alī Verdī ; also known as ‘Alī Verdī and Karīmābād) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 70 families.
 Kożyno [kɔˈʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Bakharz Rural District in the Central District of Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 723 in 159 families.
 Mowtowr-e Karim Khan (Persian: موتوركريم خان‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Karīm Khān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Busówno [buˈsuvnɔ] (Ukrainian: Бусівно Busivno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Wierzbica 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Chełm and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Khalanga Jajarkot is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of midwestern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8140 living in 1533 individual households.
 Anbar Sara (Persian: عنبرسرا‎ also Romanized as ‘Anbar Sarā and Anbār Sarā; also known as ‘Ambar Sarāi and ‘Anbar Sara’ī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 815 in 170 families.
 Kánó is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Leonardów [lɛɔˈnarduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Serokomla 26 km (16 mi) south of Łuków and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ziaratgah (Persian: زيارتگاه‎ also Romanized as Zīāratgāh) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 67 families.
 Dračić is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 264 people.
 Pruska Wielka [ˈpruska ˈvʲɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Augustów and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gahkadeh (Persian: گاه كده‎ also Romanized as Gāhkadeh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Toolamaa (or Saarõkülä) is a village in Räpina Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Wrząca Wielka [ˈvʐɔnt͡sa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Aliabad-e Sofla (Persian: علي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Soflá; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 23 families.
 Veravjen-e Sofla (Persian: وروجن سفلي‎ also Romanized as Veravjen-e Soflá; also known as Vīrāvjen) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 36 families.
 Maksar (Persian: مكسر‎ also Romanized as Makşar; also known as Magsar Maqsar and Maqşer) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 53 families.
 Wonopringgo is a village and subdistrict in Pekalongan Regency in Central Java Indonesia. It is located south of Pekalongan. The village was an important centre of sugar production with the Karang Anjer Factory in the area during the Dutch East Indies from at least the 1830s when the first Chinese person ran the factory in Wonopringgo. The Amsterdam based Netherlands Trading Company (Nederlandsche Handelmaatschappij or NHM) operated in the village.
 Długokąty [dwuɡɔˈkɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wieczfnia Kościelna 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Mława and 112 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Dębina [dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krypno within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Ghanghauli (Hindi: घांघौली) is a village in Khair tehsil of Aligarh district of Indian state of Uttar Pradesh was founded by Chaudhary Gaj Singh in 1761. It is located about 60 km far from its Distt. i.e. Aligarh. This village is dominated by Jats. Jats are more than 95%. All Jats are of Attri (clan). A proposed highway i.e. Yamuna Express Way from Greater Noida to Agra of 165 km is also passing through this village. This village is well known for its politics in the local area.
 Sirud (Persian: سيرود‎ also Romanized as Sīrūd and Sehrūd) is a village in Chendar Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 42 families.
 Budziejewko [bud͡ʑɛˈjɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Garbce [ˈɡarpt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród in Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Żmigród 27 kilometres (17 mi) north-west of Trzebnica and 45 kilometres (28 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Çortak is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains to the east of the Turkish state highway D.715. The distance to Mut is 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 140 kilometres (87 mi). The population of the village is 161 as of 2011.
 Nierada [ɲeˈrada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Poczesna 12 km (7 mi) south of Częstochowa and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1145.
 Palang Gerd (Persian: پلنگ گرد‎ also Romanized as Palangerd; also known as Palangird Palangrād and Payān Gerd) is a village in Homeyl Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 634 in 144 families.
 Suli Daraq (Persian: سولي درق‎ also Romanized as Sūlī Daraq; also known as Sul’dera and Suli Darreh) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 11 families.
 Dul Qabarstan (Persian: دول قبرستان‎ also Romanized as Dūl Qabarstān) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 62 families.
 Ahmad Salar-e Kalat Tayebi (Persian: احمدسلاركلات طيبي‎ also Romanized as Aḩmad Sālār-e Kalāt Ţayebī; also known as Aḩmad Sālār) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 32 families.
 Lácacséke is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Kirimetiyawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Długowola [dwuɡɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Stężyca 18 km (11 mi) west of Ryki and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sirom-e Olya (Persian: سيرم عليا‎ also Romanized as Sīrom-e ʿOlyā) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gahama is a village in the Commune of Bururi in Bururi Province in southern Burundi. It is located southeast of Bururi and its western side is framed by a forest.
 Desin Selo (Cyrillic: Десин Село) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gorzków [ˈɡɔʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Bogoria 16 km (10 mi) north of Staszów and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 212.
 Brudaki [bruˈdaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wolbórz 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Poklatki [pɔˈklatki] (German: Buchenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 km (13 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Guzik (Persian: گوزيك‎ also Romanized as Gūzīk) is a village in Shepiran Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 42 families.
 Podcibórz [pɔtˈt͡ɕibuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lidzbark 22 km (14 mi) west of Działdowo and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 110.
 Zabłocie [zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Turobin 31 km (19 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 71.
 Hegra is a village and former municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The former municipality encompassed most of the eastern part of the present-day municipality of Stjørdal. The ancient rock carvings (Leirfald) as well as the small border fort Hegra Fortress (formerly known as Ingstadkleven Fort) are both located in Hegra.
 Godljevo is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 348 people.
 Antroli is a mid-size village in Kheda district in Central Gujarat with a population of approximately 15000.Antroli is a village in Kapadwanj Taluka Kheda district in Gujarat state. Its current population is about 6000 people. It is a primarily a farming community with a mixed caste of people like Patel Thakor Brahmin Shah Muslim Harijans etc. It has a high school with eight through twelve grade in conjunction with a primary school with first to seventh grades.
 Kochany [kɔˈxanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wodynie 33 km (21 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Asnaq (Persian: اسنق‎) is a village in Ardalan Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 725 in 175 families.
 Mannur is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Gülpınar Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Vakadu is a village on the bank of Swarnamukhi/Suvarnamukhi and a Mandal in Nellore district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.Vakadu has abundant under-ground water resources as well as fertile land.Vakadu has well-connected roadways a profitable Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporatio bus depot and a 30-bed government hospital.Recently a dam was constructed across the Swarnamukhi River to provide access to the village as well as to preserve the underground water.
 Hileh Sara (Persian: حيله سرا‎ also Romanized as Ḩīleh Sarā; also known as Heleh Sarāy and Heleh Sarā-ye Lemīr) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 75 families.
 Simlak (Gujarati સીમલક ; Hindi सीमलक ) is a village in Navsari district Gujarat India. The population is approximately 2000 people with 90% Muslims.[citation needed]The village has a school and a masjid. The school was built with the aid of foreign donors.For more information visit village website www.simlak.in[citation needed]
 Doleh Yaraleh (Persian: دوله ياراله‎ also Romanized as Doleh Yārāleh) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 9 families.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Naşīrābād-e Nowrūzī) is a village in Firuzbahram Rural District Chahardangeh District Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 24 families.
 Sartang-e Tomanak (Persian: سرتنگ تمنك‎) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 16 families.
 Bedirler is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 103 people.
 Kamanje is a village in Croatia.
 Melleh-ye Abu ol Abbas (Persian: مله ابوالعباس‎ also Romanized as Melleh-ye Abū ol ‘Abbās and Meleh-ye Abū ol ‘Abbās) is a village in Mongasht Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Seram is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1892 people living in 355 individual households.
 Gavahnchan (Persian: گوهنچان‎ also Romanized as Gāvahnchān; also known as Gāvān Chāh Gavānchān-e Bālā Gāwanchān and Gavānchūn) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 30 families.
 Zofiówka [zɔˈfjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dąb Wielki [ˈdɔmp ˈvjɛlki] (German: Groß Dembe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Włocławek and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Gniazdków [ˈɡɲastkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Chotcza 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Lipsko and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Popowo-Południe [pɔˈpɔvɔ pɔˈwudɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kunkareh (Persian: كونكره‎ also Romanized as Kūnḵareh) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Kukljin is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1794 people.
 Madawal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Pa Ham is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Zakącie [zaˈkɔnt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Przydroże [pʂɨˈdrɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Kuk is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Makovo (Manovo Masovo) is a village in the mountains of Novaci Municipality in the Mariovo region of southern Macedonia. With emigration to the cities the village had only 71 inhabitants in the 2002 census.
 Sarmast (Persian: سرمست‎) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 22 families.
 Lwowiec [ˈlvɔvjɛt͡s] (German Löwenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Sępopol 23 km (14 mi) east of Bartoszyce and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 220.
 Hardeni is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2906 people living in 523 individual households.
 Mazraeh-ye Hadi Keshtkaran (Persian: مزرعه هادي كشتكاران‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Hādī Keshtkārān) is a village in Rahmat Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szczyty-Nowodwory [ˈʂt͡ʂɨtɨ nɔvɔdˈvɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Moribi (Persian: مريبي‎ also Romanized as Morībī; also known as Morābī) is a village in Azadeh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Liên Trạch is a commune (xã) and village in Bố Trạch District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Gajg-e Poshtkuh (Persian: گجگ پشتكوه‎ also Romanized as Gajg-e Poshtkūh and Gojg-e Poshtkūh; also known as Govājag-e Pāpar) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 39 families.
 Sarılar Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Brårud is a village in the municipality of Nes Akershus Norway. Its population (2005) is 452.
 Badaje (Tulu/Kannada:ಬಡಾಜೆ) is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.It is a small village in Manjeshwar. NH66 which passes through Manjeshwar is 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) away from Badaje.
 Zabłocie [zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Derc [dɛrt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Jeziorany and 21 km (13 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 660.
 Jabłoń-Piotrowce [ˈjabwɔɲ pjɔˈtrɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Gornje Ravno (Serbian: Горње Равно) is a village in the municipality of Kupres Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karopady is a small village in Dakshina Kannada district Karnataka in far southern India. It is the border village between Karnataka and Kerala.
 Kodivar (Persian: كديور‎ also Romanized as Kodīvar) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 22 families.
 Ayingudi (Tamil: அயன்குடி ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Rača is a village in the municipality of Priboj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1313 people.
 Gagyapáti is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. As of 2008 it had a population of 24.
 Jaworze [jaˈvɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Zagnańsk and 9 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 438.
 Cheshmeh Anjir (Persian: چشمه انجير‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Anjīr) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sartipabad (Persian: سرتيپ آباد‎ also Romanized as Sartīpābād) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 46 families.
 Kõnnu is a village in Räpina Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Górna Niwa [ˈɡurna ˈniva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Biecz 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Gorlice and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sadowiec-Niwa [saˈdɔvjɛt͡s ˈniva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Działoszyn 8 km (5 mi) west of Pajęczno and 81 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Kaszewy-Kolonia [kaˈʂɛvɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Krzyżanów 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Kutno and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 120.
 Faryab (Persian: فارياب‎ also Romanized as Fāryāb) is a village in Abdan Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mosina [mɔˈɕina] (formerly German Mossin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Szczecinek and 137 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 37 families.
 Savar Kalateh (Persian: ساوركلاته‎ also Romanized as Sāvar Kalāteh) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 113 families.
 Chah-e Gerd (Persian: چاه گرد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Gerd) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dholagohe is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4841 people living in 842 individual households.
 Szymbory-Włodki [ʂɨmˈbɔrɨ ˈvwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Jamishan-e Olya (Persian: جاميشان عليا‎ also Romanized as Jāmīshān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Jāmīshān-e Vosţá) is a village in Horr Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 32 families.
 Rahmanabad (Persian: رحمان آباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmānābād) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 27 families.
 Qasemabad-e Jalil (Persian: قاسم ابادجليل‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Jalīl) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 63 families.
 Çevrecik is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 570 people.
 Hoseyn Beygi (Persian: حسين بگي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Beygī; also known as Ḩoseyn Yagī) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 16 families.
 Wyrąb [ˈvɨrɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) northeast of Sokołów Podlaski and 92 km (57 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Wielki Bukowiec [ˈvjɛlki buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórcz within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Skórcz 17 km (11 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 520.
 Zanguiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: زنگوييه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zangūīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Zangoeeyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żółwiniec [ʐuu̯ˈviɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Ślesin 21 km (13 mi) north of Konin and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qaleh-ye Sheykh Jasem (Persian: قلعه شيخ جاسم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Sheykh Jāsem) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 75 families.
 Wysoka Kamieńska [vɨˈsɔka kaˈmjɛɲska] (formerly German Wietstock) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Golczewo 18 km (11 mi) south of Kamień Pomorski and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 672.
 Pratappur is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5654 people living in 889 individual households.
 Czerńczyce [t͡ʂɛrɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ziębice 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 57 kilometres (35 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Odiyathur is a Village in the Gangavalli Taluk in the Salem district in the state of Tamil Nadu India.
 Haviland is a village in Paulding County Ohio United States. The population was 215 at the 2010 census.
 Ali Qeshlaqi (Persian: علي قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Qeshlāqī; also known as ‘Alī Qeshlāq) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 68 families.
 Franki [ˈfranki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Krośniewice 18 km (11 mi) west of Kutno and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Quách Phẩm is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Dzierszyn [ˈd͡ʑerʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Imielno 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Jędrzejów and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 170.
 Key Zarrin (Persian: كي زرين‎ also Romanized as Key Zarrīn) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 74 families.
 Darun Kola-ye Gharbi (Persian: درونكلاغربي‎ also Romanized as Darūn Kolā-ye Gharbī; also known as Darūn Kalā and Darūn Kolā) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1057 in 271 families.
 Domdomeh (Persian: دمدمه‎) is a village in Hir Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 53 families.
 Tekedüzü is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated to the northeast of Bozyazı. The distance to Bozyazı is 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) and to Mersin is 205 kilometres (127 mi). The population of the village is only 43. as of 2011.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rudna Mała [ˈrudna ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Panthavoor is a small village in Ponnani taluk of Malappuram district in the Indian state of Kerala. This village stands in Alamkode Panchayath.
 Aliabad-e Olya (Persian: علي ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālīābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sar Koleh-ye ‘Alīābād) is a village in Karezan Rural District Karezan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 58 families.
 Çamköy is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Hajji Morad (Persian: حاجي مراد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Morād) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Majnun-e Sofla (Persian: مجنون سفلي‎ also Romanized as Majnūn-e Soflā) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 29 families.
 Mierzyn [ˈmjɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Karlino 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Białogard and 116 km (72 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nová Ves (Sokolov District) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Anjuna ([ɦɔɳzuɳẽ]) is a village in Goa one of the twelve Brahmin comunidades of Bardez. Its church St. Michael's Church Anjuna founded in 1595 is dedicated to S. Miguel and celebrates the feasts of S. Miguel (September 29) and Nossa Senhora Advogada (second week of January). There are three large chapels in the parish: the one to S. Antonio (Praias) to Nossa Senhora de Saude (Mazalvaddo) and to Nossa Senhora de Piedade (Grande Chinvar).
 Bledzewko [blɛˈd͡zɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mashhadi Kola (Persian: مشهدي كلا‎ also Romanized as Mashhadī Kolā) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 384 in 91 families.
 Wytrzyszczki [vɨˈtʂɨʂt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Parzęczew 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qezeljeh (Persian: قزلجه‎; also known as Qerelījeh) is a village in Taghamin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 44 families.
 Tazehabad-e Sarab-e Qaht (Persian: تازه آباد سراب قحط‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Sarāb-e Qaḩţ and Tāzehābād-e Sar Āb Qaḩţ; also known as Tāzeh Āveh and Tāzehāwa) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 15 families.
 Zawadka [zaˈvatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tokarnia within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Myślenice and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Liashur Sara-ye Sofla (Persian: لياشورسراسفلي‎ also Romanized as Līāshūr Sarā-ye Soflá) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 15 families.
 Kalicheh (Persian: كليچه‎ also Romanized as Kalīcheh; also known as Kalījeh Kalijeh Kalījer and Kalūcheh) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District Chenarud District Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 57 families.
 Manchester is a village located within the Town of Manchester in Ontario County New York USA. The population was 1709 at the 2010 census. The village was named after Manchester in England.The Village of Manchester is located in the southwest part of the town north of Canandaigua.(The area and population reported and analyzed in this article are also included in the aggregate values for the town as a whole. See: Manchester (town) New York. )
 Sulubung is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3470. A company named Environment Protection and Alternative Power Development Private Limited has been established in this region which had helped to popularize this village with the plantation of kiwifruit.
 Sheykh Jan-e Bazkarbasi (Persian: شيخ جانبازكرباسي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Jān-e Bāzkarbāsī) is a village in Rak Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Tarków [ˈtarkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Przesmyki 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 104 km (65 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Wola Łokotowa [ˈvɔla wɔkɔˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Jeżów 16 km (10 mi) east of Brzeziny and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tereszpol [tɛˈrɛʂpɔl] is a village in Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Tereszpol. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Biłgoraj and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1157.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقراباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 41 families.
 Osina Duża [ɔˈɕina ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Kiełczygłów 12 km (7 mi) north of Pajęczno and 68 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Karauta is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4194 people living in 578 individual households.
 Suszewo [suˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Orchowo 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Słupca and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ligota Książęca [liˈɡɔta kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sa] (German Fürsten-Ellguth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Namysłów and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Shurjeh (Persian: شورجه‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh; also known as Shūr) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District Ziaabad District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 21 families.
 Lena is a village in Oconto County Wisconsin United States. The population was 564 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village is located within the Town of Lena.
 Hezaran-e Sofla (Persian: هزاران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Hezārān-e Soflá) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Deh-e Yaqub (Persian: ده يعقوب‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ya‘qūb and Deh Ya‘qūb; also known as Ya’ghoob Ya’qob and Ya‘qūbābād) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 8 families.
 Dehdari (Persian: دهداري‎ also Romanized as Dehdārī and Deh Dārī) is a village in Tasuj Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 487 in 122 families.
 Grobice [ɡrɔˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Wołcza Mała [ˈvɔu̯t͡ʂa ˈmawa] (German: Klein Volz; Kashubian: Môłô Wôłczô) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Bytów and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 139.
 Cliff Village is a village in Newton County Missouri United States. The population was 40 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Joplin Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Sõõrike is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Grbavče is a village in the municipality of Svrljig Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 567 people.
 An Lập is a commune (xã) and village in Sơn Động District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Bazkabad (Persian: بزك اباد‎ also Romanized as Bazkābād) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mathi is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Chah-e Khoda Morad Babari (Persian: چاه خدامرادبابري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Khodā Morād Bābarī) is a village in Chahak Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 9 families.
 Shahvarpalur (Persian: شهوارپالور‎ also Romanized as Shahvārpālūr; also known as Shahvār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1147 in 225 families.
 Seh Chah Gelal (Persian: سه چاه گلال‎ also Romanized as Seh Chāh Gelāl; also known as Seh Chāh) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Elkhart Lake is a village in Sheboygan County Wisconsin United States located within the northwestern part of the county within the Town of Rhine. The population was 967 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Sheboygan Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. Elkhart Lake may be best known for hosting road races on public county roads during the 1950s later moving to a dedicated race track called Road America which is located a few miles south of the village.
 Alamdar (Persian: علمدار‎ also Romanized as Alamdār and ‘Alamdār) is a village in Ganjafruz Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1713 in 479 families.
 Yahalatenne is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Grochowo [ɡrɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Sulęcin 34 km (21 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 57 km (35 mi) north of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Anakkara (Malayalam: ആനക്കര) is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district Kerala India.
 Maharlu Now (Persian: مهارلونو‎ also Romanized as Mahārlū Now; also known as Maharin and Mahārlū) is a village in Maharlu Rural District Kuhenjan District Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2168 in 544 families.
 Kalalgamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tõdva is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Meymun Baz (Persian: ميمون باز‎ also Romanized as Meymūn Bāz) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 11 families.
 Trojaczkowice [trɔjat͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Niedrzwica Duża and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 90.
 Kavaloluğu is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Bądki [ˈbɔntki] (German Bündtken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zalewo 31 km (19 mi) north of Iława and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Wielkie Drogi [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ˈdrɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Skawina and 20 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kahlu Chal (Persian: كهلوچال‎ also Romanized as Kahlū Chāl) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kleparz [ˈklɛpaʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Garhi Dilawar is a village in the Raebareli district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The village was at one time called Behrana and this name is still occasionally used today.
 English Harbour is a natural harbour and settlement on the island of Antigua in the extreme south of the island. The settlement takes its name from the nearby harbour in which the Royal Navy established its base of operations for the area during the eighteenth century. Its population is 759 (2001 Census).English Harbour is a centre of boating especially yachting.
 Daryan (Persian: داريان‎ also Romanized as Dāryān Daryān Dāreyān Dārīān and Dārīyān) is a village in Guney-ye Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2220 in 691 families.
 Ashireh-ye Khalaf (Persian: عشيره خلف‎ also Romanized as ʿ‘Ashīreh-ye Khalāf; also known as ‘Ashīreh-ye Ḩalāf and Ḩallāf) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 40 families.
 Kavanur is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Uudeküla is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.Uudeküla Bulldogs RFC is a rugby union club based in Uudeküla.
 Darreh Mal (Persian: درهمال‎ also Romanized as Darreh Māl; also known as Darreh Māl-e Abraj Darreh Mālī Darreh Mālī and Darreh Mān) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 10 families.
 Brestovo is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 115 people.
 Głuszyna [ɡwuˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Klwów 23 km (14 mi) north of Przysucha and 76 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ab Barik (Persian: ابباريك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bārīk and Āb-e Bārīk) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 91 families.
 Nowruzabad (Persian: نوروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Nowrūzābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 54 families.
 Kopice [kɔˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Stepnica 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 135.
 Żerań Mały [ˈʐɛraɲ ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Olszewo-Borki 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Ostrołęka and 94 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 102.
 Cashton is a village in Monroe County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1102 at the 2010 census.
 Kırkat is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 712 people.
 Podstolice [pɔtstɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wieliczka and 14 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 980.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 105 families.
 Nasir Kandi (Persian: نصيركندي‎ also Romanized as Naşīr Kandī; also known as Nāsirkand) is a village in Zarrineh Rud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1878 in 413 families.
 Benivar-e Olya (Persian: بنيوارعليا‎ also Romanized as Benīvār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Benvār Benvār-e Bālā Benvār-e ‘Olyā Bonvār-e Bālā Bonvār-e ‘Olyā Bonvar-e ‘Olyā and Buniwar) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 23 families.
 Olbrachtowo [ɔlbraxˈtɔvɔ] (German: Groß Albrechtau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 40.
 Chal Rahim Ali (Persian: چال رحيم علي‎ also Romanized as Chāl Raḥīm ʿAlī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karnków [ˈkarnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Rakowice [rakɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Kondratowice 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Strzelin and 42 kilometres (26 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Javadabad (Persian: جواداباد‎ also Romanized as Javādābād) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Belalabad (Persian: بلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Belālābād) is a village in Hajjilar-e Jonubi Rural District Hajjilar District Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Varkureh (Persian: وركوره‎ also Romanized as Varkūreh; also known as Varkūrā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 109 families.
 Jelna [ˈjɛlna] (Ukrainian: Єльна Yel’na) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Nowa Sarzyna 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Leżajsk and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1900 and counting.
 Pieńki [ˈpjɛɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ahun (Persian: اهون‎ also Romanized as Āhūn) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 956 in 227 families.
 Behabad-e Qobasiah (Persian: به ابادقباسيان‎ also Romanized as Behābād-e Qobāsīāh; also known as Beyābād and Bīābād-e Qobā Sīāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 Elmwood is a village in Pierce County Wisconsin along the Eau Galle River. The population was 817 at the 2010 census.
 Khonak (Persian: خنك‎ also Romanized as Khonok; also known as Gunak and Jonak) is a village in Sefidar Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 64 families.
 Oklaji (Serbian: Оклаји) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Śliwniki [ɕlivˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Parzęczew 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 125.
 Łapinóż [waˈpinuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Brodnica and 53 km (33 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 230.
 Kurzawka [kuˈʐafka] (German Kuschofka Kuschowka 1939–1945 Kuschhofen; Silesian Kuszówka) is a settlement belonging to the sołectwo of Raszowa in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Another Rossburg is in Warren County Ohio.Rossburg is a village in Darke County Ohio United States. The population was 201 at the 2010 census.Rossburg is home to the Eldora Speedway a half-mile clay oval race track which hosts the Mudsummer Classic the first NASCAR national race held on dirt since 1970.
 Tarababad (Persian: تراب اباد‎ also Romanized as Tarābābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Kani Kuzaleh (Persian: كاني كوزله‎ also Romanized as Kānī Kūzaleh; also known as Kānī Kūrleh) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 19 families.
 Khanalthok is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4549 in 788 individual households.
 Arbedian (Persian: اربديان‎ also Romanized as ‘Arbedīān and Arbīdīān) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 15 families.
 Mapanawatura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mahajeran-e Khak (Persian: مهاجران خاك‎ also Romanized as Mahājerān-e Khāk Mahajaran Khak and Mohājerān-e Khāk) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 61 families.
 Yusef-e Eslam (Persian: يوسف اسلام‎ also Romanized as Yūsef-e Eslām; also known as Yūsef Salām and Yūsof Salām) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 25 families.
 Khorramabad-e Dineh Sar (Persian: خرم آباد دينه سر‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād-e Dīneh Sar; also known as Khān-e Khorramābād and Khorramābād) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Wodnica [vɔdˈnit͡sa] (German: Hohenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ustka 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 116 km (72 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 346.
 Deksyty [dɛkˈsɨtɨ] (German: Dixen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Górowo Iławeckie 15 km (9 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Antoniew [anˈtɔɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sochaczew and 57 km (35 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Delbar (Persian: دلبر‎) is a village in Karrab Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 75 families.
 Ajanjul (Arabic: عجنجول‎ Ajanjǔl) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict of Mandatory Palestine. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine.The Abu Ghosh family took up residence in Ajanjul in the 18th century. The village is described as an offshoot village of Bayt Nuba from where they (the Abu Ghosh) controlled the Valley of Ayalon including the important village of Bayt Liqya.
 Visgeh (Persian: ويسگه‎ also Romanized as Vīsgeh and Vīsegeh; also known as Veysekeh and Vīsekeh) is a village in Harasam Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 32 families.
 Kurowo-Kolonia [kuˈrɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pniów [pɲuf] (German: Pinnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Myślibórz and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dubravice (Cyrillic: Дубравице) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Preedi is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Błądzim [ˈbwɔnd͡ʑim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Strachocin [straˈxɔt͡ɕin] (formerly German Zartzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 279.
 Stary Rzędków [ˈstarɨ ˈʐɛntkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Nowy Kawęczyn 9 km (6 mi) south of Skierniewice and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Elaprolu is a Village near Vijayawada Andhra Pradesh India.Its population is nearly 3000 people. Vijayawada thermal power station is very near to this village located just 12 Kilometers from Vijayawada.The name Elaprolu is derived from two devotees (Elaiah and Prolaiah) who built this village.Ramalayam is placed in the main centre. This temple was constructed before independence of India (Constructed around 1926)Ramalayam 1st priest was Late.
 Bhabhta is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Kaliszaki [kaliˈʂaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Babigoszcz [baˈbiɡɔʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Przybiernów 15 km (9 mi) north of Goleniów and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 255.
 Mazraeh-ye Khukand (Persian: مزرعه خوكند‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khūkand) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 6 families.
 Chah-e Deh-e Inach (Persian: چاه ده اينچ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Deh-e Īnach) is a village in Meyami Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 13 families.
 Borek Lipiński [ˈbɔrɛk liˈpiɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Warta 13 km (8 mi) north of Sieradz and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Lututów 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 87 km (54 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Fakaofo is a village on Fakaofo atoll in Tokelau. It is located to the north-west of the atoll. It is notable for its monument which is a coral slab personifying Tui Tokelau a god once worshipped in the islands.Fishing is important to the local economy and food supply.
 Wyjazd [ˈvɨjast] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Sochaczew and 45 km (28 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Borowiec [bɔˈrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Piątek 18 km (11 mi) east of Łęczyca and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Uğurçayırı is a village in the District of Ayaş Ankara Province Turkey.
 Yadiki is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 27 families.
 Väljataguse is a village in Väätsa Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Quzluy-e Khaniyeh (Persian: قوزلوي خانيه‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūy-e Khānīyeh; also known as Qūzlū-ye Khāneqāh and Qūzlū-ye Khānīyeh) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 8 families.
 Ledinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Лединци) also known as Novi Ledinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови Лединци) is a village located in the Petrovaradin municipality one of two municipalities of Novi Sad City in Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village is part of the metropolitan area of Novi Sad.
 Ogartówko [ɔɡarˈtufkɔ] (German: Neu Jagertow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Połczyn-Zdrój 24 km (15 mi) east of Świdwin and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sacin [ˈsat͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Grójec and 68 km (42 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Drążewo [drɔ̃ˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sońsk 10 km (6 mi) south of Ciechanów and 68 km (42 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 137.
 Yamaçyolu  Hanak is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Namivand-e Olya (Persian: ناميوندعليا‎ also Romanized as Nāmīvand-e ‘Olyā; also known as Nāmīvand Qal‘eh and Nāmvand-e Qal‘eh) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 72 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Shomareh-ye Do Dadegah Anqolab (Persian: تلمبه شماره 2دادگاه انقلاب‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shomāreh-ye Do Dādegāh Ānqolāb) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Robaje is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.
 Przerośl [ˈpʂɛrɔɕl] is a village in Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przerośl. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 131 km (81 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 3300.
 Zmajevac (Hungarian: Vörösmart; Serbian Cyrillic: Змајевац; Latin: Ad Novas) is a settlement in the region of Baranja Croatia. Administratively it is located in the Kneževi Vinogradi municipality within the Osijek-Baranja County. Population is 974 people.
 Grabowiec [ɡraˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Świdnica and 17 km (11 mi) west of Zielona Góra.
 Kherva is a village in the Mehsana District Gujarat India situated on State Highway 73 between Gandhinagar and Mehsana. It borders the following villages: Devarasan Kadavasan Mulsan Jagudan Sanganpur (સાંગણપુર) Punasan Hebuva Udalpur Gunjala Dharusan and Damnava.The nearest railway stations are in Jagudan located 4 km from Kherva and in Mehsana 8 km away.
 Rudbar Chireh (Persian: رودبارچيره‎ also Romanized as Rūdbār Chīreh) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 121 families.
 Miączynek [mjɔnˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą 25 km (16 mi) south of Płońsk and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Esmaeelabad Mirjaveh (Persian: اسماعیل‌آباد ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 23 families.
 Gamasb (Persian: گاماسب‎ also Romanized as Gāmāsb; also known as Fāmāst Gāmāsp and Pamas) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1028 in 231 families.
 Koyunevi is a village in the District of İmamoğlu Adana Province Turkey.
 Garm Sar (Persian: گرمسر‎) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 23 families.
 Afşar is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Běleč (Kladno District) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Koziejówka [kɔʑeˈjufka] (Ukrainian: Козіївка Koziyivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzików within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Stary Dzików 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Lubaczów and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Głogowiec [ɡwɔˈɡɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.The village has an approximate population of 40.
 Ab Sardeh (Persian: ابسرده‎ also Romanized as Āb Sardeh) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 86 families.
 Ali Bolaghi (Persian: علي بلاغي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Bolāghī) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 90 families.
 Wierzchowiny [vjɛʂxɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Siemień 12 km (7 mi) west of Parczew and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1200.
 Qizlar (Persian: قيزلر‎ also Romanized as Qīzlar and Qezlar) is a village in Atrak Rural District Dashli Borun District Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 427 in 87 families.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād and Firooz Abad; also known as Hājīābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 32 families.
 Ringaskiddy (Irish: Rinn an Scidígh meaning Skiddy's Headland) is a village in County Cork Ireland. It is located on the western side of Cork Harbour south of Cobh and is 15 kilometres from Cork city to which it is connected by the N28 road. The village is a port with passenger ferry services to France.
 Mękarzowice [mɛŋkaʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Mankerwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 87.
 Przystajnia-Kolonia [pʂɨsˈtai̯ɲa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Mazraeh-ye Hajji Allahdad Moqbeli (Persian: مزرعه حاجي الله داد مقبلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājjī Allahdād Moqbelī) is a village in Gel Berenji Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chah Mosafer (Persian: چاه مسافر‎ also Romanized as Chāh Mosāfer and Chāh-e-Mosāfer) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 47 families.
 Kałmuki [kau̯ˈmuki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Panki within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Panki 11 km (7 mi) west of Kłobuck and 72 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 254.
 Osówko [ɔˈsufkɔ] (formerly German Wutzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Tychowo 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Białogard and 113 km (70 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Asb Rish (Persian: اسب ريسه‎ also Romanized as Āsb Rīsh; also known as Asbeh Rīs) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 23 families.
 Darreh Sefid (Persian: دره سفيد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Sefīd) is a village in Banesh Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 40 families.
 Yasaqleq (Persian: ياساقلق‎ also Romanized as Yāsāqleq) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 600 in 128 families.
 Matyldzin [maˈtɨld͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Golujeh-ye Said (Persian: گلوجه سعيد‎ also Romanized as Golūjeh-ye Sa‘īd; also known as Golūjeh) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 71 families.
 Guzowatka [ɡuzɔˈvatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Skępe 20 km (12 mi) east of Lipno and 61 km (38 mi) east of Toruń.
 Nadbrzeż [ˈnadbʐɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczew within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Karczew 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Otwock and 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Taleh Jerd (Persian: تله جرد‎ also Romanized as Taleh Jerd; also known as Tahleh Cherd Talaird Talegerd Taleh Gerd and Tehla Sard) is a village in Golabar Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 693 in 155 families.
 Kamionki [kaˈmjɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Kórnik and 14 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1373.
 Chah-e Kam Shad (Persian: چاه کم شاد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Kam Shād) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 65 families.
 Czamża [ˈt͡ʂamʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Madhavpur (Ghed) is a small but culturally significant village in state of Gujarat India. It lies on the seashore close to Porbandar.According to folklore Krishna married Rukmini at Madhavpur after first kidnapping her. This event is memorialised with a temple dedicated to lord Madhavrai and by an annual fair held in the village.Madhavpur also has one of the meditation centers of Osho.
 Kızılpınar is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Kothakulangara is a village in Kerala India situated 400 m (¼ mile) north of Angamali town on the National Highway 47 in Ernakulam District Kerala India. Wards No 2 3 and 4 of Angamali Municipality are included in Kothakulangara.Kothakulangara has a mostly Hindu population. Famous Hindu Nair Families live there. It has more than 400 houses. Most residents are related to each other. Orma Marble Palace is situated at Kothakulangara.
 Arkaköy is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 644 people.
 Qaleyni (Persian: قاليني‎ also Romanized as Qāleynī and Qālīnī; also known as Fālīnī and Qāleynī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1152 in 289 families.
 Kani Ebrahim (Persian: كاني ابراهيم‎ also Romanized as Kānī Ebrāhīm) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sikory Juskie [ɕiˈkɔrɨ ˈjuskʲɛ] (German: Schikorren; 1927-1945: Wellheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Stare Juchy 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Ełk and 119 km (74 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bakhtiar (Persian: بختيار‎ also Romanized as Bakhtīār) is a village in Barkuh Rural District Kuhsorkh District Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 79 families.
 Pruszków [ˈpruʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Żagań and 46 km (29 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ani-ye Vosta (Persian: اني وسطي‎ also Romanized as Ānī-ye Vosţá; also known as Anī-ye Vasaţ Anī-ye Vasaţī) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 696 in 114 families.
 Çayırköprü is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 133 people.
 Nieznanowice [ɲɛznanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Włoszczowa and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Jahangiri (Persian: جهانگیری‎ also Romanized as Jahāngīrī) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 605 in 116 families.
 Tazeh Ran (Persian: تازه ران‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Rān Tāzehrān and Tāzīrān; also known as Tārzan) is a village in Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 55 families.
 Golzar (Persian: گلزار‎ also Romanized as Golzār; also known as Tappeh Soleymān) is a village in Khangiran Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 28 families.
 Parcela-Obory [parˈt͡sɛla ɔˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kakolak (Persian: كاكلك‎ also Romanized as Kākolak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 675 in 193 families.
 Colibaşi is a commune in southwestern Cahul district Moldova near the border with Romania about 35 km (22 mi) to the north of Galaţi. It is composed of a single village Colibaşi.
 Pakistan (Hindi: पाकिस्तान Urdu: پاکِستان‎Purnia district of Bihar India. The village was named Pakistan in the memory of the Muslim residents who migrated in 1947 to what was then called East Pakistan. At the time the district bordered East Pakistan.
 Yılmazköy is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 979 people.
 Lükati is a village in Anija Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 54 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Sołojewszczyzna [sɔwɔjɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Sazeman-e Kashavarzi Kahan Nazhad (Persian: سازمان كشاورزي كهن نژاد‎ also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Kashāvarzī Kahan Nazhād) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hittanagi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Gorgabad (Persian: گرگ اباد‎ also Romanized as Gorgābād; also known as Sa‘īdābād) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District Firuz District Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 14 families.
 Mahizan-e Sofla (Persian: ماهيزان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Māhīzān-e Soflá; also known as Māhizān) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 57 families.
 Mušići (Cyrillic: Мушићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Malé Kyšice is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Chinchansur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Aland taluk of Gulbarga district in Karnataka.
 Seh Daran (Persian: سه دران‎ also Romanized as Seh Darān; also known as Seh Darūn) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Jhalong or Jhalang is a village in the Kalimpong subdivision of Darjeeling district in West Bengal India. This tourist spot is 99 km from Siliguri.
 Hipparagi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Jamkhandi taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Radzewo [raˈd͡zɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Borowie [bɔˈrɔvjɛ] is a village in Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Borowie. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Garwolin and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 400.
 Chenar Kheyri (Persian: چنارخيري‎ also Romanized as Chenār Kheyrī) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 36 families.
 Varsan (Persian: ورسان‎ also Romanized as Varsān) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 51 families.
 Qadehar (Persian: قادهار‎ also Romanized as Qādehār) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District Qaleh Qazi District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 58 families.
 Madhuwani is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4267 people living in 707 individual households.
 Góra Strękowa [ˈɡura strɛnˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Zawady and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok. During World War II it formed the centre of the Polish positions during the Battle of Wizna.The village has a population of 60.
 Hadžibajir (Serbian: Хаџибајир) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Niesłuchowo [ɲeswuˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bodzanów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Płock and 78 km (48 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Rasoolpur Soor is a Village in Balrampur district of Uttar Pradesh India. It is situated on the bank of the Pipra Talab (Ponds).
 Ropocice [rɔpɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Secemin 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Włoszczowa and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 40.
 Żebry-Chudek [ˈʐɛbrɨ ˈxudɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ostrołęka and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kanespi (Persian: كانسپي‎ also Romanized as Kānespī; also known as Kānī Sepīd) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 39 families.
 Lab Bar Aftab (Persian: لب برافتاب‎ also Romanized as Lab Bar Āftāb) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Biskupin [bisˈkupin] (German: Bischofshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Khezeriyeh (Persian: خضريه‎ also Romanized as Khezerīyeh Khezrīyeh Khazarīyeh and Khazrīyeh; also known as Khaẕrīāt) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 57 families.
 Thumbavi is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Choutuppal mandal.
 Cecil is a village in Shawano County Wisconsin United States. The population was 570 at the 2010 census.
 Dęborzyn [dɛmˈbɔʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłowa within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Dębica and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Roszkówko [rɔʂˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Skoki 12 km (7 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Azad-e-Olya (Persian: ازادعليا‎ also Romanized as Āzād-e-‘Olyā; also known as Azad Āzād-e Bālā and Āzadhar) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 92 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Ḩājīābād) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 12 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Baqer Mohammadi Fariyab (Persian: تلمبه باقرمحمدي فارياب‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bāqer Moḩammadī Fārīyāb) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 25 families.
 Kamiabad (Persian: كمي اباد‎ also Romanized as Kamīābād) is a village in Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 563 in 128 families.
 Duagh is a small village in County Kerry Ireland located approximately 9 km southeast of Listowel and 7 km northwest of Abbeyfeale on the R555 regional road.Duagh is a dormitory village for Listowel and Abbeyfeale and a local service centre for the rural hinterland. There are two shops three public houses two housing estates a hardware store and petrol station/shop which are located on the village’s only street at the centre of the village.
 Kaithaparampu (Kaithaparambu) is a village part of Ezhamkulam Panchayath in the Pathanamthitta district of Kerala. It is part of Adoor constituency of Kerala State and Indian Parliament. Many people from this small village are employed in Gulf countries a factor which contributes greatly to the prosperity of the village.
 Kalateh-ye Hasan Beyk (Persian: كلاته حسن بيك‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Hasan Beyk; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩoseyn ‘Alī Beyg Kalāteh Hasan ‘Ali Beg and Kalāteh-ye Hasan ‘Alī Beyg) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nawngse is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Kashanbeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كاشنبه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kāshanbeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 40 families.
 Arjanavand (Persian: ارجناوند‎ also Romanized as Arjanāvand Arjanāwand and Arjenāvand) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 84 families.
 Mokrine is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nakieł [ˈnakʲɛw] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Wiktorowo [viktɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Blumenort is a village of about 1000 people in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It is located in the Rural Municipality of Hanover just north of the city of Steinbach. It was founded in 1874 by Mennonite farmers. Today its economy is based on agriculture and the service industry.
 Chal-e Kuchek Latif Allah (Persian: چال كوچك لطف اله‎ also Romanized as Chāl-e Kūchek Laṭif Allah) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 13 families.
 Melavard (Persian: ملاورد‎ also Romanized as Melāvard) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 17 families.
 Łukoszyno-Biki [wukɔˈʂɨnɔ ˈbiki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Sierpc and 113 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 110.
 Arabluy-e Darreh (Persian: عربلوي دره‎ also Romanized as ‘Arablūy-e Darreh; also known as ‘Arablū-ye Darreh) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 129 families.
 Tagriss is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Jeziorzany [jɛʑɔˈʐanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liszki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Liszki and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 853.
 Nebiler Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Skarżyce [skarˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Winnica 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Pułtusk and 49 km (30 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kayer (Persian: كاير‎ also Romanized as Kāyer) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1059 in 180 families.
 Union Village is a town in Saint Andrew Parish Grenada. It is located on the island's eastern coast.
 Shish Yeki (Persian: شيش يكي‎ also Romanized as Shīsh Yekī) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Thondavaram is a village in Ambajipeta Mandal in the East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.Thondavaram is a nearest village to the district headquarters Kakinada Kakinada is 376 km distance from state main city Hyderabad.population 1400pin 533221telephone code 08856
 Wilczkowo [vilt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wyszogród 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Płock and 62 km (39 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād and Hoseyn Ābād) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 550 in 108 families.
 Ywatha is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma. It lies on the Chindwin River.
 Pleasant Hill is a village in Miami County Ohio United States. The population was 1200 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Adamusy [adaˈmusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kolno and 99 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 43.
 Mierzwice-Kolonia [mjɛʐˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 T. Chowdaravaripalli is a village in Brahmamgarimatham mandal YSR district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Kotiyagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dowlujerdin-e Bala (Persian: دولوجردين بالا‎ also Romanized as Dowlūjerdīn-e Bālā and Dowlowjerdīn-e Bālā; also known as Dowlūjerd Dowlūjerdanī-ye Bālā Dowlūjerd-e Bālā and Dolūjerdīn) is a village in Darjazin-e Sofla Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 20 families.
 Sarhud Khoda Rahim (Persian: سرهودخدارحم‎ also Romanized as Sarhūd Khodā Raḥim) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Akkajihalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koratagere taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Koigi Saare County is a village in Pöide Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Podgajew [pɔdˈɡajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Oporów 8 km (5 mi) east of Kutno and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Horní Brusnice is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Degahi (Persian: دگاهي‎ also Romanized as Degāhī; also known as Dagah Dagāh Dakāh Degā Degakh and Deqeh) is a village in Taham Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 35 families.
 Chaintri is a village in Abbottabad District in northeastern Pakistan. It lies to the northwest of Lakhala and to the northeast of Dairi. Chaintri is said to be noted for itswhite joria wool.
 Patkule is a village in Sarkaņi parish and Madona municipality Latvia.
 Yalu is a large village in the Markham Valley of Morobe Province Papua New Guinea. It lies along the Highlands Highway 21.5 kilometres (13.4 mi) northwest of Lae 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southeast of Nadzab. The landscape is typically lowland rainforest.
 Kangan (Persian: كنگان‎ also Romanized as Kangān) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 53 families.
 Sang Shakan Nazerkayizami (Persian: سنگ شكن نظركايظمي‎ also Romanized as Sang Shakan Naz̧erkāyīz̧amī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vepada is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Bard-e Morad Azma (Persian: بردمردازما‎ also Romanized as Bard-e Morad Āzmā) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pomyków [pɔˈmɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Moszczenica 14 km (9 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tapilkajmy [tapʲilˈkai̯mɨ] (German: Tappelkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Zartalak (Persian: زرتلك‎) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Miodówko [mjɔˈdufkɔ] (German: Honigswalde; before 1908: Mniodowko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Vrpolje Ljubomir (Cyrillic: Врпоље Љубомир) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Písty is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tebhapadar is a village of Birmaharajpur subdivision of Subarnapur district of Orissa India. It is located on the bank of Surubalijora and Mahanadi River. Total population of this village is 1326 out of which 697 are male and 629 are female. This village is spread over 755.673 acres (3.05810 km2) of land.It has three temples viz. Jagannath Khameswari and Bhagabat temple.
 Ostrovica (Serbian: Островица) is a village in Serbia located southeast of Niš on the railroad toward Dimitrovgrad in the municipality of Niška Banja. According to the 2002 census the village had 603 inhabitants.
 Chah Talkhab-e Olya (Persian: چاه تلخاب عليا‎ also Romanized as Chāh Talkhāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Chāh Talkhāb-e Bālā Chāh Talkh-e Bar Āftāb and Chāh Talkh-e Bār Āftāb) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 509 in 91 families.
 Văratic is a commune in Rîșcani district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Văratic.
 Sienno [ˈɕennɔ] is a village in Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sienno. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 130 km (81 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1000.
 Łukowice [wukɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Altenkirchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Cedynia 40 km (25 mi) south of Gryfino and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Hornigi [xɔrˈniɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Warka 19 km (12 mi) east of Grójec and 44 km (27 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 Helenów Słupski [xɛˈlɛnuf ˈswupski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 173.
 Bukonys is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 657 people.
 Majdan Siostrzytowski [ˈmai̯dan ɕɔstʂɨˈtɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Świdnik and 33 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dast Feshad (Persian: دست فشاد‎ also Romanized as Dast Feshād and Dastfeshād; also known as Dasht Feshād) is a village in Ghazali Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 47 families.
 Uqchi Kuchek (Persian: اوقچي كوچك‎ also Romanized as Ūqchī Kūchek) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 59 families.
 Emarat (Persian: عمارت‎ also Romanized as ‘Emārat) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 46 families.
 Si Mayeli-ye Gardbisheh (Persian: سي ميلي گردبيشه‎ also Romanized as Sī Mayelī-e Gardbīsheh; also known as Gerd Bīsheh Gird Bisheh Sī Māyelī and Sīmīlī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 23 families.
 Tut-e Chehreh (Persian: توت چهره‎ also Romanized as Tūt-e Chehreh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 12 families.
 Konstantów [kɔnsˈtantuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Błonie 16 km (10 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 29 km (18 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Szałas [ˈʂawas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Zagnańsk and 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 550.
 Rujsca [ˈrui̯st͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kostrzyn and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Klęcz [klɛnt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Widawa 25 km (16 mi) south of Łask and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gümüşkaya is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Łęgno [ˈwɛnɡnɔ] (German Lingenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Krosna-Wieś [ˈkrɔsna ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Harm Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sohrol (Persian: سهرل‎ also Romanized as Sahrol; also known as Sohreqeh Sokhrul and Sūhrul) is a village in Rudqat Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 55 families.
 Sandakzehi-ye Bala (Persian: ساندكزهي بالا‎ also Romanized as Sāndakzehī-ye Bālā) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 567 in 92 families.
 Dołgie [ˈdɔu̯ɡʲɛ] (formerly German Dolgen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ostrowice 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 90 km (56 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bystrzyca [bɨsˈtʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzówek within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kuchary [kuˈxarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gołuchów 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Pleszew and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cegielnia [t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przasnysz and 93 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Bardeh Kish (Persian: برده كيش‎ also Romanized as Bardeh Kīsh; also known as Bardeh Kesh and Bardkīsh) is a village in Dul Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 35 families.
 Kuhij (Persian: كوهيج‎ also Romanized as Kūhīj and Kuhīj; also known as Koohaj Kūhech Kūhej and Kuhi) is a village in Jenah Rural District Jenah District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2728 in 526 families.
 Gola Glavica (Cyrillic: Гола Главица) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Brunetsite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Bieniczki [bjɛˈnit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Nowogard 33 km (21 mi) east of Goleniów and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 Lipówki [liˈpufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Pilawa 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Garwolin and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 750.
 Dehnow-e Chamran (Persian: دهنوچمران‎ also Romanized as Dehnow-e Chamrān) is a village in Shapur Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 96 families.
 Ojnowrd (Persian: اجنورد‎ also Romanized as Ojnūrd and Ūjnūrd) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 41 families.
 Jalikan-e Olya (Persian: جليكان عليا‎ also Romanized as Jalīkān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Jalīkān and Jalīkān-e Bālā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 548 in 142 families.
 Pajumaa is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Chah Afzal (Persian: چاه افضل‎ also Romanized as Chāh Afẕal) is a village in Mohammadiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 62 families.
 Dargah (Persian: درگه‎; also known as Darakeh Darreh Gah and Darrehkeh) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 59 families.
 Pulianthoppu is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Azizlu (Persian: عزيزلو‎ also Romanized as ʿAzīzlū; also known as ‘Azīzollāh and ‘Azīzollāh Qeshlāq) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 29 families.
 Al-Wayziyya (Arabic: الويزية‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 1 1948 by the Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 8.5 km northeast of Safad.In 1945 the village had a population of 100. A shrine for a local sage known as al-Shaykh al-Wayzi was located in the village.
 Tavileh Chaman (Persian: طويله چمن‎ also Romanized as Ţavīleh Chaman) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 12 families.
 Seyyed Dakhil (Persian: سيددخيل‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Dakhīl; also known as Saiyid Dukhil and Seyyed Dakhīl-e Yek) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Grabostów-Bominy [ɡraˈbɔstuf bɔˈminɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zelów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pathabhari is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3439 people living in 709 individual households.
 Czerlejno [t͡ʂɛrˈlɛi̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kostrzyn and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 560.
 Murukkery is located in Viluppuram district Tamil Nadu India. It is a small village in Tindivanam town but a famous one around neighbouring villages. The people in this village usually perform agriculture to survive.
 Berest [ˈbɛrɛst] (Ukrainian: Берест Berest) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynica-Zdrój within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Krynica-Zdrój 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Nowy Sącz and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Qarah Aghaj (Persian: قره اغاج‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj and Qareh Āghāj; also known as Ghareh Aghaj Qaraghāch Qarah Āqāj and Qareh Āqāj) is a village in Deymkaran Rural District Salehabad District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 517 in 111 families.
 Qaleh Sin (Persian: قلعه سين‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sīn) is a village in Pishva Rural District in the Central District of Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2083 in 506 families.
 Zielonka Stara [ʑeˈlɔŋka ˈstara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Zwoleń and 107 km (66 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 290.
 Lakhanapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sulejewo [sulɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Brodnica 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Śrem and 28 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 150.
 Mielnik [ˈmʲɛlɲik] (Ukrainian: Мельник Mel’nyk) is a village in Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mielnik. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Siemiatycze and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 980.Mielnik has a long and rich history. The area of the town was in c.
 Chalabi (Persian: چلبي‎ also Romanized as Chalabī) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Granica [ɡraˈnit͡sa] formerly German Karlsthal is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ińsko within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Ińsko 42 km (26 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 72.
 Aliabad-e Sofla (Persian: علي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Soflá; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 100 families.
 Özkan is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Przylesie [pʂɨˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wijewo within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Abdolabad (Persian: عبدل اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdolābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 761 in 206 families.
 Yaharchi (Persian: يهرچي‎ also Romanized as Yaharchī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 24 families.
 Põvvatu is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Tchórzew [ˈtxuʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Borki 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Lehreijat is a village and rural commune in the Tintane department of Mauritania.
 Łaszka [ˈwaʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztutowo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sztutowo 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Sporwiny [spɔrˈvʲinɨ] (German Sporwienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kharestan-e Sofla (Persian: خارستان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khārestān-e Soflá; also known as Khārestān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 59 families.
 Kakiha (Persian: كاكيها‎ also Romanized as Kākīhā; also known as Kākīel) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Patar (Persian: پتار‎ also Romanized as Patār and Petār; also known as Patr) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 790 in 147 families.
 Tomašica is a village in Croatia with a population of 365 according to the 2011 census.
 Acıpınar is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Natolin Kiernoski [naˈtɔlin kʲɛrˈnɔski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Bzowiec [ˈbzɔvjɛt͡s] (German Beiswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Dobre Miasto and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Mirza Beyg Kandi (Persian: ميررزابيگ كندي‎ also Romanized as Mīrzā Beyg Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 13 families.
 Andami is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India. It is one of the 32 villages of Musugundan Community.
 Koyunpınarı Hanak is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Laski [ˈlaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Parczew and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Necha Bedghari is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4155 people living in 777 individual households.
 Bimalkah (Arabic: بملكة‎ also spelled Bmalkyeh) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Tartus Governorate located 10 kilometers northeast of Tartus.
 Raonići (Serbian: Раонићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Partevtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Aungmye Thazi is a village in Sagaing District in the southeast of the Sagaing Division in Burma. It is located northeast of Okhnebin.
 Babagir (Persian: باباگير‎ also Romanized as Bābāgīr) is a village in Zarneh Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 46 families.
 Dharmawati is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Włosków [ˈvwɔskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kutno and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Nordstrand (or Nordstranda) is a little village area in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the east side of the island of Valderøya. The administrative center of Giske Municipality is Valderhaugstrand an area on the south side of the island that (according to SSB) is part of the Nordstrand urban area.
 Firuzabad Teacher Centre (Persian: مركزتربيت معلم فيروزاباد‎ – Markaz-e Terbīt Mo‘alam-e Fīrūzābād) is a village and teacher centre in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Velika Ivanča (Serbian pronunciation: [ʋělikaː ǐʋantʃa]) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia. The village is 50 kilometres (31 miles) southeast of Belgrade.
 Merixen (also written Mariksene) is a village in the commune of Debdeb in In Amenas District Illizi Province Algeria located on the southern edge of the Grand Erg Oriental.
 Zielina [ʑeˈlina] German Zellin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki (Gemeinde Klein Strehlitz) within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Strzeleczki 11 km (7 mi) west of Krapkowice and 27 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 689.
 Zelinja Srednja is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dębowiec [dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Trzydnik Duży 7 km (4 mi) west of Kraśnik and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Koślinka [kɔˈɕlinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 68 km (42 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Kord Kandi (Persian: كردكندي‎ also Romanized as Kord Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 29 families.
 Dřevěnice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kuleh Kesh (Persian: كوله كش‎ also Romanized as Kūleh Kesh; also known as Kūl Kesh) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 24 families.
 Drożków [ˈdrɔʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żary within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Żary and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 468.
 Mongpong is a small hill village located in the Darjeeling district of West Bengal India. This village is located on the bank of Teesta river. The Teesta river breaks into several streams here. Mongpong is located on the fringe of Mahananda Wildlife Sanctuary and is home to several birds like Brahminy duck Pintail duck Poachard Mallard and Bar-headed goose that come here from Central Asia and Ladakh during winter.
 Stasin [ˈstaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sar Tang (Persian: سرتنگ‎) is a village in Abolfares Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 14 families.
 Klych is a village in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Hoseynabad-e Zandeh (Persian: حسين ابادزنده‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Zandeh; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 455 in 129 families.
 Ab Garmeh (Persian: اب گرمه‎ also Romanized as Āb Garmeh) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 7 families.
 Chorušice is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Esztergályhorváti is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Haralapur is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gurab (Persian: گوراب‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb and Goorab; also known as Gufan and Gurakh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 116 families.
 Glinki-Rafały [ˈɡlinki raˈfawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 93 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Wyczółki [vɨˈt͡ʂuu̯kʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Piszczac 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Saran (Persian: ساران‎ also Romanized as Sārān; also known as Sūrān) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 702 in 167 families.
 Tang-e Huni (Persian: تنگ هوني‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Hūnī) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chmielewo [xmjɛˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stawiski 13 km (8 mi) east of Kolno and 76 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 66.
 Işıklı is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1785 people.
 Kuźnice [kuʑˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Nagłowice 19 km (12 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Poręby Stare [pɔˈrɛmbɨ ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chekak (Persian: چكك‎; also known as Chegak and Jakak) is a village in Kuhmareh Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1224 in 285 families.
 Tujidar (Persian: توجيدر‎ also Romanized as Tūjīdar) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 11 families.
 Zagórzyce [zaɡuˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kazimierza Wielka and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kiralur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Channayan Kote is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Virajpet taluk of Kodagu district in Karnataka.
 Michatun (Persian: ميچاتون‎ also Romanized as Mīchātūn) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Pamon is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Glanów [ˈɡlanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzyciąż within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Trzyciąż 19 km (12 mi) east of Olkusz and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 440.
 Eagle is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1950 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Eagle.
 Jądrowice [jɔndrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bonarów-Działki [bɔˈnaruf ˈd͡ʑau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Zasiadały [zaɕaˈdawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Paduvari is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kundapura taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Hirekumbi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Nahira is a village in Kamrup situated in north bank of river Brahmaputra .
 Będargowo [bɛndarˈɡɔvɔ] (Kashubian: Bãdargòwò; German: Bendargau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Szemud 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 678.
 Asbgaran (Persian: اسبگران‎ also Romanized as Asbgarān and Asb Gerān) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 77 families.
 Trupale is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Moheb Saraj (Persian: محب سراج‎ also Romanized as Moḩeb Sarāj) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 32 families.
 Yörükler is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 194 people.
 Sajjadiyeh (Persian: سجاديه‎ also Romanized as Sajjādīyeh) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Loket is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Bisankhunarayan is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3867 in 707 individual households. Bishankhunarayan is historic place because of popular hindu god Bishnu temple called Bishankhu narayan. Narayan means God Bishnu. In the temple there's a small cave too. In kathmandu vallye four temple called (narayan temple). 1. Bishankhu narayan 2. Shes narayan 3. Budhalinkantha Narayan 4.
 Karizak-e Kohneh (Persian: كاريزك كهنه‎ also Romanized as Kārīzak-e Kohneh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 40 families.
 Mesinak (Persian: مسينك‎ also Romanized as Mesīnak; also known as Mesnīk) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 15 families.
 Mieczysławka [mjɛt͡ʂɨˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Lubartów and 20 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Karabük Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Jowz (Persian: جوز‎ also Romanized as Juz) is a village in Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 355 in 76 families.
 Uhotići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sar Mala (Persian: سرملا‎ also Romanized as Sar Malā; also known as Sarmolleh) is a village in Khesht Rural District Khesht District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 15 families.
 Gdaniec [ˈɡdaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Szczecinek and 133 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Cheshmeh Vesg-e Deli Khomsir (Persian: چشمه وزگ دلي خمسير‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Vesg-e Delī Khomsīr) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 15 families.
 Gunie-Ostrów [ˈɡuɲe ˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Zambrów and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 100.
 Hajij-e Kuchek (Persian: حجيج كوچك‎ also Romanized as Ḩajīj-e Kūchek and Hajīj-e Kūchek) is a village in Sirvan Rural District Nowsud District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Toryan Qeshlaqi (Persian: تريان قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Toryān Qeshlāqī; also known as Toryān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 76 families.
 Nammonggwe is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Bagh-e Anjir (Persian: باغ انجير‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Anjīr) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wola Polska [ˈvɔla ˈpɔlska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zeynabi (Persian: زينبي‎ also Romanized as Zeynabī; also known as Zainubi and Zeynūbī) is a village in Ramkan Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1207 in 277 families.
 Zaviyeh (Persian: زاويه‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh) is a village in Ersi Rural District in the Central District of Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 479 in 143 families.
 Orleans is a village in the northwestern corner of Barton Orleans County Vermont United States. The population was 826 at the 2000 census making it the largest village in Orleans County.
 Rovenj (Persian: رونج‎ also Romanized as Ravanj and Ravinj; also known as Roveyj Rūbanj and Rūnīj) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1835 in 418 families.
 Fashalam (Persian: فشالم‎ also Romanized as Fashālam; also known as Pshalym) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 60 families.
 Khorram Bisheh (Persian: خرمبيشه‎ also Romanized as Khorram Bīsheh) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 91 families.
 Gezik (Persian: گزيك‎ also Romanized as Gezīk; also known as Gezī) is a village in Bakharz Rural District in the Central District of Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 21 families.
 Darakhtbid (Persian: درختبيد‎ also Romanized as Darakhtbīd) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Hesar (Persian: حصار‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār and Zanjānrūd) is a village in Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 731 in 193 families.
 Trenton is a village in Hitchcock County Nebraska United States. The population was 560 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Hitchcock County.
 Taraznahid (Persian: طرازناهيد‎ also Romanized as Ţarāznāhīd and Ţarāz-e Nāhīd; also known as Ţarāz-e Nā’īn and Tarāznāīn) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2391 in 590 families.
 Parsauni Birta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3004 people living in 483 individual households.
 Banfikot is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4452 people living in 853 individual households.
 Narju (Persian: نارجو‎ also Romanized as Nārjū) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 724 in 166 families.
 Nurabad (Persian: نوراباد‎ also Romanized as Nūrābād) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 20 families.
 Sar Choqa-ye Olya (Persian: سرچقاعليا‎ also Romanized as Sar Choqā-ye ‘Olyā and Sar Cheqā ‘Olyā; also known as Sar Chaqā Sar Cheqā Bālā and Sar Chogā Bālā) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 15 families.
 Main (Persian: مائين‎ also Romanized as Mā’īn; also known as Mahīān Māhīn Mā’īnī and Qal‘eh Now-e Mā’īn) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 148 families.
 Odabaşı Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bahar (Persian: بهر‎ also Romanized as Baḩar) is a village in Muran Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2011 in 362 families. The village was chosen as the capital of Qaleh Chenan Rural District when it was created on January 23 2013.
 Pierzchne [ˈpjɛʂxnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Padew Narodowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Padew Narodowa 16 km (10 mi) north of Mielec and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mohammadabad-e Anuri (Persian: محمدابادانوري‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Ānūrī; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shurikeh (Persian: شوريكه‎ also Romanized as Shūrīḵeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lashenlu (Persian: لشنلو‎ also Romanized as Lashenlū; also known as Lashīnlū) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 40 families.
 Choqa Bala-ye Olya (Persian: چقابالاعليا‎ also Romanized as Choqā Bālā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Choqā-ye Bālā) is a village in Parsinah Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 20 families.
 Regentog (Persian: رگنتگ‎; also known as Ragantak Regen Tok and Regentok) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 470 in 101 families.
 Miłość [ˈmiwɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Koziegłowy 9 km (6 mi) west of Myszków and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.In Polish the word Miłość mean love.
 Qorqor (Persian: قرقر‎ also Romanized as Qarqar; also known as Ghorghor) is a village in Kabutarsorkh Rural District in the Central District of Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 684 in 155 families.
 Turek [ˈturɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jakubów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 53 km (33 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Jhajhar is a village situated in the erstwhile province of Shekhawati of Rajasthan India. It is located in the district of Jhunjhunu approximately 7 km from Nawalgarh. Formally it was the part of Pentalisa of Bhojyana.
 Nadirabad (Persian: نديراباد‎ also Romanized as Nadīrābād; also known as Kadrabad Nāderābād Nadīsābād and Nadrābād) is a village in Soltaniyeh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Zawada [zaˈvada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Przysucha and 97 km (60 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Gornje Selo the Upper village is a village and a cadastral in Croatia on the island of Šolta in the Split-Dalmatia County. It is connected by the D111 highway. Gornje Selo village in the interior of the island largely without tourism. The population engaged in farming or are fishermen or seamen. At the beginning of the town is a modern olive oil mill. To place unspoiled bays are on the south coast and east coast of the island.
 Hıdıruşağı is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād; also known as Murādābād) is a village in Khafrak-e Olya Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 69 families.
 Istgah Kheyam (Persian: ايستگاه خيام‎ also Romanized as Īstgāh Kheyām) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Maciejowice [mat͡ɕejɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Maciejowice. It lies in northeastern corner of historic Lesser Poland approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Garwolin and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 1400 and used to be a town from 1507 until 1870.
 Jolly Hill is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Seyyed Kalam Sar (Persian: سيدكلامسر‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Kalām Sar and Seyyed Kolāmsar) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Kestur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Krishnarajanagara taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Bronisławka ([brɔniˈswafka] formerly Bronisławów Osuchowski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Gavandar (Persian: گوندر‎ also Romanized as Gavāndar and Govāndar) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 35 families.
 Bądkowo [bɔntˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Płoty 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Gryfice and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nowzarabad (Persian: نوذراباد‎ also Romanized as Nowz̄arābād; also known as Puzehābād) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1991 in 560 families.
 Jefrud-e Bala (Persian: جفرودبالا‎ also Romanized as Jefrūd-e Bālā; also known as Dzhufru Jafrūd Jefrūd Jīfrūd Jufru and Jufrūd) is a village in Chapar Khaneh Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 119 families.
 Mansureh-ye Sadat (Persian: منصوره سادات‎ also Romanized as Manşūreh-ye Sādāt; also known as Manşūreh Manşūreh-ye Pā’īn Manşūreh-ye Soflá and Manūreh-ye Shay) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 551 in 89 families.
 Palczewo [palˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Ostaszewo 18 km (11 mi) west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Çalışlar' is a village in the District of İscehisar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ponikowo [pɔniˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siekierczyn within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Pelkan-e Sofla (Persian: پلكان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Pelkān-e Soflá) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 98 families.
 Na Sang is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Puli Kiadeh (Persian: پوليكياده‎ also Romanized as Pūlī Kīādeh; also known as Polīkīādeh and Pūl Kīādeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 87 families.
 Chenali-ye Bala (Persian: چنالي بالا‎ also Romanized as Chenālī-ye Bālā) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 26 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Sharabian Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Rahim Beyglui-ye Bala (Persian: رحيم بيگلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Raḩīm Beyglūī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Raḩīm Beyglū-ye Bālā) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 26 families.
 Stara Ruda [ˈstara ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wierzbinek 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Konin and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kahriz-e Bid Sorkh (Persian: كهريزبيدسرخ‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Bīd Sorkh; also known as Kahrīz) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Zerenjin (Persian: زرنجين‎ also Romanized as Zerenjīn) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 53 families.
 Amir ol Mowmenin (Persian: اميرالمومنين‎ also Romanized as Amīr ol Mowmenīn; also known as Emāmzādeh Amīralmomenīn) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 18 families.
 Lubiąż [ˈlubjɔ̃ʂ] (German: Leubus) is a village on the east bank of the Odra (Oder) River in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Wołów and 42 kilometres (26 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław. The village has a population of 2300.The village is mainly known for its large abbey.
 Hadžići (Ključ) is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Teodorówka [tɛɔdɔˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.The village has a population of 53.
 Seyyedabad-e Qajer (Persian: سيدابادقاجر‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād-e Qājer) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 43 families.
 Kandikeh (Persian: كنديكه‎ also Romanized as Kandīkeh; also known as Kandūkeh) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 49 families.
 Radzików [raˈd͡ʑikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 1400.
 Kuşçular Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 138 people.
 Osiek-Aleksandrowo [ˈɔɕɛk alɛksanˈdrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Gołymin-Ośrodek 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Ciechanów and 64 km (40 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Porąbka Uszewska [pɔˈrɔmpka uˈʂɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-east of Dębno 8 km (5 mi) east of Brzesko and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1300.
 Afşar is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 216 people.
 Quilty (Irish: Coillte meaning woods) historically Killty is a small fishing village between Milltown Malbay and Doonbeg in County Clare Ireland. Lobster salmon bass herring and mackerel are landed at Quilty formerly known for its curing industry.The name is thought to come from coillte meaning woods.The Catholic Church is the most prominent building its round tower being visible for miles around the flat countryside. It was built in remembrance of the Leon XIII rescue.
 Henrykowo [xɛnrɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Supraśl and 9 km (6 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Showkatiyeh (Persian: شوكتيه‎ also Romanized as Showkatīyeh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 11 families.
 Kazemi-ye Yek (Persian: كاظمي يك‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emī-ye Yek; also known as Kāz̧emī and Kazemi Ebadi) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 87 families.
 Witów [ˈvituf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Irządze within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Irządze 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Przykop [ˈpʂɨkɔp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Purda and 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 370.
 Leersum (52°1′N 5°26′E) is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug and lies about 9 km west of Veenendaal.In 2001 the town of Leersum had 6013 inhabitants. The built-up area of the town was 1.44 km² and contained 2465 residences.Until 2006 there was a separate municipality Leersum covering both the village of Leersum and Darthuizen.
 Qanat-e Zangal (Persian: قناتزنگل‎ also Romanized as Qanāt-e Zangal) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 16 families.
 Nowe Sójki [ˈnɔvɛ ˈsui̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 140.
 Makarówka [makaˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Huszlew 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Łosice and 129 km (80 mi) east of Warsaw.
 For other uses see Eagle's Nest.Eagle Nest is a village in Colfax County New Mexico United States. The population was 306 at the 2000 census. Situated on the Enchanted Circle Highway Eagle Nest is a small summer-home and resort area. Originally named Therma the village was renamed Eagle Nest in the 1930s.
 Teymurabad (Persian: تيموراباد‎ also Romanized as Teymūrābād) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 345 in 75 families.
 Pain Tanu Rud (Persian: پائين تنورود‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Tanū Rūd; also known as Tanū Rūd) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Domaniewice [dɔmaɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Yukarıkuyucak is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Janówek [jaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Portinho is a town on São Tomé Island in the nation of São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Selan is a village in the municipality of Bogovë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Haffar (Persian: حفار‎ also Romanized as Ḩaffār and Haffār) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 39 families.
 Edanad is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Łokacz Mały [ˈwɔkat͡ʂ ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krzyż Wielkopolski 35 km (22 mi) west of Czarnków and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mohsenabad (Persian: محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 30 families.
 Avin-e Masjedlu (Persian: اوين مسجدلو‎ also Romanized as Āvīn-e Masjedlū; also known as Āvīn) is a village in Kandovan Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 617 in 153 families.
 Mowhub (Persian: موهوب‎ also Romanized as Mowhūb) is a village in Sirch Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Võduvere is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It lies on the left bank of the Loobu River just southwerst of Kadrina the adiministrative centre of the municipality.
 Jafari-ye Shebeshi (Persian: جعفري شبيشي‎ also Romanized as Jaʿfarī-ye Shebeshī) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 28 families.
 Jamanal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Carrigadrohid: (Carraig an Droichid- 'The rock of the bridge') is a village in County Cork Ireland situated on the north bank of the River Lee (Laoi) with the nearby village nucleus of Canovee (Ceann an Mhaighe)- The head of the plain) to the south.
 Qotbabad-e Kohareh (Persian: قطب ابادكهره‎ also Romanized as Qoţbābād-e Kohareh; also known as Ghotb Abad Kuhawad Kūrwād Kūrwēd Kutawad Qoţbābād Qoţbābād-e Gohareh and Qoţbābād-e Gohreh) is a village in Gohreh Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 187 families.
 Rokicie [rɔˈkit͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Mochowo 15 km (9 mi) west of Sierpc and 125 km (78 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Występa [vɨsˈtɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Łączna 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 14 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 380.
 Zabrdica is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 462 people.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Sharqi Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 22 families.
 N'Tjila is a village and seat of the commune of Wateni in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. It is 94 km west-northwest of Sikasso.
 Tuł [tuu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klembów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Klembów 12 km (7 mi) east of Wołomin and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Zajaruga (Cyrillic: Зајаруга) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sztabin [ˈʂtabin] (Lithuanian: Štabinas Stabinis) - is a village in Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sztabin. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-east of Augustów and 63 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 920.
 Klępczewo [klɛmpˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] (formerly German Klemzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Świdwin and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 850.
 Santocko [sanˈtɔt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kłodawa and 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] (German: Damerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Yal Dagarmani (Persian: يل دگرماني‎ also Romanized as Yal Dagarmānī; also known as Takleh Yal Dagīrmānī and Yaldakarmānī) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 43 families.
 Kerik (Persian: كريك‎ also Romanized as Kerīk and Kerrik) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1098 in 278 families.
 Mafand Ab (Persian: مافنداب‎ also Romanized as Māfand Āb; also known as Māqandāb) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 24 families.
 Elankur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India near manjeri.Most of the people in this village are farmers.
 About this sound Bocanovice (Polish: Boconowice ) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has 428 inhabitants (2001 census) 30.9% of the population are ethnic Poles and 80.8% are Roman Catholics.It is situated on the foothills of the Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain range in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia. Lomná River flows through the village.
 Mowtowr-e Mehiya Sadeqi (Persian: موتورمهياصادقي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mehīyā Şādeqī) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Małe Turze [ˈmawɛ ˈtuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Tczew and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Darband (Persian: دربند‎) is a village in Darjazin Rural District in the Central District of Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Dužice is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Codpa (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkoðpa]) is a village located 114 kilometres (71 mi) to the south of Arica in the Chilean commune of Camarones in the region of Arica and Parinacota Chile.It is located 1852 metres (6076 ft) above sea level and in a valley of the same name. It is a small village of Hispanic origin located in a mountain range with a tempered climate and well-known pure water. Its narrow valley is exceedingly fertile suitable for most types of fruit trees particularly guava.
 Bystrzyna [bɨsˈtʂɨna] (formerly German Beustrin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Świdwin and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bielejewo [bjɛlɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostroróg within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ostroróg 16 km (10 mi) west of Szamotuły and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pishgur (Persian: پيشگور‎ also Romanized as Pīshgūr) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sarvemäe is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Konopnica [kɔnɔpˈnit͡sa] is a village in Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Konopnica. It lies approximately 20 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 740.
 Western is a village in Saline County Nebraska United States. The population was 235 at the 2010 census.
 Pogorszewo [pɔɡɔrˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Lębork and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 343.
 Sheykhanbar (Persian: شيخانبر‎ also Romanized as Sheykhānbar; also known as Sheikhaneh Sar and Sheykhānehvar) is a village in Layalestan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 952 in 273 families.
 Barwałd Dolny [ˈbarvau̯t ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wadowice and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 699.
 Pacará is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Tigadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bailhongal taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Goygol is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Meserkhan (Persian: مصرخان‎ also Romanized as Meşerkhān; also known as Mesterkhān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 16 families.
 Líšný is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Taquetúyoj is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Bieniewo-Wieś [bjɛˈɲɛvɔ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Shekaruyeh (Persian: شكروييه‎ also Romanized as Shekarūyeh; also known as Shakaru Shekaroo and Shekarū) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 29 families.
 Przydarłów [pʂɨˈdarwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozielice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pyrzyce and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dzisna [ˈd͡ʑisna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przybiernów 16 km (10 mi) north of Goleniów and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Sar Cheshmeh (Persian: سرچشمه‎) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Siahumeh-ye Kohneh (Persian: سياحومه كهنه‎ also Romanized as Sīāḩūmeh-ye Kohneh) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 12 families.
 Yam Cheshmeh (Persian: يام چشمه‎ also Romanized as Yām Cheshmeh and Yām Chashmeh; also known as Yān Chashmeh) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District Ziaabad District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 14 families.
 Rodopsko (Bulgarian: Родопско) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 192.316 kilometres (119.500 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 3.014 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 37 people.
 Sevarin (Persian: صورين‎ also Romanized as Şevarīn; also known as Şūrī and Sūry) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 657 in 146 families.
 Chaman Laleh (Persian: چمن لاله‎ also Romanized as Chaman Lāleh; also known as Chaman) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 84 families.
 Mamadah (Persian: ممده‎; also known as Moḩammadeh) is a village in Dizaj Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Twierdzielewo [tfjɛrd͡ʑɛˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Przytoczna 10 km (6 mi) north of Międzyrzecz 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 67 km (42 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Brownville is a village in Nemaha County Nebraska United States. The population was 132 at the 2010 census.
 Varesabad (Persian: وارث اباد‎ also Romanized as Vāres̄ābād; also known as Varavasht) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Doctor Ricardo Rojas is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Pomianowo [pɔmjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kozluca' is a village in the District of Hocalar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Nowy Ludwików [ˈnɔvɨ ludˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Skierniewice and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Navi-ye Shest (Persian: ناوي شصت‎ also Romanized as Nāvī-ye Sheṣt) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād; also known as Kasiabad Yang-Kalekh Yang Qal‘eh and Yengī Qal‘eh) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 Ambhanjyang is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6562 people living in 1159 individual households.
 Arikesavanallur is a village in Ambasamuthiram Taluk Tirunelveli district Tamil Nadu India. This village derives its name from the King Nindraseer Nedumaran who was also called as Harikesa.This village is known for the Temple of Lord Shiva Ariyanadaswamy Temple. This temple is more than 1100 years old.
 Puesto Sey is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Władysławów [vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Zgierz and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Darreh Tak Darkhalk (Persian: دره تاك دارخلك‎ also Romanized as Darreh Tāḵ Dārkhalḵ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Kaleh Chub (Persian: مزرعه كله چوب‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Kaleh Chūb) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazeh Qaleh (Persian: مازه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Māzeh Qal‘eh) is a village in Cheshmeh Langan Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Pulavarnatham is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sipkhana is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 2012 Nepal census it had a population of 10000 people living in 1200 individual households.
 Pariisi is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kotwasice [kɔtfaˈɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Malanów 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Turek and 111 km (69 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 859.
 Karkasheh (Persian: كركشه‎ also Romanized as Gargasheh) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 14 families.
 Dzięglewo [d͡ʑɛnˈɡlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mowtowr-e Mirak (Persian: موتور ميرک‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mīrak) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 8 families.
 Khareh-ye Aghlan (Persian: خره اغلان‎ also Romanized as Khareh-ye Āghlān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Elmapınar is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Air Force Camp (Persian: اردوگاه نيروي هوايي‎ – Ardūgāh-e Nīrvī-ye Havāyī) is a village and military installation in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 12 families.
 Kalaj (Persian: كالج‎ also Romanized as Kālaj; also known as Kālach and Kelaj) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 16 families.
 Kurczątki [kurˈt͡ʂɔntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Prostki 20 km (12 mi) south of Ełk and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Azaran (Persian: ازران‎ also Romanized as Āzarān Āzerān and Azrān; also known as Āzar) is a village in Golab Rural District Barzok District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1017 in 292 families.
 Markowice [markɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Koziegłowy 11 km (7 mi) west of Myszków and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.
 Gölova Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kamar Ab (Persian: كمراب‎ also Romanized as Kamar Āb) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 47 families.
 Przesieczna [pʂɛˈɕɛt͡ʂna] (German: Andersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radwanice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Alihocalı is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Bhoopgarhi is a small village in the Meerut district of Uttar Pradesh near the Vikas Khand administrative region of Jani Khurd on the Bagpat road.The village was established in 1910 by Chaudhary Bhoopat Singh Teotia who came from Bhatona village in Bulandshahar West Uttar Pradesh. It is also associated with former prime minister This is a historical village blong to former prime minister Chaudhary Charan Singh.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Sultānābād) is a village in Vakilabad Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2067 in 468 families.
 Chah-e Khoda Morad Ravidal (Persian: چاه خدامرادرويدل‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Khodā Morād Ravīdal) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 11 families.
 Deh-e Tak (Persian: ده تك‎ also Romanized as Deh Tak; also known as Deh Tark and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Darreh Doran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Ranjaki (Persian: رنجكي‎ also Romanized as Ranjaḵī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 15 families.
 Droum is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Bukowa [buˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Brzostek 23 km (14 mi) south of Dębica and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Čungula is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 419 people.
 Rokicie [rɔˈkit͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Stara Dąbrowa 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Onwe is a village in the Ejisu-Juaben Municipal district a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
 Sar Tang (Persian: سرتنگ‎; also known as Sar Tang-e Maḩmūd) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 10 families.
 Samal-e Jonubi (Persian: سمل جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Samal-e Jonūbī) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1067 in 271 families.
 Łąka [ˈwɔnka] (German Lonkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczyna within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Pszczyna and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2690.
 Velika Biljanica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 516 people.
 Ahmadabad-e Shadjerd (Persian: احمدابادشادجرد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Shādjerd; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Shāhjerd) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Łasków [ˈwaskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mircze 21 km (13 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Elfinwild Pennsylvania is an unincorporated village in Allegheny County Pennsylvania. It is part of Hampton and Shaler Township. Pine Creek runs through it.
 Mohammadjan-e Falak ol Din (Persian: محمدجان فلك الدين‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadjān-e Falak ol Dīn and Moḩammadjān-e Falak od Dīn; also known as Moḩammadjān) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 50 families.
 Khanikhola is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3127 people living in 512 individual households.
 Józefów-Kolonia [juˈzɛfuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Słupia Nadbrzeżna [ˈswupja nadˈbʐɛʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Tarłów 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Opatów and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Azna (Persian: ازنا‎ also Romanized as Aznā) is a village in Silakhor Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 129 families.
 Khaneh Khatun (Persian: خانه خاتون‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Khātūn Khāneh-Ye Khātūn and Khaneh Khatoon; also known as Jān Khātūn Khān-e Khātūn Khān-i-Khātūn and Khān Khātūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 67 families.
 Hayaviyeh (Persian: حياويه‎ also Romanized as Ḩayāvīyeh and Ḩayāvīyyeh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 41 families.
 Shurab-e Mahmudvand (Persian: شوراب محمودوند‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Maḩmūdvand; also known as Maḩmūdvand and Shūrāb-e Moḩammadvand) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 111 families.
 Chrostowo [xrɔsˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jedwabne 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Łomża and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kalateh-ye Naseri (Persian: كلاته ناصري‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Nāşerī; also known as Nāşerī and Shepeshū) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kiveh Nan (Persian: كيوه نان‎ also Romanized as Kīveh Nān and Keyveh Nān; also known as Kīvanān Kīvenān and Kīyānān) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 87 families.
 Qolteq Shah (Persian: قلتقشاه‎ also Romanized as Qolteq Shāh; also known as Qūltūq Shāh) is a village in Esfarjan Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemków within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Przemków 16 km (10 mi) west of Polkowice and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 331.
 Włochy [ˈvwɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Słupia within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Nowa Słupia and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 290.
 Grądki Dolne [ˈɡrɔntki ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 12.
 Kamalvand-e Golamali (Persian: كمالوندغلامعلي‎ also Romanized as Kamālvand-e Gholām ʿAlī and Kamālvand-e Golām‘alī; also known as Kamālvand) is a village in Dehpir Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 717 in 172 families.
 Karakayalı is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Zdziechów Nowy [ˈzd͡ʑexuf ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Lutomiersk 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 19 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 30.
 Czermno [ˈt͡ʂɛrmnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tyszowce 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.In the early Middle Ages Czerwien/Czermno was one of the largest Slavic gords of this part of Europe.
 Podhorce [pɔtˈxɔrt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Werbkowice 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Hrubieszów and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 La Candelaria (Salta) is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Alvai or Alvaay (Tamil: அல்வாய் Alvāy) is a coastal village in Vadamaraadchi northern Jaffna Peninsula Sri Lanka. It is located 30 kilometers (19 mi) from the city of Jaffna or 5 kilometers (3.1 mi) from the town of Point Pedro.Panai Munai (Point Palmyra) the northern most point of Sri Lanka is in Alvai.
 Sajóvámos is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Alurak (Persian: الورك‎ also Romanized as Ālūrak) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Wola [ˈvɔla] is a large village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedźna within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Pszczyna and 28 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has an approximate population of 9500 making Poland's fourth largest village.
 Jasenovac is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina located east of the town of Bosanski Petrovac on the M5 road (part of E761) to Ključ between the villages Bravski Vaganac and Bravsko.In 1991 the village had a total population of 430 people; 424 Serbs 4 Yugoslavs and 2 Others/Unknown.
 Marcinkowo [mart͡ɕiŋˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Inowrocław 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Toruń and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Bajdyty [bai̯ˈdɨtɨ] (German: Beyditten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Bartoszyce and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Zimin [ˈʑimin] (German: Wintersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Żelazków [ʐɛˈlaskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Słupca and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sar Gaz (Persian: سرگز‎; also known as Sarguz) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Baran [ˈbaran] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mniów and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 89.
 Taco Pozo is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qaderabad (Persian: قادراباد‎ also Romanized as Qāderābād) is a village in Biabanak Rural District in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 22 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Salehan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Nayib-e Lajehi (Persian: نايب لجه اي‎ also Romanized as Nāyīb-e Lajeh’ī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 33 families.
 Gana [ˈɡana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Praszka 24 km (15 mi) north of Olesno and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Gozd [ɡɔst] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Ryki and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zawonia [zaˈvɔɲa] (German: Schawoine 1936-45 Blüchertal) is a village in Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Zawonia. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Trzebnica and 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nowa Wólka [ˈnɔva ˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spiczyn within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Fay-ye Hajj Aghbary (Persian: فاي حاج اجبارئ‎ also Romanized as Fāy-ye Ḩājj Āghbāry; also known as Fā-ye Bālā Fā-ye ‘Olyā and Nāy-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Julaki Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 7 families.
 Balaband (Persian: بالابند‎ also Romanized as Bālāband) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 107 families.
 Shureh-ye Bala (Persian: شوره بالا‎ also Romanized as Shūreh-ye Bālā; also known as Shūreh and Shūrjeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Garakan Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gahen-e Shavamel (Persian: گاهن شوامل‎ also Romanized as Gāhen-e Shavāmel) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 40 families.
 Qaleh Now (Persian: قلعه نو‎ also Romanized as Qal`eh Now) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Luboszewy [lubɔˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Lubochnia 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wymysłów [vɨˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies exactly 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Działoszyce 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mahmud Kolahi (Persian: محمودكلاهي‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūd Kolāhī; also known as Maḩmūd Kalāghī) is a village in Takht Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 38 families.
 Sartel (Persian: سرتل‎; also known as Sūtel) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 11 families.
 Tamachi (Persian: طمچي‎ also Romanized as Ţamachī and Tamchī; also known as Ţameh Chī) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 85 families.
 Klucze [ˈklut͡ʂɛ] is a village in Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Klucze. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Olkusz and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 5926. Religions: Roman Catholicism (The Church).
 Sholdan (Persian: شلدان‎ also Romanized as Sholdān and Shaldān; also known as Shaldūn) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 9 families.
 Bogdaszowice [bɔɡdaʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kąty Wrocławskie and 19 kilometres (12 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bahu Jamalpur (बहू जमालपुर) also known as Chhoti Bahu (छोटी बहू) is a village in Rohtak District Haryana India.
 Słupice [swuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Pakosławice 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Nysa and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Słupcza [ˈswupt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Dwikozy 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Sandomierz and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Donja Šušaja is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 342 people.
 Patok [ˈpatɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gornja Misoča is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Widugiery [viduˈɡʲɛrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Puńsk 10 km (6 mi) north of Sejny and 121 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Medynia Łańcucka [mɛˈdɨɲa waɲˈt͡sut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Łańcut County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 900.
 Mohammadabad-e Sharqi (Persian: محمدابادشرقي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Sharqī; also known as Mo’ammadābād-e Sharqī and Bolverīān) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 76 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 62 families.
 Jasieniec [jaˈɕeɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 ''''Nadwasarai is a small village situated 8 km away from Ghosi in Mau district Uttar Pradesh.It is a typical village with a population of approximately 7-8000 people.The village does not have a reliable 24 hour electricity supply and amenities are basic . In 2005 a telephone exchange was constructed It was the first village in India where The Human Resource Development Foundation (HRDF)[1] established a school. The school was opened in 1990 and is called Bal Shishu Niketan.
 Chodorówka Stara [xɔdɔˈrufka ˈstara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bromierzyk [brɔˈmjɛʐɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Staroźreby 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Płock and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kapaklı is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 134 people.
 Haveli Majoka is a small village located at the Jhelum River in Pakistan. The geographical coordinates are 31° 49' 37 North 72° 15' 39 East. The village comprises almost only a single tribe the Majoka. That is also the reason for the name Haveli being the word of for a large house with courtyard.
 Stoczki-Porąbki [ˈstɔt͡ʂki pɔˈrɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dłutów 14 km (9 mi) south of Pabianice and 28 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Soranjeh (Persian: سرنجه‎ also Romanized as Sarenjeh and Serenjeh) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 38 families.
 Targonie Wielkie [tarˈɡɔɲɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Zawady and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ocloyas (Jujuy) is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Dragičina (Cyrillic: Драгићина) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Grude.
 Ortaköy is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Dobra Voda is a village in the municipality of Modriča Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karuppurpadugai is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Ceber [ˈt͡sɛbɛr] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Bogoria 15 km (9 mi) north of Staszów and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 188.
 Dębowa Góra [dɛmˈbɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Chojnice and 92 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Havir (Persian: حوير‎ also Romanized as Ḩavīr and Ḩoveyr; also known as Havair and Huvīr) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 37 families.
 Shur Daraq-e Sofla (Persian: شوردرق سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shūr Daraq-e Soflá; also known as Shūr Daraq and Shūr Daraq-e Pā'īn) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 45 families.
 Saldi is a village in the Mehsana District Gujarat India Pin Code 382730 situated on State Highway 217 between Gandhinagar and Mehsana. Saldi represents a typical countryside village of India. It borders the following villages: langhnaj Veda Parsa Charadu Vadasma Shankarpura Khata Amba Khoraj and Himatpura.
 Svetlina Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Stawowiczki [stavɔˈvit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Paradyż 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kiezmark [ˈkʲɛzmark] (German Käsemark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Cedry Wielkie 20 km (12 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 370.
 Kiryat Luza (Hebrew: קרית לוזה‎ Arabic: قرية لوزة‎) is a Samaritan village on Mount Gerizim near Nablus West Bank. It is the last wholly Samaritan village half of their population living there in existence and contains the museum of the Samaritans. Kiryat Luza is adjacent to the Israeli settlement of Har Bracha. Until the 1980s most of the Samaritans resided in Nablus below Mount Gerizim. The Samaritans relocated to Kiryat Luza as a result of violence during the First Intifada.
 Bagtash (Persian: بگتاش‎ also Romanized as Bagtāsh; also known as Bailāsh and Baktāsh) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3198 in 756 families.
 Shamzan-e Hiyet (Persian: شمزان هيئت‎ also Romanized as Shamzān-e Hīyet) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 470 in 91 families.
 Mashgiri (Persian: ماشگيري‎ also Romanized as Māshgīrī; also known as Mushgari Mūshgīrī and Mūsh Gīrī) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 30 families.
 Dubiel [ˈdubjɛl] (German: Dubiel 1928–38:Neuwalde 1938–45:Daubel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 203.
 Modecin [mɔˈdɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dobre 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 52 km (32 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Sarmast (Persian: سرمست‎) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1269 in 245 families.
 Naluki (Persian: نلوكي‎ also Romanized as Nalūkī; also known as Nūrābād-e Nalūkī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 50 families.
 Yurtbaşı is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Jankowo [janˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakość within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Pakość 14 km (9 mi) west of Inowrocław 40 km (25 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Valashed (Persian: ولاشد‎ also Romanized as Valāshed; also known as Valāshed-e Bālā) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 507 in 141 families.
 Jartudeh (Persian: جرتوده‎ also Romanized as Jartūdeh and Jartūdah) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 138 families.
 Podławki [pɔdˈwafki] (German Podlacken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Barciany 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 190.
 Yeniçay is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the south of Tarsus and on the west bank of Berdan River. Its distance to Tarsus is 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) and to Mersin is 33 kilometres (21 mi). The population of Yeniçay was 142 as of 2012.
 Ocaklı Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 939 people.
 Garmabalah-ye Olya (Persian: گرمابله عليا‎ also Romanized as Garmābalah-ye ‘Olyā and Garmāvaleh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 21 families.
 Balka also Balke is a village and seaside resort midway between Nexø and Snogebæk on the southwest coast of the Danish island of Bornholm. As of 2014 it has a population of 229. It is best known for its wide beach with fine white sand.
 Wyszowatka [vɨʂɔˈvatka] (Ukrainian: Вишоватка Vyshovatka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna within Jasło County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia.
 Noski [ˈnɔski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceranów within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lubochnia [luˈbɔxɲa] is a village in Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubochnia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 684.
 Tolombeh-ye Hajj Hoseyn Khubiyari (Persian: تلمبه حاج حسين خوبياري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩājj Ḩoseyn Khūbīyārī) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Purdi is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Kaniew [ˈkaɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Koźmin Wielkopolski 13 km (8 mi) north of Krotoszyn and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Jeżyczki [jɛˈʐɨt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Darłowo 19 km (12 mi) west of Sławno and 158 km (98 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 330.
 Yolağzı is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Karat-e Kalleh (Persian: كرات كله‎ also Romanized as Karāt-e Kalleh; also known as Karāt-e Kalleh-ye Bozorg) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 64 families.
 Małuszów [maˈwuʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Sulęcin 42 km (26 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Borovčići (Serbian: Боровчићи) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Ersi Rural District in the Central District of Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 674 in 187 families.
 Palacherla is a village situated in East Godavari district in Visakhapatnam region in Andhra Pradesh State India.
 Sarvepally is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Atmakur mandal.
 Przystałowice Duże [pʂɨstawɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Klwów 14 km (9 mi) north of Przysucha and 85 km (53 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Sayeban (Persian: سايبان‎ also Romanized as Sāyebān) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 26 families.
 Krobica [krɔˈbit͡sa] (German: Krobsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Mirsk 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 121 kilometres (75 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 360.
 Zacisze [zaˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Yevlaq (Persian: يولاق‎ also Romanized as Yevlāq) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 14 families.
 Czołomyje [t͡ʂɔwɔˈmɨjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Mordy 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 101 km (63 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Emamzadeh Ali (Persian: امامزاده علي‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh ‘Alī; also known as Emāmzādeh ‘Alī Farīm) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 40 families.
 Mehrabani (Persian: مهرباني‎ also Romanized as Mehrabānī) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Janopole [janɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nehzatabad (Persian: نهضت اباد‎ also Romanized as Nehẕatābād) is a village in Cheshmeh Langan Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 665 in 148 families.
 Aleksandrów [alɛkˈsandruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Strzelce 11 km (7 mi) north of Kutno and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bronisławki [brɔniˈswafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujście within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Ujście 21 km (13 mi) south of Piła and 65 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 200.
 Bachmatówka [baxmaˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sokółka and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mominpet is a village and a Mandal in Rangareddi district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Piasek [ˈpjasɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Stąporków 9 km (6 mi) east of Końskie and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 100.
 Nasierowo Dolne [naɕɛˈrɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek 7 km (4 mi) east of Ciechanów and 73 km (45 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Bahram Gonbad (Persian: بهرام گنبد‎ also Romanized as Bahrām Gonbad; also known as Bahrām Ābād) is a village in Seylatan Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 29 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 5 families.
 Krawce [ˈkraft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grębów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Tarnobrzeg and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Khorasaneh (Persian: خراسانه‎ also Romanized as Khorāsāneh) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 12 families.
 Gedik Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Saqdar (Persian: ساقدر‎ also Romanized as Sāqdar and Sagdar) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 75 families.
 Khvajeh Shamsi (Persian: خواجه شمسي‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Shamsī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 39 families.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 260.
 Taleh Mian (Persian: تله ميان‎ also Romanized as Taleh Mīān; also known as Talamaneh) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Jablanica (Višegrad) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Trękus [ˈtrɛnkus] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Purda and 10 km (6 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Bystre [ˈbɨstrɛ] (Ukrainian: Бистре Bystre) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Czarna 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Fashian (Persian: فشيان‎ also Romanized as Fashīān Fashiyan and Fashyān; also known as Fashium) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 552 in 89 families.
 Rajki [ˈrai̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Bielsk Podlaski and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bački Sokolac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачки Соколац) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bačka Topola municipality in the North Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 609 people (2002 census).
 Kidanganad is a village in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Shaftalu Bagh-e Olya (Persian: شفتالوباغ عليا‎ also Romanized as Shaftālū Bāgh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shaftālū Bāgh-e Bālā) is a village in Aq Altin Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1798 in 328 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Boniad Amur Jangazdegan (Persian: مزرعه بنيادامور جنگزدگان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bonīād Amūr Jangazdegān) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Habibabad (Persian: حبيب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩabībābād) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 20 families.
 Wólka Łukowska [ˈvulka wuˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Maków Mazowiecki and 73 km (45 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Grzędy [ˈɡʐɛndɨ] (German: Konradswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Bór within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Chandrugonda (Telugu: చంద్రుగొండ) is a Village and Mandal in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Bibi Janabad (Persian: بي بي جان اباد‎ also Romanized as Bībī Jānābād; also known as Bābā’ī Bābā’ī Jānābād and Jānābād) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 928 in 197 families.
 Tân Mỹ is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Chợ Mới District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Til Khani (Persian: تيل خاني‎ also Romanized as Tīl Khānī) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 18 families.
 Słowiki Nowe [swɔˈviki ˈnɔvɛ] or Nowe Słowiki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. The name means New Słowiki (it is close to the village of Stare Słowiki which means Old Słowiki). The word słowiki in Polish means nightingales.It lies on voivodeship road 738 approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sieciechów 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Kozienice and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Manattara is nearby place of Neerattupuram. It is a Upper Kuttanad area and the bank of Pampa River. It is home to the old Subramanya temple.Ramavarmapurathu Tharavadu was located in Manattara.Judge Ammavan who is worshiped in the famous Cheruvally Devi Temple hails from this family.Now the original Tharavadu got branched into different families like Ramavarmapurathu-ThoppilRamavarmapurathu- MadothilaraoduRamavarmapurathu-Padinjareveedu etc..
 Tres Lagos is a village and municipality in Santa Cruz Province in southern Argentina.
 Górka [ˈɡurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wicko 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Lębork and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 90.
 Al-Khalidiyah (Arabic: الخالدية‎ also spelled Khaldiyeh) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate south of Hama. Nearby localities include Kafr Buhum to the southwest Ayyubiyah to the south Maarin al-Jabal to the southeast al-Jinan to the east and Surayhin to the northeast. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics al-Khalidiyah had a population of 4740 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
 Prusowy Borek [pruˈsɔvɨ ˈbɔrɛk] (German: Prussowborrek; 1932-45: Preussenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Szczytno and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Plašće is a village in the municipality of Priboj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 85 people.
 Baskhaur is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6738 people living in 1122 individual households.
 Kahu Shivapur is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6162 people living in 927 individual households.
 Albinów [alˈbinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Meghaul is a panchayat village of Khodabandpur taluk Begusarai district Bihar India.The village is situated 36.5 km from Begusarai as well as 12.1 km from Rosera between these two cities. Meghaul is located on the bank of the Burhi Gandak River.[citation needed] Meghaul is having very old history this village is known for its bravery. There are more than 10 freedom fighter who fought for the country and sacrifice themselves for the sake of country. Shahid Radha Pd Singh Lt.
 Dąbrówka Wielkopolska [dɔmˈbrufka vjɛlkɔˈpɔlska] (German: Groß Dammer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zbąszynek 20 km (12 mi) east of Świebodzin 44 km (27 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 1300.
 Dimeh Sorkh (Persian: ديمه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Dīmeh Sorkh) is a village in Zakharuiyeh Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 24 families.
 Darreh-ye Badam (Persian: دره بادام‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Bādām) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 584 in 133 families.
 Sikron is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2862 people living in 559 individual households.
 Indainggale is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Khvoshalan (Persian: خوش الان‎ also Romanized as Khvoshālān; also known as Khvosh Owlān) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 51 families.
 Asau is situated on the north west coast of Savai'i island in Samoa. It is the capital village of the Vaisigano political district and serves as the main business centre at the west end of the island.Asau was the centre of the timber industry in Samoa with logging of native forests. In the 1960s a new wharf was completed at Asau for the lumbering operations of an American company Potlatch Corporation.
 Ri Ru (Persian: ري رو‎ also Romanized as Rī Rū) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piasecznia [pjaˈsɛt͡ʂɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kadzidło 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 116 km (72 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 360.
 Drzymałowo [dʐɨmaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rakoniewice 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gelgelab (Persian: گل گلاب‎ also Romanized as Gelgelāb; also known as Kal Kalāb) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 24 families.
 Ograđenovac (Serbian: Ограђеновац) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kalan Kurd (Persian: كلان كورد‎ also Romanized as Kalān Kūrd) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 20 families.
 Örcün is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Talkheh Dan Mahtab (Persian: تلخه دان مهتاب‎ also Romanized as Talkheh Dān Mahtāb) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łoskoń Stary [ˈwɔskɔɲ ˈstarɨ] known also as Stary Łoskoń (Old Łoskoń) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Murowana Goślina and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań. It is close to a small lake (Łoskoń Lake) and expanses of forest.
 Büyüksürmeli is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 55 people.
 Mozaffarabad (Persian: مظفراباد‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affarābād; also known as Moz̧affarābād-e Rāyen and Muzaffarābād) is a village in Rayen Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 21 families.
 Khalanga (Darchula) is a town and Village Development Committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. It is the district headquarters. The town is located near the Mahakali River which is the border with Uttarakhand state India. Indian and Nepalese nationals cross unrestricted however there is a customs checkpoint for goods.
 Zarrin Darreh (Persian: زرين دره‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Darreh) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Yergol is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Yadgir Taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka. It has a famous temple of Shri Gavisiddeshwara Samsthana Matha and also Uttaradi math.
 Tupper Lake is a village in Franklin County New York. The population was 3667 at the 2010 census. The village takes its name from a nearby lake which in turn is the name of a surveyor (Ansel Norton Tupper) who drowned there while fishing.The Village of Tupper Lake is in the Town of Tupper Lake. The town and the village are in the southwest part of the county.Tupper Lake is home to the The Wild Center a 54000 square feet (5000 m2) natural history center on a 31 acres (130000 m2) campus.
 Kuh-e Dera (Persian: كوه درا‎ also Romanized as Kūh-e Derā Kūh-e Darā and Kuh-i-Dera; also known as Kūh-e Dareh) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 13 families.
 Pierson is a community located in the Rural Municipality of Edward in southwestern Manitoba. It has a current population of about 250 people though this number is in flux due to the large number of oil workers working in the area.Pierson is home to the Carnival of Crafts which averages an attendance of 1700 people. This event takes place at the Edward Sports Center on the first Saturday in October.
 Chapoli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Pieszkowice [pjɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village live in the administrative district of Gmina Polkowice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kuiaru is a village in Tori Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Latowicz [laˈtɔvit͡ʂ] is a village in Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Latowicz. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 60 km (37 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1429.
 Novaki Petrovinski is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Ruy Gach (Persian: روي گچ‎ also Romanized as Rūy Gach) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 12 families.
 Świątniki [ɕfjɔntˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wolbórz 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Saadatabad (Persian: سادات اباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādatābād) is a village in Padena-ye Sofla Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1585 in 364 families.
 Stubla is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 119 people.
 Raszowice [raʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Jaryszek [jaˈrɨʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Szwejki Wielkie [ˈʂfɛi̯ki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sadkowice 17 km (11 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Łomna [ˈwɔmna] (Ukrainian: Лімна) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Bircza 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Bornabad (Persian: برن آباد‎ also Romanized as Bornābād and Barnābād; also known as Bornābād-e Bālā (Persian: برناباد بالا) also Romanized as Bornābād Bālā) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 53 families.
 Uiya is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1728 and had 382 houses.
 Lichtaard is a small village in Ferwerderadiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 77 citizens (2004).
 Bath is a village in Steuben County New York United States. The population was 5641 at the 2000 census. Bath is the county seat of Steuben County.
 Dolní Pohleď is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Gierłachowo [ɡʲɛrwaˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Soku is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Cham-e Zir (Persian: چم زير‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Zīr; also known as Cham-e Rīz and Chamrīz) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 79 families.
 Kalateh-ye Mohammadabad (Persian: كلاته محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Moḩammadābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Shāh Moḩammad) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Prace Duże [ˈprat͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Tarczyn 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 29 km (18 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Lipiny Górne-Lewki [liˈpinɨ ˈɡurnɛ ˈlɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Potok Górny 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 95 km (59 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 358.
 Allah Dad-e Zehi (Persian: اله داد زهي‎ also Romanized as Allāh Dād-e Zehī; also known as Aldād Zehī Allāhābād Allāh Dād Allāh Dād Zā’ī Allāh Zā’ī Allāhzī and Ilāhdād) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 40 families.
 Kujnik is a village in municipality of Oriovac in the central part of Brod-Posavina County.
 Koniec [ˈkɔɲet͡s] (translation: The End) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Stary Zamość 9 km (6 mi) north of Zamość and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 860.
 Kuhuiyeh (Persian: كوهوييه‎ also Romanized as Kūhū’īyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łąg-Kolonia [ˈwɔnk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 404.
 Mazraeh Hosein Sofla (Persian: مزرعه حسين سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh Hosein Sofla; also known as Ḩoseyn Soflá Mazrā‘ Ḩoseyn Mīrzā Ḩasan and Mirza Husain) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tit Kan (Persian: تيتكن‎ also Romanized as Tīt Kan; also known as Tītagīn Tī Takīn Tītgīn and Tītkīn) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 16 families.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 73 families.
 Falniów-Wysiołek [ˈfalɲuf vɨˈɕɔwɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Miechów and 33 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 320.
 Beke is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Jaber-e Ansar (Persian: جابرانصار‎ also Romanized as Jāber-e Anşār; also known as Shahrak-e Jāber-e Anşār) is a village in Jaber-e Ansar Rural District in the Central District of Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1017 in 205 families.
 Drwęczno [ˈdrvɛnt͡ʂnɔ] (German: Wagten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Orneta 34 km (21 mi) west of Lidzbark Warmiński and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Kahang (Persian: كهنگ‎) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Deh-e Now (Persian: ده نو‎ also Romanized as Deh Now) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 825 in 203 families.
 Tighanab Sofla (Persian: تيغناب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tīghanāb Soflá; also known as Tīghanāb Pa’īn) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Villa General Roca is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Daghalian-e Bala (Persian: دغليان بالا‎ also Romanized as Daghalīān-e Bālā; also known as Daghlīān-e ‘Olyā Dāghlīān-e ‘Olyā and Daghliyan Olya) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 48 families.
 Gajów [ˈɡajuf] (German: Reichenforst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Radków 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Kłodzko and 80 kilometres (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Stara Wieś [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Nowa Sól and 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Jelcza [ˈjɛlt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Charsznica 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Miechów and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 680.
 Safaabad (Persian: صفااباد‎ also Romanized as Şafāābād) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 44 families.
 Strgonice (Cyrillic: Стргонице) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Chróstnik [ˈxrustnik] (German: Brauchitschdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it belonged to Germany. It is approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Lubin and 66 kilometres (41 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ayşehoca is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Borowskie Wypychy [bɔˈrɔfskʲɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Malawa [maˈlava] (Ukrainian: Малява) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Bircza 28 km (17 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Rekaj (Persian: ركاج‎ also Romanized as Rekāj; also known as Rekāj Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 13 families.
 Dalen is an old village and a former municipality in the northeastern Netherlands in the province of Drenthe. Since 1998 Dalen has been part of the municipality of Coevorden.There are many shops and restaurants bakeries and a pub called the D'aolle Bakkerij. The village is known for its two windmills which are open to the public. There is also a family resort within bicycle riding distance from there called 'De Huttenheugte'.
 Świętochowo [ɕfjɛntɔˈxɔvɔ] (German: Sonnenstuhl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Braniewo and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 173.
 West Unity is a village in Williams County Ohio United States. The population was 1671 at the 2010 census.
 Kavaklı is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 553 people.
 Medovo Burgas Province is a village in the municipality of Pomorie in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Adaguru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Krishnarajanagara taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Fredonia is a village in Ozaukee County Wisconsin United States. The population was 2160 at the 2010 census. The village identifies itself as the birthplace of Flag Day and is the home of the National Flag Day Foundation.
 Pakshikere( Kannada:ಪಕ್ಷಿಕೆರೆ )is a hamlet on Haleyangady to Kinnigoli route. This hamlet is situated in Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka India. Pakshikere in Kannada literally means bird's lake or lake of birds. Pakshi means bird and kere means lake.In Pakshikere very famous St Jude church is there.
 Sar Choluskan-e Sofla (Persian: سرچلوسكان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sar Cholūskān-e Soflá) is a village in Zardalan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Gezende is a village in Mersin Province Turkey.
 Szaleniec [ʂaˈlɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Stare Pole 16 km (10 mi) east of Malbork and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 103.
 Kościanki [kɔɕˈt͡ɕanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Surhów-Kolonia [ˈsurxuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśniczyn within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Borojevići (Serbian: Боројевићи) is a village in Croatia. By census 1991 Serbs were almost absolute majority 288 (97.95%) then Croats 2 (0.68%) Yugoslavs 2 (0.68%) and others 2 (0.68%).
 Ługi [ˈwuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Romanówek [rɔmaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Lubrza 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Świebodzin 41 km (25 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 50 km (31 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 40.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 151 families.
 Czarnowo [t͡ʂarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Brusy 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 81 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania. Here was born Jan Karnowski.The village has a population of 217.
 Shurjeh (Persian: شورجه‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh; also known as Shūrcheh and Sūrjeh) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 17 families.
 Arpa Darrehsi (Persian: ارپادره سي‎ also Romanized as Ārpā Darrehsī and Ārpā Darehsī; also known as Ārpā Darasī Ārpā Darast Ārpādarrasi Ārpā Darreh Ārpā Darst Arpadar’ya and Ārpeh Darreh) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 793 in 220 families.
 Karim Khalaf (Persian: كريم خلف‎ also Romanized as Karīm Khalaf; also known as Karīm Khalīf and Khalaf) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 24 families.
 Maćedonce is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 81 people.
 Bigherd (Persian: بيغرد‎ also Romanized as Bīgherd; also known as Bakhard and Bīqerd) is a village in Tang-e Narak Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2469 in 419 families.
 Doylestown is a village located atop the highest point in Wayne County Ohio United States. The population was 3051 at the 2010 census. Doylestown is served by a branch of the Wayne County Public Library.
 Halmat (Urdu: ہلمت ‎) is a village in Neelam Valley Azad Kashmir Pakistan. It is located 189 kilometers (117 mi) from Muzaffarabad and 34 kilometers (21 mi) from Kel at the altitude of 7400 feet (2300 m).
 Mowtowr-e Dad Mohammad Naruyi (Persian: موتور دادمحمد نارويي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Dād Moḩammad Nārūyī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shurjeh Allah Amanlu (Persian: شورجه اله امانلو‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh Allāh Amānlū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Quảng Bạch is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Rusatai-ye Ashura (Persian: روستاي عاشورا‎ also Romanized as Rūsatāī-ye ʿĀshūrā) is a village in Kongor Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 29 families.
 Mahala (Serbian: Махала) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Rudak (Persian: رودك‎ also Romanized as Rūdak; also known as Roudbarak) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 767 in 214 families.
 Kushkabad (Persian: كوشك اباد‎ also Romanized as Kūshkābād and Kooshk Abad) is a village in Mohajeran Rural District Lalejin District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1618 in 368 families.
 Posht-e Kuh (Persian: پشتكوه‎ also Romanized as Posht-e Kūh Posht Kooh Posht Kūh and Poshtkūh) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 103 families.
 Allahian (Persian: الهيان‎ also Romanized as Allāhīān Eláhīān Allāhayān Allāhīyān Allāhyān Allayan Elahīān and Elahiyan) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 758 in 164 families.
 Posht-e Zard (Persian: پشت زرد‎) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 38 families.
 Qahreman (Persian: قهرمان‎ also Romanized as Qahremān) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 16 families.
 Razeh Gardan (Persian: رزه گردن‎; also known as Razgardan and Razkardan) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 28 families.
 Golyamo Asenovo is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Thái Đào is a commune (xã) and village in Lạng Giang District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Viduj (Persian: ويدوج‎ also Romanized as Vīdūj; also known as Vidūch) is a village in Golab Rural District Barzok District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1378 in 365 families.
 Kalej [ˈkalɛi̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wręczyca Wielka 10 km (6 mi) south of Kłobuck and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1668.
 Piskavica (Cyrillic: Пискавица) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rudbarak (Persian: رودبارك‎ also Romanized as Rūdbārak) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 14 families.
 Asilabad (Persian: اصيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Aşīlābād and Aslābād) is a village in Juqin Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4579 in 1167 families.
 Pedhambe is a village in Chiplun taluka of Ratnagiri district in the state of Maharashtra India. The nearest town is Chiplun approximately 10 km (6 mi) away. Mandar Education Society is located here. A dam named Kolkewadi Dam is also located there.People living in the village are Shinde's there other people also live in the village the main area is Madhali wadi Ugvat wadi Mavlat wadi Bauddha Wadi & Takke wadi
 Sørfinnset is a village in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the mainland south of Inndyr and east of Storvika. Norwegian County Road 17 passes by 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) south of the village. Sørfjorden Chapel is located in the village.
 Çiriştepe is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of antiquity) to the east of Tarsus and between Turkish motorway O-31 and Turkish state highway D.750. It is also a stop on railroad. Its distance to Tarsus is 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 45 kilometres (28 mi). The population of Çiriştepe was 196 as of 2011.
 Pasieki [paˈɕeki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.The village has a population of 90.
 Nechayev Sad is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Skorosze [skɔˈrɔʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Azarsi-ye Nematollah (Persian: ازارسي نعمت اله‎ also Romanized as Āzārsī-ye Neʿmatollah) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 16 families.
 Sadr (Persian: صدر‎ also Romanized as Şadr) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 24 families.
 Anikudichan (North) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Bjelogorci (Serbian: Бјелогорци) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Rumiat (Persian: روميات‎ also Romanized as Rūmīāt; also known as Rūmeyeh and Rūmīyeh) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 13 families.
 Dobrovac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D47 highway.
 Kayacık is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Szczupliny [ʂt͡ʂuˈplinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rybno 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Antoniewo [antɔˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Morąg 25 km (16 mi) north of Ostróda and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Rębisze-Parcele [rɛmˈbiʂɛ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vouani is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1563.
 Şahna is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village is situated in the peneplane area to the north of Çukurova (Cilicia) plains at 36°51′N 34°19′E. The distance to Erdemli is 43 kilometres (27 mi) and the distance to Mersin is 51 kilometres (32 mi). The population of the village was 275 as of 2011. According to village dwellers the original name of the village was Şahane yer (Wonderful place) referring to beautiful forest scenery around the village.
 Galleh Baghan (Persian: گله باغان‎ also Romanized as Galleh Bāghān) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 14 families.
 Côn Minh is a commune (xã) and village in Na Rì District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Mah-e Firuzan (Persian: ماه فيروزان‎ also Romanized as Māh-e Fīrūzān; also known as Fīrūzān and Māh Parvīzān) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 134 families.
 Quzlujeh (Persian: قوزلوجه‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūjeh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 106 families.
 Tahsis is a village municipality on the west coast of Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada about 300 km or 185 miles (by air) northwest of the provincial capital Victoria at 49°55′33″N 126°37′16″W. As of the 2011 Canadian Census there are 316 residents a decline from the 2006 Census count of 366 residents.
 Ostrowąż-Giętkowo [ɔsˈtrɔvɔ̃ʂ ɡʲɛntˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 60.
 Kõrgemäe is a village in Rakvere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Upper La Taste is a town in Saint Patrick Parish Grenada. It is located towards the northern end of the island along the eastern coast.
 Deh-e Bozorg (Persian: ده بزرگ‎ also known as Deh Bozorg-e Cheshmeh-ye Sartappeh) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 18 families.
 Thoothoor is a coastal village located in the southern district of Tamil Nadu called Kanyakumari bordering the state of Kerala in India.
 Nowshad (Persian: نوشاد‎ also Romanized as Nowshād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 19 families.
 Qaderabad (Persian: قادراباد‎ also Romanized as Qāderābād) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 20 families.
 Widzów [ˈvid͡zuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszyna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kruszyna 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 84 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1034.
 Derolovi (Cyrillic: Деролови) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jelav is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 679 people.
 El Bañado (Capayán) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Tupale (Serbian Cyrillic: Тупале) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Medveđa municipality in the Jablanica District. According to the 2002 census Tupale had 725 inhabitants of whom 723 are ethnic Albanians.
 Jamki [ˈjamki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Częstochowa and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 5220.
 Khatun Kandi (Persian: خاتون كندي‎ also Romanized as Khātūn Kandī; also known as Khāt Kandi and Khatkendi) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 821 in 202 families.
 Jonesville is a village in Fayette Township Hillsdale County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2258 at the 2010 census.
 Tol Zari (Persian: تل زري‎ also Romanized as Tol Zarī Tall Zarī and Tol-e Zarī) is a village in Komehr Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 50 families.
 Kołybki [kɔˈwɨpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Damasławek 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 240.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 78 families.
 Czerwona Górka [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔna ˈɡurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south of Łączna 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 369.
 Changi (Persian: چنگي‎ also Romanized as Changī) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District in the Central District of Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1837 in 507 families.
 Smardzów [ˈsmard͡zuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany and was known under the name of Smarsch.The village has a population of 200.
 Osieck [ˈɔɕet͡sk] is a village in Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Osieck. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Otwock and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 920.
 Jagoszyce [jaɡɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Prusice 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Trzebnica and 29 kilometres (18 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ennai is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Deh Nomam (Persian: ده نمام‎ also Romanized as Deh Nomām) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād; also known as Kerkhep Kharkhar Kharkhep Khar Khop Kherkheb and Kherkhep) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 93 families.
 Akaneh (Persian: اكنه‎) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 20 families.
 Asenjan (Persian: اسنجان‎ also Romanized as Asenjān; also known as Asinjah Asīnjān and Espanjān) is a village in Sard-e Sahra Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1451 in 265 families.
 Qezel Bolagh (Persian: قزل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qezel Bolāgh; also known as Ghezel Bolagh and Qizil Bulāq) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 682 in 143 families.
 Balara is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4673 people living in 863 individual households.
 Heyatabad (Persian: هيئت آباد‎ also Romanized as Hey’atābād; also known as Bardeh Rash) is a village in Kowleh Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 22 families.
 Skotniki Górne [skɔtˈniki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Wiślica 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Busko-Zdrój and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين آباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 11 families.
 Sur (Persian: سور‎ also Romanized as Sūr Savar and Soor) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 717 in 145 families.
 Zabut (Persian: زابوت‎ also Romanized as Zābūt) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 563 in 86 families.
 Wilczeniec Fabiański [vilˈt͡ʂɛɲɛt͡s faˈbjaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Fabianki 10 km (6 mi) north of Włocławek and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Bare is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 56 people.
 Jamsam is a village in the Madhubani district of Bihar state India.
 Poszeszupie [pɔʂɛˈʂupjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) north of Suwałki and 138 km (86 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 90.
 Dziekszyn [ˈd͡ʑekʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Asiyab-e Alikhan (Persian: اسياب عليخان‎ also Romanized as Āsīyāb-e ʿAlīkhān) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 29 families.
 Kolangur (Persian: كلنگور‎ also Romanized as Kolangūr) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 18 families.
 Sefkerin (Serbian Cyrillic: Сефкерин) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Opovo municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(86.75%) and its population numbering 2627 people (2002 census).
 Pstroszyce Pierwsze [pstrɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Miechów and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 270.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 23 families.
 Hangpang is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4109 people living in 733 individual households.
 Hian (Persian: هيان‎ also Romanized as Hīān Heyān and Hiyan) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 395 in 75 families.
 Łaszczewiec [waʂˈt͡ʂɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Ryczywół 14 km (9 mi) north of Oborniki and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 50.
 Ostromęczyn [ɔstrɔˈmɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Platerów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Łosice and 126 km (78 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dam Barik (Persian: دم باريك‎ also Romanized as Dam Bārīḵ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Simeneh-ye Sofla (Persian: سيمينه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sīmeneh-ye Soflá; also known as Simināh Sīmīneh Sīmīneh-ye Pā'īn and Sīmīneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 47 families.
 Bernardov is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Lipa [ˈlipa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kuraneh (Persian: كورانه‎ also Romanized as Kūrāneh) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 504 in 89 families.
 Sadków-Górki [ˈsatkuf ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 421.
 Jan Barazan (Persian: جان برازان‎ also Romanized as Jān Barāzān; also known as Jombarzan Jumbarazun and Maḩalleh-ye Jān Bārāzūn) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 84 families.
 Qamtareh (Persian: قمطره‎ also Romanized as Qamţareh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 70 families.
 Pirazmeyan (Persian: پيرازميان‎ also Romanized as Pīrāzmeyān and Pīrāzmīān; also known as Birāzmand and Parāzmeyān) is a village in Naqdi Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 93 families.
 Zakrzewo ([zaˈkʂɛvɔ] 1936-45 German: Buschdorf) is a village in Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zakrzewo. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Złotów and 114 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sayrakçı Söke is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 121 people.
 Siedlce [ˈɕɛdlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Korzenna 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Roknabad (Persian: ركن اباد‎ also Romanized as Roknābād; also known as Rokn Abad Nogh) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 755 in 197 families.
 Braciejowa [brat͡ɕeˈjɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Dębica and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Qaleh Biyaban Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1444 in 333 families.
 Masudabad (Persian: مسعوداباد‎ also Romanized as Mas‘ūdābād) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 690 in 211 families.
 Polwatte Ihalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Trzeszkowice [tʂɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Świdnik and 17 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Peringammala is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India. Peringammala panchayath is the second largest panchayath in Kerala. There are two places named Peringamalas in Trivandrum city the other one is between balaramapuram and venganoor which is on the north side of the Thiruvananthapuram district.
 Kozilo is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 8 people.
 Tahraband (Persian: طهرابند‎ also Romanized as Ţahrāband) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 19 families.
 Wojtal [ˈvɔi̯tal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Czersk 39 km (24 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 202.
 Wolica Druga [vɔˈlit͡sa ˈdruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Płucki [ˈpwut͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Łagów and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 296.
 Stara Dębowa Wola [ˈstara dɛmˈbɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 290.
 Chah Gaz (Persian: چاه گز‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gaz) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 24 families.
 Qaleh Khiaban (Persian: قلعه خيابان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Khīābān) is a village in Meyami Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25666 in 5727 families.
 Bludzie Wielkie [ˈblud͡ʑɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Bludszen 1928-1936 Bludszen 1936-1938 Bludschen 1938-1945 Forsthausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Belakavadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Malavalli taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka. As per the records of Hoysala rulers belakavadi was one of the central places of administrative divisions. Temples include Shanbhulingeshwara Temple and maramma temple.
 Mbalabala (Balla Balla until 1982) is a village on the main Beitbridge-Bulawayo road (at the junction with the Filabusi Road) in Matabeleland Zimbabwe. Situated approximately 41 miles (66 km) south-east of the city of Bulawayo. The name is derived from the Ndebele name for the greater kudu (scientific name: Tragelaphus strepsiceros).
 Warkały [varˈkawɨ] (German Warkallen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Jonkowo and 12 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Cieciórki Szlacheckie [t͡ɕɛˈt͡ɕurki ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Czerwonka 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 80 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 89 families.
 Owczary [ɔfˈt͡ʂarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Shuy (Persian: شوي‎ also Romanized as Shūy Shooy and Shovī) is a village in Shuy Rural District in the Central District of Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1424 in 300 families.
 Chavoshan (Persian: چاوشان‎ also Romanized as Chāvoshān) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 21 families.
 Rowshnavand (Persian: روشناوند‎ also Romanized as Rowshnāvand Rowshanāvand Rushanāwand and Rūshnāvand) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tepeköy is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kręcko [ˈkrɛnt͡skɔ] (German: Kranz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Zbąszynek 18 km (11 mi) east of Świebodzin 37 km (23 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Seyu Khosavi Hashem (Persian: سيوخسوهاشم‎ also Romanized as Seyū Khosavī Hāshem; also known as So’ūkhsū Hāshem and Soyūkhsū Hāshem) is a village in Gholaman Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1359 in 286 families.
 Kunchanapalli or Kunchanapalle is a village of Tadepalli mandal in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is located beside the Krishna River to the south and Tadepalli to the west. Around 5 km. from Vijayawada.
 Wola Łęczeszycka [ˈvɔla wɛnt͡ʂɛˈʂɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Belsk Duży 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Grójec and 53 km (33 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Khosrowabad-e Faleh Gori (Persian: خسروابادفعله گري‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād-e Fa‘leh Gorī; also known as Khosrowābād Khosrowābād-e Fa‘leh Korī and Khūsrūābād) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 24 families.
 Khanjarabad (Persian: خنجراباد‎ also Romanized as Khanjarābād) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 745 in 152 families.
 Sokule [sɔˈkulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Drelów 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Biała Podlaska and 87 km (54 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mowtowr-e Habib Allah Ghodadi (Persian: موتورحبيب اله غدادي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩabīb Allah Ghodādī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 17 families.
 Alaqeh (Persian: علاقه‎ also Romanized as ‘Alāqeh) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 608 in 179 families.
 Haft Cheshmeh (Persian: هفت چشمه‎; also known as Hafta Chashmeh and Kafta-Chashme) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 36 families.
 Harugeri is a village in the north western part of the Indian state of Karnataka 575 km (357 mi) from the states capital Bengaluru. According to a census taken in 2001 the city has 28500 inhabitants with Kannada being the primary language.
 Sahlabad (Persian: سهل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sahlābād) is a village in Falard Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 964 in 176 families.
 Salamatabad (Persian: سلامت آباد‎ also Romanized as Salāmatābād) is a village in Babarashani Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 11 families.
 Brzezinki [bʐɛˈʑinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Warka 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Grójec and 49 km (30 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Riidaja is a village in Põdrala Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 233 (as of 1 January 2012).
 Jackson is a village in Washington County Wisconsin United States. The population was 6753 at the 2010 census. The village is located partially within the Town of Jackson.
 Hasanabad-e Olya (Persian: حسن ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 10 families.
 Zardeh Lajeh (Persian: زردلجه‎; also known as Zard-e Līcheh) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 24 families.
 Nowa Wieś Kościerska [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛrska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kościerzyna and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 360.
 Mägipe is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Gol Chigi (Persian: گل چيگي‎ also Romanized as Gol Chīgī; also known as Gol Chīkeh) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 Bambuyan (Persian: بمبويان‎ also Romanized as Bambūyān; also known as Bambeyūn and Bambīūn) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 760 in 150 families.
 Ganjab (Persian: گنجاب‎ also Romanized as Ganjāb and Ganj Āb) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 41 families.
 Mela Amaravathi (also known as Amaravathi) is a panchayat in the Valangaiman taluk of Thiruvarur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.SpecialsThis is one of the peaceful village in the surrounding.Here to Alangudi(Gurusthalam) & Valangaiman (mariyamman koil) is just 2 & 5 kilo meters only...New Riders We are good cricket Team.
 Chah-e Zard (Persian: چاه زرد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Zard Chāh-i-Zard and Chāh Zard) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 13 families.
 Dasht-e Sefid (Persian: دشت سفيد‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Sefīd) is a village in Chashm Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 13 families.
 Boheyr-e Olya (Persian: بحيرعليا‎ also Romanized as Boḩeyr-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Mollasani Rural District in the Central District of Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 28 families.
 Nowe Bielice [ˈnɔvɛ bjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biesiekierz within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Biesiekierz 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Koszalin and 130 km (81 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 390.
 Buteh Deh (Persian: بوته ده‎ also Romanized as Būteh Deh) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 43 families.
 Elmapınar is a small village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the high reaches of Toros Mountains at 36°54′N 33°26′E. Its distance to Mut is 40 kilometres (25 mi) and to Mersin is 200 kilometres (120 mi). The population of the village was 90 as of 2011. The economic activity of Elmapınar is agriculture. Ovine breeding is another activity.
 Chah-e Salar Hasan (Persian: چاه سالارحسن‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Sālār Ḩasan) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Saunja is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.Template:Lääne-Nigula SParish
 Shad Galdi Mahalleh (Persian: شادگلدي محله‎ also Romanized as Shād Galdī Maḩalleh; also known as Shāh Galdī Maḩalleh) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 32 families.
 Saghandel (Persian: سغندل‎ also Romanized as Saqam Del Saqandel Sekendī Seqendel Sikindil and Sykyndyl’) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 34 families.The cuneiform inscription in the village is the most famous historical monument in the region.
 Bozdoğan is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is at the east of Anamur. The population of the village is 1885 as of 2011.
 Qeyah Baghi (Persian: قيه باغي‎ also Romanized as Qeyah Bāghī) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Boune is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Łubno [ˈwubnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sudějov is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Budy Rumockie [ˈbudɨ ruˈmɔt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Glinojeck 16 km (10 mi) west of Ciechanów and 78 km (48 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Dhobaghat -- also called Udayapurkot --- is a village and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Żurawniki [ʐuravˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Złota 19 km (12 mi) south of Pińczów and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 210.
 Rujnica (Cazin) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Macarlı Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Pazardalu (Persian: پازردالو‎ also Romanized as Pāzardālū; also known as Monirabad (Persian: مُنير آباد) also Romanized as Monīrābād) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 68 families.
 Gaziler Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Fifal (Persian: فيفل‎ also Romanized as Fīfal) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sheykh Hanush (Persian: شيخ حنوش‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩanūsh; also known as Dabbāt Zeynab and Zeynab) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 43 families.
 Shurab-e Khan Ali (Persian: شوراب خانعلي‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Khān ‘Alī Shūrāb-e Khān‘alī and Shūr Āb-e Khān‘alī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 70 families.
 Nowkand (Persian: نوكند‎) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 44 families.
 Dimu Dobak is a village in Kamrup district. It is 30.9 km from Guwahati.
 Vengapuram or Vengapuram Agraharam (Telugu: వెంగాపురం) is a village located in Balijipeta mandalam in Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh State in India.It is located about 58 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
 Myślęcin [mɨˈɕlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Nurczyk [ˈnurt͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Nurzec-Stacja 20 km (12 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 100.
 Cheshmeh Sard (Persian: چشمه سرد‎) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 37 families.
 Ovabaşı is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of Toros Mountains to the north of Anamur. Its distance to Anamur is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi). The population of Ovabaşı was 394 as of 2011. It is surrounded by orange groves. The orange produced in the village is known as Ovabaşı orange (Turkish: Ovabaşı portakalı).
 Sang-e Sefid (Persian: سنگ سفيد‎ also Romanized as Sang-e Sefīd and Sangsefīd) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 20 families.
 Siodłkowice [ɕɔdwkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Anjir Mehi (Persian: انجيرمهي‎ also Romanized as Anjīr Mehī) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 33 families.
 Jeże [ˈjɛʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogdaniec within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Bogdaniec and 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ksawerów [ksaˈvɛruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Khorum (Persian: خروم‎ also Romanized as Khorūm) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 26 families.
 Dębe [ˈdɛmbɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubasz 4 km (2 mi) south-west of Czarnków and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Arbabi-ye Sofla (Persian: اربابي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ārbābī-ye Soflá) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1265 in 288 families.
 Strzyżew [ˈstʂɨʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dobrzyca 13 km (8 mi) west of Pleszew and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rowham Beyk Mahalleh (Persian: روهام بيك محله‎ also Romanized as Rowhām Beyk Maḩalleh; also known as Rahāmbak Maḩalleh and Rowḩām Beyg Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 66 families.
 Zieleniewo [ʑɛlɛˈɲɛvɔ] (formerly German Grünhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Stargard Szczeciński and 24 km (15 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 291.
 Czapla [ˈt͡ʂapla] (German: Neumühl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wałcz and 136 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
 Eslamabad-e Kahan Changar (Persian: اسلام ابادكهن چنگر‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Kahan Changar) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 39 families.
 Sobota [sɔˈbɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Bielawy 17 km (11 mi) west of Łowicz and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 560. The name literally means Saturday.Sobota was the site of the Battle of Sobota (1655) when a Polish force failed to head off the advancing Swedish invading army.
 Kharmenj (Persian: خرمنج‎ also Romanized as Khar Menj; also known as Faz̤elābād and Kharmin) is a village in Karghond Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 98 families.
 Safa (Persian: صفا‎ also Romanized as Şafā) is a village in Rabor Rural District in the Central District of Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kaszewy Kościelne [kaˈʂɛvɨ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Krzyżanów 7 km (4 mi) east of Kutno and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Górskie [ˈɡurskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wyszki 21 km (13 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nużewo [nuˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Ciechanów and 74 km (46 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kunowo [kuˈnɔvɔ] (formerly German Kunow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kobylanka 7 km (4 mi) west of Stargard Szczeciński and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 636.
 Gol Soleymanabad (Persian: گل سليمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Gol Soleymānābād) is a village in Baruq Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2923 in 699 families.
 Banteay Neang is a khum (commune) and village of Mongkol Borei District in Banteay Meanchey Province in western Cambodia.
 Bojanów [bɔˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzanowice within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Krzanowice 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Racibórz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 830.
 Drhovy is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qaleh-ye Now (Persian: قلعه نو‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Now and Qal‘eh Now) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 584 in 130 families.
 Podmokle Wielkie [pɔdˈmɔklɛ ˈvʲɛlkʲɛ] (formerly German Gross Posemuckel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Babimost 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Siepraw [ˈɕepraf] is a village in Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Siepraw. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Myślenice and 17 km (11 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 5000. It is the location of the Siepraw Ski resort.
 Babki [ˈbapki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Mosina and 10 km (6 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 350.
 Skaneateles (/ˌskæniˈætləs/ or local /ˌskɪniˈætləs/) is a village in the town of Skaneateles Onondaga County New York United States. The village is named from and located on the shores of Skaneateles Lake one of the Finger Lakes. As of the 2010 census the village had a population of 2450 residents.
 Bytonia [bɨˈtɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Zblewo 18 km (11 mi) west of Starogard Gdański and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 756.
 Arpacık is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 138 people.
 Nahand (Persian: نهند‎; also known as Nagyān and Nagyant) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1222 in 304 families.
 Deh Sheykh (Persian: ده شيخ‎) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 17 families.
 Kusovac is a village situated in Knić municipality in Serbia.
 Tazehabad-e Sarab Tiran (Persian: تازه ابادسراب تيران‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Sarāb Tīrān; also known as Tāzehābād-e Sarāb Tīzān) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 23 families.
 Barani-ye Ajam (Persian: باراني عجم‎ also Romanized as Bārānī-ye ‘Ajam) is a village in Hasanlu Rural District Mohammadyar District Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 67 families.
 Damlıca is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Galesh Kolam (Persian: گالش كلام‎ also Romanized as Gālesh Kolām Gālesh Kalām and Gālesh Kolam) is a village in Gel-e Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 664 in 212 families.
 Gózd [ɡust] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Łączna 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 560. North of Gózd at 50°58′57.6″N 20°44′47.1″E there is a 104 metres tall free-standing lattice tower used as radio relay.
 Vafs (Persian: وفس‎) is a village in Razan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 96 families.
 Humięcino-Retki [xumjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ˈrɛtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 180.
 Gol Chini (Persian: گل چيني‎ also Romanized as Gol Chīnī) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 689 in 168 families.
 Czermno [ˈt͡ʂɛrmnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gąbin 18 km (11 mi) south of Płock and 86 km (53 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 477.
 Bajorski Gaj [baˈjɔrski ˈɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Podkrajeva (Serbian: Подкрајева) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Siedlec [ˈɕɛdlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Wierzbowo [vjɛʐˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kalinowo 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Ełk and 145 km (90 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tolombeh-ye Ahmad Soltani (Persian: تلمبه احمدسلطاني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Aḩmad Solṭānī) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 14 families.
 Rogożajny Wielkie [rɔɡɔˈʐai̯nɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wiżajny 29 km (18 mi) north of Suwałki and 137 km (85 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Powodowo [pɔvɔˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wolsztyn and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 571.
 Magyarszentmiklós is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Golruiyeh (Persian: گلروئيه‎ also Romanized as Golrū’īyeh and Golroo’eyeh) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Bhar Singh Pura is a village (pind) in Punjab India. It is located within the district of Jalandhar close to Phillaur (some 10KM away). Some nearby villages include Apra Bansian Nagar Thalla Raipur and Dayalpur. It is one of the medium-sized villages in Punjab. Almost one third of the population of this village lives abroad like UK US Canada New Zealand Spain Germany and Gulf countries. Most of the people living in the village are dependent upon their siblings settled abroad.
 Sowidół [sɔˈviduu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Regnów 12 km (7 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chahar Barreh (Persian: چهاربره‎ also Romanized as Chahār Barreh Chahār Bareh Chahār Borah and Chehār Būrreh) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District Oshtorinan District Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1065 in 290 families.
 Kash Pey (Persian: كش پي‎) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Sukhvor-e Rashid-e Olya (Persian: سوخوررشيد عليا‎ also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Rashīd-e ‘Olyā Sūkhūr-e Rashīd-e ‘Olyā and Sūkhvor Rashīd-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 40 families.
 Çaylıköy is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 462 people.
 Luka is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Hořenice is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 22 families.
 Barik Absar (Persian: باريك ابسر‎ also Romanized as Bārīk Ābsar) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 222 families.
 Stara Gazomia [ˈstara ɡaˈzɔmja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Dobřany (Rychnov nad Kněžnou District) is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tang-e Musa (Persian: تنگ موسي‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Mūsá) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 35 families.
 Khujan (Persian: خوجان‎ also Romanized as Khūjān; also known as Kharjān and Khūrjān) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 593 in 146 families.
 Bombla [ˈbɔmbla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Korycin 24 km (15 mi) west of Sokółka and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bedlenko [bɛˈdlɛŋkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Końskie and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 360.
 Grochotów [ɡrɔˈxɔtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Strzegom 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Świdnica and 54 kilometres (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nazifpaşa is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 57 people.
 Kaluđerovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Калуђерово) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bela Crkva municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (98.48%) and its population numbering 132 people (2002 census).
 Aşağıkarakuyu is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Ahlat is a village in the central (Artvin) district Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 104 people.
 Sopra is a village located in the Bhopalgarh taluka Jodhpur District of Rajasthan state in western India. It is a village and small village of the Bhopalgarh Taluka.
 Beldibi is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Selishte is a village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated 11 kilometers west of Blagoevgrad on the road to Delčevo in Republic of Macedonia.
 Rajab is a village in Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Biadaszki [bjaˈdaʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęka Opatowska within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łęka Opatowska 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Kępno and 152 km (94 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Khurtab Sara (Persian: خورتابسرا‎ also Romanized as Khūrtāb Sarā) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 10 families.
 Shobeysheh (Persian: شبيشه‎; also known as Ţarīq ol Qods) is a village in Tarrah Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2672 in 412 families.
 Krzyżewo [kʂɨˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kalinowo 23 km (14 mi) east of Ełk and 145 km (90 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Meruzin-e Pain (Persian: مروزين پايين‎ also Romanized as Merūzīn-e Pā’īn) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Golanik-e Olya (Persian: گلانيكعليا‎ also Romanized as Golānīk-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kalānīk-e Bālā) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 12 families.
 Shamus (Persian: شموس‎ also Romanized as Shamūs) is a village in Neysan Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ellerslie (also referred to as Ellerslie-Bideford) is a small village located in Prince Edward Island Canada on Prince County on Lot 12. The village includes the community of Bideford. It holds residence to approximately 470 citizens. Most residents of Ellerslie live on Ellerslie Road (Route 133) which spans 5 miles from Route 2 to Route 12. The village is on coordinates 46' 36 N 63' 57 W.
 Basantapur is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4014 people living in 775 individual households.
 Baricheh-ye Enayat (Persian: بريچه عنايت‎ also Romanized as Barīcheh-ye ‘Enāyat and Bereycheh-ye ‘Anāyat; also known as Abū Seleyb Khān-e Kūchek Barījeh-ye ‘Enāyat Bereyḩeh-ye ‘Enāyat and Berīcheh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Chah-e Salari (Persian: چاه سالاري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Sālārī) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darvand-e Do (Persian: داروند2‎ also Romanized as Dārvand-e Do) is a village in Direh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 17 families.
 An Bá is a commune (xã) and village in Sơn Động District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Feanwâlden (Dutch: Veenwouden) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland in the Netherlands and has around 3728 citizens (2007).
 Babajić is a village situated in Ljig municipality Kolubara District in Serbia.
 Shalanky (Ukrainian: Шаланки Hungarian: Salánk) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.
 Branitsa is a village in the municipality of Harmanli in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Tamme Pärnu County is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Milford is a village in Barton County Missouri United States. The population was 26 at the 2010 census.
 Teshovo is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Haregī also known as Hargī or Harqī is a town in the Province of Sīstān va Balūchestān Iran.Located at Latitude 25.4906°N and Longitude 59.2967° E the village is located on the Iranian coast looking over the Gulf of Oman and is 210km from the port of Jask and about 150 km from the Port of Chabahar the county capital.The village sits aside an ephemeral stream that some have identified with the Salarus River which Ptolemy though was the site of Alexandria Carmania.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābādak) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 877 in 216 families.
 Atocha is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Khosrowabad (Persian: خسرواباد‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 65 families.
 Vysoká Srbská (German: Hochsichel) is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located near the border with Poland.
 Barłogi [barˈwɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Grzegorzew 10 km (6 mi) east of Koło and 128 km (80 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 640.
 Klenje is a village in the municipality of Golubac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 493 people.
 Dzierzbin [ˈd͡ʑeʐbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Korzeniew 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 260.
 Shahrak-e Aras (Persian: شهرك ارس ‎; also known as Shahrak-e Sadāras and Shahrak) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1951 in 481 families.
 Bagh-e Maruf (Persian: باغ معروف‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ma‘rūf Bāgh Ma‘rūf and Bāghe Ma’roof; also known as Bal Marit) is a village in Aji Chay Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7961 in 2033 families.
 Darreh Zhan-e Pain (Persian: دريژان پائين‎ also Romanized as Darreh Zhān-e Pā’īn and Darreh Zhān Pā’īn; also known as Darīzhān-e Pā’īn Darīzhān-e Soflá and Darreh Zhān Soflá) is a village in Zhan Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 87 families.
 Vukovina is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D30 highway.
 Tavil (Persian: طويل‎ also Romanized as Ţavīl) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 71 families.
 Berezka [bɛˈrɛska] (Ukrainian: Березка Berezka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north of Solina 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Lesko and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Różańsko [ruˈʐaɲskɔ] (formerly German Rosenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Dębno 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Myślibórz and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 638.
 Zabawka [zaˈbafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Piątnica 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Łomża and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Szczuczki-Kolonia [ˈʂt͡ʂut͡ʂki kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kopanjane is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 70 people.
 Mildam (West Frisian: Mildaam) is a small village in Heerenveen in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 724 citizens (2006).Louis Le Roy's eco-cathedral Is located here. http://www.ecokathedraal.nl/.
 Ab Bid (Persian: اب بيد‎ also Romanized as Āb Bīd; also known as Āb Bīd-e Lalah) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 11 families.
 Seoca (Cyrillic: Сеоца) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khvoshab (Persian: خوشاب‎ also Romanized as Khvoshāb; also known as Khyoshāb) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Débidibi is a village in the commune of Robbah in Robbah District El Oued Province Algeria. The village is located 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of Robbah and 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of the provincial capital El Oued.
 Nowotna [nɔˈvɔtna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig (German: Freie Stadt Danzig; Polish: Wolne Miasto Gdańsk) 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Molla Yusof (Persian: ملايوسف‎ also Romanized as Mollā Yūsef and Mollā Yūsof; also known as Mulla Yūsuf) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 511 in 164 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Pīsh Ravābād (Persian: پيش رواباد) and Pīsh Robāţ) is a village in Dizajrud-e Sharqi Rural District Qaleh Chay District Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 411 in 108 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Tang Firuzi (Persian: مزرعه تنگ فيروزي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Tang Fīrūzī) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Janki [ˈjanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Somianka 18 km (11 mi) west of Wyszków and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Gardzień [ˈɡard͡ʑeɲ] (German: Garden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Iława and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Sarıveli is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°56′N 34°43′E it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity). Çukurova Motorway (O-51) is to the north and Turkish state highway D.400 is to the south of the village. The distance to Tarsus is 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 45 kilometres (28 mi). The population of the village was 418 as of 2012. It is a typical Çukurova village. cotton and fresh vegetables being the main crops.
 Yüzükbaşı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Gulvand (Persian: گولوند‎ also Romanized as Gūlvand and Goolvand; also known as Golband Golvandeh Gulband and Gūlbeh) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 22 families.
 Ghiasi (Persian: غياثي‎ also Romanized as Ghīās̄ī) is a village in Fasarud Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 518 in 139 families.
 Prasona is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3468 persons living in 434 individual households.
 Duševine (Serbian: Душевине) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khosravan-e Olya (Persian: خسروان عليا‎ also Romanized as Khosravān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khosravān-e Bālā) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District Khenejin District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 32 families.
 Said (Persian: سعيد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīd) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 24 families.
 Chay Kasan (Persian: چايكسن‎ also Romanized as Chāy Kasan; also known as Chāy Kand) is a village in Harzandat-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 30 families.
 Vučkovica is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 443 people.
 Wyszowate [vɨʂɔˈvatɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Trzcianne 12 km (7 mi) south of Mońki and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Sielachowskie [ɕɛlaˈxɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wasilków and 10 km (6 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gökpınar is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 98 people.
 Samsonówka [samsɔˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Józefów 27 km (17 mi) east of Biłgoraj and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 254.
 Popki [ˈpɔpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Kolno and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 104.
 Kalu (Persian: كلو‎ also Romanized as Kalū) is a village in Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 14 families.
 Kalinovka is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Kopernica [kɔpɛrˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Chojnice and 100 km (62 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 54.
 Mehneh (Persian: مهنه‎ also Romanized as Mahneh; also known as Maina and Mīnā) is a village in and the capital of Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2842 in 744 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Didarkhormi (Persian: تلمبه ديدارخرمي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Dīdārkhormī) is a village in Dowbaran Rural District in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krušce is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Bechugan (Persian: بچوگان‎ also Romanized as Bechūgān) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kulasekharamangalam is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Muhammadābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 36 families.
 Pallippuram is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district Kerala. It is a suburb of the Thiruvananthapuram UA.
 Cerekiew [t͡sɛˈrɛkʲɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Bochnia and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 328.
 Harkaleh (Persian: هاركله‎ also Romanized as Hārkaleh) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Nesar-e Meleh Maran (Persian: نسارمله ماران‎ also Romanized as Neşār-e Meleh Mārān and Nes̄ār-e Maleh-ye Mārān) is a village in Zangvan Rural District Karezan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 46 families.
 Koski Duże [ˈkɔski ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Perlejewo 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 110.
 Valasti is a village in Roosna-Alliku Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Shahrak-e Gol Beyk (Persian: شهرک گل بيک‎; also known as Shahrak-e Gol Beyg) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 521 in 106 families.
 Hesar Darreh (Persian: حصاردره‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār Darreh; also known as Hasan Darreh and Ḩeşār Deh) is a village in Zalian Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 23 families.
 Qaleh Sangi (Persian: قلعه سنگي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sangī; also known as Qal‘eh Sang) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 32 families.
 Tud (Persian: تود‎ also Romanized as Tūd; also known as Tūt) is a village in Zaboli Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 10 families.
 Yari Mahalleh (Persian: ياري محله‎ also Romanized as Yārī Maḩalleh) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 42 families.
 Radoszkowo Drugie [radɔʂˈkɔvɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Książ Wielkopolski 17 km (11 mi) east of Śrem and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 193.
 Shahrak-e 12 Emam (Persian: شهرك 12امام‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e 12 Emām) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1529 in 331 families.
 Garuk (Persian: گروك‎ also Romanized as Garūk) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Belawadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bailhongal taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Anjir Siah-e Sofla (Persian: انجيرسياه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Anjīr Sīāh-e Soflá; also known as Anjīr-e Sīāh) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mobarakabad (Persian: مبارك اباد‎ also Romanized as Mobārakābād) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 23 families.
 Stary Las [ˈstarɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Shahrak-e Shahid Mohasan Boni Najar (Persian: شهرك شهيدمحسن بني نجار‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Moḥasan Bonī Najār) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District in the Central District of Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 21 families.
 Pur (Persian: پور‎ also Romanized as Pūr or Poor; also known as Pūr Aḩmadī) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 89 families.
 Kamostek [kaˈmɔstɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Sędziejowice 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Łask and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wydawy [vɨˈdavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sapouli is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2352 people living in 389 individual households.
 Buturovići kod Drozgometve is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Medagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chah-e Deh Zahra (Persian: چاه ده زهرا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Deh Zahrā) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jeziory Małe [jɛˈʑɔrɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Zaniemyśl 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1000.
 Katigar (Persian: كتيگر‎ also Romanized as Katīgar; also known as Kangar and Katkar) is a village in Lakan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2039 in 569 families.
 Dar Riz-e Olya (Persian: درريزعليا‎ also Romanized as Dar Rīz-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dar Rīz-e Bālā and Dar Rīz) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 70 families.
 Cholerzyn [xɔˈlɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liszki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Liszki and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 940.
 Talleh-ye Bala (Persian: تله بالا‎ also Romanized as Talleh-ye Bālā) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Bielice [bjɛˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Bielendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Stronie Śląskie 34 kilometres (21 mi) south-east of Kłodzko and 98 kilometres (61 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 40.
 Khazalabad (Persian: خزعل اباد‎ also Romanized as Khaz‘alābād; also known as Bahmanbār) is a village in Minubar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 128 families.
 Nal Eshkanun (Persian: نال اشكنون‎ also Romanized as Nāl Eshkanūn) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 41 families.
 Wangsing Deurali is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 people living in 577 individual households.
 Wielkie Gowino [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ɡɔˈvinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 708.
 Matinabad (Persian: متين اباد‎ also Romanized as Matīnābād) is a village in Khaledabad Rural District Emamzadeh District Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 547 in 137 families.
 Krasewicze-Jagiełki [krasɛˈvit͡ʂɛ jaˈɡʲɛu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 40.
 Nakhar is a village in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Elphin sometimes spelt Elfin (Irish: Ail Finn) is a village in north County Roscommon Ireland. It forms the southern tip of a triangle with Boyle 18 km (11 mi) and Carrick-on-Shannon 14 km (9 mi) to the north west and north east respectively. It is at the junction of the R368 and R369 regional roads. Knock International Airport is 50 km (31 mi) west of Elphin - approximately 40 minutes by road.
 Ostrówka [ɔsˈtrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 110 km (68 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Baseri Aqajan (Persian: باصري اقاجان‎ also Romanized as Bāşerī Āqājān and Bāserī Āqājān) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 37 families.
 Poyraz Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tolombeh-ye Mozaffar-e Abbaslu (Persian: تلمبه مظفرعباسلو‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moz̧affar-e ‘Abbāslū) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Olchowiec-Kolonia [ɔlˈxɔvjɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Surkhang is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 651 people living in 130 individual households.
 Gilginie [ɡilˈɡiɲe] (German Gillgehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Miłakowo 37 km (23 mi) north of Ostróda and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Çatak is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°40′N 33°46′E it is situated in the Toros Mountains. Its distance to Silifke is 69 kilometres (43 mi) and to Mersin is 154 kilometres (96 mi). The population of Çatak was 389 as of 2011. According to unconfirmed reports the ancestors of the village people were Çatak tribe of the Turkmen people who had migrated from Caucasus to Çatak. The main economic activity is fruit farming.
 Doddabathi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Davanagere taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Al Qadimah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District Ilkhchi District Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 63 families.
 Sırtköy Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Molla Mahalleh (Persian: ملامحله‎ also Romanized as Mollā Maḩalleh; also known as Mollā Maḩalleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 60 families.
 Seh Balutan (Persian: سه بلوطان‎ also Romanized as Seh Balūṭān; also known as Seh Balīţūn) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piotrowice Małe [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Biskupiec 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 120.
 Sterdyń [ˈstɛrdɨɲ] is a village in Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sterdyń. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 96 km (60 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 814.
 Petrosashen is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Skrzany [ˈskʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dolice 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Popsko is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Sar Khareh-ye Olya (Persian: سرخره عليا‎ also Romanized as Sar Khareh-ye ‘Olyā and Sarkhareh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Şafā’īyeh) is a village in Cham Khalaf-e Isa Rural District Cham Khalaf-e Isa District Hendijan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 35 families.
 Łazdoje [wazˈdɔjɛ] (German Laxdoyen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 372.
 Gedik Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 204 people.
 Galleh-ye Meshk (Persian: گله مشك‎; also known as Galleh-ye Mishi) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 19 families.
 Paygelan (Persian: پايگلان‎ also Romanized as Pāygelān and Pāygalān; also known as Pai Gilan Pa yi Gīlān Pāy Kalān and Pāykalān) is a village in Paygelan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1920 in 457 families.
 Borgund is a village and former municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the southeastern part of the traditional district of Sogn. The village of Borgund lies along the European route E16 highway about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the village of Lærdalsøyri. It is the site of the Borgund Church and the historic Borgund Stave Church.Borgund was a municipality from 1864 until 1964.
 Arzil (Persian: ارزيل‎ also Romanized as Arzīl) is a village in Arzil Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 125 families.
 Hańcza [ˈxaɲt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Przerośl 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 131 km (81 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Turuvanur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chitradurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Kienkówka [kʲɛnˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Stoczek Łukowski 35 km (22 mi) west of Łuków and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Czaple [ˈt͡ʂaplɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lubień Kujawski 30 km (19 mi) south of Włocławek and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Chap Chap (Persian: چپ چپ‎ also Romanized as Chepchep and Chop Chop) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 677 in 143 families.
 Kadalangudi is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Gezeli-ye Olya (Persian: گزلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Gezelī-ye ‘Olyā Gezelī ‘Olya and Gazlī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Gazlī Gezelī Bālā and Gezelī-ye Bālā) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ufi (Persian: عوفي‎ also Romanized as ‘Ūfī) is a village in Noabad Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Szotowo [ʂɔˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Wola Pawłowska [ˈvɔla paˈvwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Ciechanów and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Gavmishban (Persian: گاوميشبان‎ also Romanized as Gāvmīshbān; also known as Gāmīshbān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 93 families.
 Janówka [jaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Pedanandipadu is a village and a mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Pedanandipadu village is 30 km away from Guntur the district headquarters on the way towards Parchur via Prathipadu.
 Churan (Persian: چورن‎ also Romanized as Chūran) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 57 families.
 Honeg-e Pain (Persian: هنگ پايين‎ also Romanized as Honeg-e Pā’īn; also known as Hanaka Hanak-e Pā’īn Henek Pā’īn and Honek-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fereydun (Persian: فريدون‎ also Romanized as Fereydūn Farīdun and Fereidoon) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 18 families.
 Sinuiyeh (Persian: سينوئيه‎ also Romanized as Sīnū’īyeh) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jetalpur is a town in the Ahmedabad district of the Indian state of Gujarat. It is the location of a Swaminarayan temple commissioned by Swaminarayan himself.The Engineering College Narnarayan Shastri Institute of Technology is situated in Jetalpur.
 Karbon (Persian: كربن‎) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 15 families.
 Kopanka Druga [kɔˈpanka ˈdruɡa] (German: Hoppenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gronowo Elbląskie 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Elbląg and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 150.
 Parski [ˈparski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Świnice Warckie 12 km (7 mi) west of Łęczyca and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pietrusin [pjɛˈtruɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Izad Khvast-e Basri (Persian: ايزدخواست باصري‎ also Romanized as Īzad Khvāst-e Bāşrī; also known as Īzad Khvāst) is a village in Darian Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1642 in 389 families.
 Khvajeh (Persian: خواجه‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Beech Bottom is a village in Brooke County West Virginia along the Ohio River. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 523 at the 2010 census.
 Khoshkin-e Kumasi (Persian: خشكين كوماسي‎ also Romanized as Khoshkīn-e Kūmāsī; also known as Khoshgīn Khoshkīn Vashkīn Veshkīn and Wiskīn) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 59 families.
 Dębniak [ˈdɛmbɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Ujazd 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Abri Tappeh (Persian: ابري تپه‎ also Romanized as Abrī Tappeh) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 59 families.
 Sangeli is a village in South Konkan Region in the Indian state of Maharashtra.It is famous for its cool environment and Girijanath Temple. The yearly festival of Girijanath falls one day before holi which is a Hindu Spring Festival. On the Girijanath Festival one Jackfruit tree is cut and carved in the cylinder shape. And that cylinder shaped shoulder pole is carried out by the people. When they reach Girijanath Temple they remove old pole and the new pole is kept.
 Młynów [ˈmwɨnuf] (German: Mühldorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kłodzko and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Maradik (Serbian Cyrillic: Марадик) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina in the region of Srem (Srem District) in Inđija municipality. Maradik is located about 10 km west of Inđija. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its total population in 2011 was 2095.
 Diago is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 7 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 3269. The village of Diago is 10 km northwest the town of Kati the chef-lieu of the cercle.
 Deliler is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 84 families.
 Heliodorowo [xɛljɔdɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Szamocin 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Chodzież and 75 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wiśniowa [vʲiɕˈɲɔva] is a village in Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiśniowa. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Strzyżów and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1826.
 Khalifehlu (Persian: خليفه لو‎ also Romanized as Khalīfehlū; also known as Khalīfeh) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 38 families.
 Głobice [ɡwɔˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) west of Góra and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tak-e Zow (Persian: تكزو‎; also known as Mīrzā Āqā’ī) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Kadłubiska [kadwuˈbiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Komarów-Osada 20 km (12 mi) east of Zamość and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rečica Kriška is a village in Croatia.
 Rochaliki [rɔxaˈliki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Posadowo [pɔsaˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lwówek 18 km (11 mi) north of Nowy Tomyśl and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Karsk [karsk] (German: Kartzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Nowogard 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Legbąd [ˈlɛɡbɔnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 66 km (41 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 470.
 Karczemka [karˈt͡ʂɛmka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojadła within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Bojadła and 21 km (13 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Mazeh-ye Sardasht (Persian: مازه سردشت‎ also Romanized as Māzeh-ye Sardasht) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 475 in 93 families.
 Paidang is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1542 people living in 260 individual households.
 Qeshlaq-e Dehnow (Persian: قشلاق ده نو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Dehnow; also known as Qeshlāq Qeshlāq-e Kheyrābād and Qishlāq) is a village in Almahdi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 80 families.
 Ellekumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Devarayanadurga (Kannada: ದೇವರಾಯನ ದುರ್ಗ) is a hill station near Tumkur in the state of Karnataka in India. The rocky hills are surrounded by forest and the hilltops are dotted with several temples including the Yoganarasimha and the Bhoganarasimha temples and an altitude of 3940 feet. It is also famous for Namada Chilume a natural spring considered sacred and is also considered the origin of the Jayamangali river. Another famous temple in the area is the Mahalakshmi Temple at Goravanahalli.
 Sipahili (former Babadıl) is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°10′N 33°28′E it is situated at the east bank of a creek. It is on the state highway D.400. Distance to Gülnar is 41 kilometres (25 mi) and to Mersin is 148 kilometres (92 mi). The population of the village is 430 as of 2011.
 Beyreli is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ubiedrze [uˈbjɛdʐɛ] (German Ubedel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Bobolice 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 145 km (90 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 27 families.
 Suure-Veerksu is a village in Räpina Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Nowe Przewodowo [ˈnɔvɛ pʂɛvɔˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Gzy 8 km (5 mi) west of Pułtusk and 57 km (35 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 80.
 Tabor Wielki [ˈtabɔr ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Bralin 9 km (6 mi) west of Kępno and 141 km (88 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mowtowr-e Ali Kord (Persian: موتور علي کرد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlī Kord) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 23 families.
 Gurowo [ɡuˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Koldamäe is a village in Iisaku Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Vlajkovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Влајковац) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Vršac municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province.
 Lipienek [liˈpjɛnɛk] (German: Lippinken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Chełmno and 26 km (16 mi) north of Toruń.
 Hoyvík (Danish: Højvig) is the third largest town in the Faroe Islands.It has grown in size for many years and is now merged with Tórshavn becoming a northern suburb of the Faroese capital. A person from Hoyvík is known as a hoyvíkingur.
 Kadugawnawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 ASanambut is a village panchayat of 27 km² area in a panchayat union (Vellore Taluk Vellore district Tamil Nadu India. It has a population of 5000 people. Under its governance are three villages – Asanambut Kallaraparai and Kuruvankottai. Its main rain-fed lake is about 9.5 acres (38000 m2).This village is in the foothills of the Javadi Hills and is very close to the Palar river.
 Huntington Bay is a village in Suffolk County New York United States on East Neck on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the 2010 census the village population was 1425.The Village of Huntington Bay is in the town of Huntington.
 Siriz (Persian: سيريز‎ also Romanized as Sīrīz; also known as Sārīz) is a village in Siriz Rural District Yazdanabad District Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 655 in 173 families.
 Sadeqabad (Persian: صادق اباد‎ also Romanized as Şādeqābād) is a village in Pirsalman Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 61 families.
 Wszedzień [ˈfʂɛd͡ʑɛɲ] (formerly German Scheddin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Postomino 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Sławno and 178 km (111 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kruszynek [kruˈʂɨnɛk] (German: Kruschingen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Włocławek and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Çiftlikköy is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Žabren is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 321 people.
 Shur Kand (Persian: شوركند‎ also Romanized as Shūr Kand) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 89 families.
 Kilgore is a village in Cherry County Nebraska United States. The population was 77 at the 2010 census.
 Gholamali (Persian: غلامعلي‎ also Romanized as Gholām‘alī) is a village in Razan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 16 families.
 Kalateh-ye Khalilabad (Persian: كلاته خليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khalīlābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Khalīlzādeh and Khalīlābād) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 28 families.
 Niyangoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qarah Bolagh (Persian: قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bolāgh and Qareh Bolāgh; also known as Mobārakābād and Qarabulāq) is a village in Soltaniyeh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1471 in 360 families.
 Qaleh-ye Rahim (Persian: قلعه رحيم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Raḩīm and Qal‘eh Raḩīm) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 52 families.
 Sokolyne (Ukrainian: Соколине; Crimean Tatar: Kökköz) is a village in the Bakhchysarai Raion (district) of Autonomous Republic of Crimea a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.
 Kirivalla is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Buchyna (Ukrainian: Бучина) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Gać [ɡat͡ɕ] (German Speck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Główczyce 38 km (24 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Machli gao Also known as [1] makdumpur is a village situated in dhanghata tahsil. nearest market is dhuswa bajarsivaparsanichara Govindgangand the nearest river is Sarayu river.The important thing for this village is that it is connected through ROAD constructed under PMGSY. distance from Dhanghata tehsil is 11 km and sarju river is 5 km.The major occupation of the people in the village is agriculture.
 Koń [kɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Zbiczno 14 km (9 mi) north of Brodnica and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 30.
 Sargvere (German: Sarkfer) is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.Nurmsi Airfield (ICAO: EENI) is partially located on the territory of Sargvere.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2086 in 517 families.
 Stenje (Macedonian: Стење) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. It is located on the shore of Lake Prespa near the Macedonian-Albanian border and Galičica National Park. Today the village has 438 inhabitants.
 Nadróż [ˈnadruʂ] (German: Lichtenacker) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rogowo 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Rypin and 51 km (32 mi) east of Toruń.
 Kalkesh (Persian: كلكش‎) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Roinihawa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3781 people living in 500 individual households.
 Sorkhi (Persian: سرخي‎ also Romanized as Sorkhī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 24 families.
 Kałduny [kau̯ˈdunɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Bełchatów and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wólka Dąbrowska [ˈvulka dɔmˈbrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lipsko and 119 km (74 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kumów Plebański [ˈkumuf plɛˈbaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Swadzim [ˈsfad͡ʑim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Barlinek 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Myślibórz and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kotliska [kɔˈtliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kutno and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cham Sangar (Persian: چم سنگر‎; also known as Sar Sangar) is a village in Darb-e Gonbad Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 409 in 73 families.
 Gulab (Persian: گولاب‎ also Romanized as Gūlāb; also known as Golāb) is a village in Zardalan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād and Moḩamadābad) is a village in Meydavud Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 55 families.
 Colonia Benítez is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.It was one of the first towns and agricultural settlements of the province when the cultivation of cotton and various industries were the pillars of its development with over the years.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 89 families.
 Rustów [ˈrustuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Kutno and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Czyżów [ˈt͡ʂɨʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stopnica 20 km (12 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 430.
 Gheyb-e Elahi (Persian: غيب الهي‎ also Romanized as Gheyb-e Elahī and Gheib Elahi; also known as Ghaib ‘Alai Gheyb‘alī and Gheybollāhī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 669 in 124 families.
 Mišićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Мишићево) is a village located in the Subotica municipality in the North Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. The village is ethnically mixed and its population numbering 446 people (2002 census).
 Kliszów [ˈkliʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kije 10 km (6 mi) north of Pińczów and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 260. A decisive battle of the Great Northern War between Saxony-Poland-Lithuania and the Swedish Empire the Battle of Kliszów was fought near the village.
 Uueveski is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Pringi is a village in Viimsi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 10 km (6 mi) northeast of the centre of Tallinn situated just northwest of the settlement Haabneeme on the coast of Tallinn Bay. Pringi has a population of 951 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Stanowo [staˈnɔvɔ] (German: Groß Stanau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Iława and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Momina Tsarkva is a village in Sredets Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Jalamb is a town in Shegaon tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra.
 Uuemaa is a village in Häädemeeste Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Gar Gaz (Persian: گرگز‎ also Romanized as Gar Kaz) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2014 in 460 families.
 Raanitsa is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Gremzdy Polskie [ˈɡrɛmzdɨ ˈpɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Krasnopol 12 km (7 mi) west of Sejny and 108 km (67 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād and Qāsimābād) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 818 in 170 families.
 Hadiabad (Persian: هادي اباد‎ also Romanized as Hādīābād) is a village in Kenarshahr Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Merizo (Chamorro: Malesso') is the southernmost village in the United States territory of Guam. Cocos Island (Chamorro: Islan Dåno) is a part of the municipality. The village's population has decreased since the island's 2000 census.
 Mowtowr-e Hajji Parviz Qalandar Zehi (Persian: بمپور حاجي پرويز قلندرزهي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Parvīz Qalandar Zehī) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebownisko within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 1249.
 Kardijan (Persian: كرديجان‎ also Romanized as Kardījān and Kordījān; also known as Gardījān Kardīān and Qardīān) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1667 in 409 families.
 Kéked is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Wola Miłkowska [ˈvɔla miu̯ˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Warta 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kobiele Wielkie [kɔˈbjɛlɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kobiele Wielkie. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Radomsko and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 800.It is the birthplace of Nobel laureate writer Władysław Reymont. There are two monuments commemorating him in the village.
 Shahrabad (Persian: شهراباد‎ also Romanized as Shahrābād) is a village in Kah Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 70 families.
 Bizhabad (Persian: بيژاباد‎ also Romanized as Bīzhābād; also known as Bīzhanābād) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 391 in 65 families.
 Durisan (Persian: دوريسان‎ also Romanized as Dūrīsān; also known as Dorīzān) is a village in Shamshir Rural District in the Central District of Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3002 in 766 families.
 Mangasuli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Karwowo Duchowne [karˈvɔvɔ duˈxɔvnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tispane is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nowe Bulkowo [ˈnɔvɛ bulˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hacıbektaşlı Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Bukovje Križevačko is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D22 highway.
 Rudbal (Persian: رودبال‎ also Romanized as Rūdbāl and Rūd Bāl; also known as Rūdbāl-e Manūchehr Khān Rūdbāl-e Markazī Rūdban and Rūdbār) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1899 in 407 families.
 Nusha (Persian: نوشا‎ also Romanized as Nūshā) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 25 families.
 Skenderovići (Cyrillic: Скендеровићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chittur is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. A part of it is governed by the Nalleppilly gram panchayat along with the villages of Nalleppilly and Thekkedesom.
 Kadiyakurichy is a village in the Srirangam taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Pęperzyn [pɛmˈpɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Więcbork 17 km (11 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 740.
 Pottaveli is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 41 families.
 Gar Faqir (Persian: گارفقير‎ also Romanized as Gār Faqīr) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 495 in 118 families.
 Deh Sorkh (Persian: ده سرخ‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sorkh; also known as Deh Surkh) is a village in Nurabad Rural District Garkan-e Jonubi District Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3582 in 873 families.
 Kąkolewnica [kɔnkɔlɛvˈnit͡sa] is a village in Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kąkolewnica.
 Madan-e Talmasi (Persian: معدن طالمسي‎ also Romanized as Maʿdan-e Ţālmasī) is a village in Chupanan Rural District Anarak District Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Banda Florida is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Steklinek [stɛˈklinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Czernikowo and 27 km (17 mi) east of Toruń.
 Kalateh-ye Mazar (Persian: كلاته‌مزار‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mazār and Kalāteh Mazār; also known as Mazār) is a village in Zohan Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 102 families.
 Triprangode is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India. As of 2001 India census Triprangode had a population of 37175 with 17422 males and 19753 females. Three sides of the village is surrounded by water bodies and is famous for Triprangode Siva Temple. It is believed that the deity here cures from diseases and helps to overcome the fear of death.
 Thottuva is a village in Ernakulam District Kerala India. It lies on the banks of Periyar River near Kalady. The name Thottuva in Malayalam means Mouth of the stream. Thottuva is 40 KM away from the city of Kochi. Distance to Cochin International Airport is 15 KM. Nearest Railway station is Angamali 15 KM.
 Alvar (Persian: الوار‎ also Romanized as Alvār) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 17 families.
 Heydari-ye Ajam (Persian: حيدري اجم‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarī-ye Ājam; also known as Ḩeydarī) is a village in Ajam Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tirunavaya (Malayalam: തിരുനാവായ) is a village of cultural and historical importance in Malappuram district of Kerala southern India situated on the banks of the River Bharatha(Also known as Nila). The famous medieval festival and trade fair known as the Mamankam was held in the Thirunavaya Temple.
 Manpa is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Vilivere is a village in Kohila Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Wierzyce [vjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Bečváry is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mazraeh-ye Pezeshki (Persian: مزرعه پزشكي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Pezeshkī) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Božići (Fojnica) is a village in the municipality of Fojnica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Patapoklosi is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Keshmigi (Persian: كش ميگي‎ also Romanized as Keshmīgī) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 31 families.
 Amaleh Seyf (Persian: عمله سيف‎ also Romanized as ‘Amaleh Seyf; also known as ‘Amaleh and Shahīd Dānesh) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3535 in 707 families.
 Taungle is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Sabinów [saˈbinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Konopnica 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 80.
 Przyborów [pʂɨˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Wińsko 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Wołów and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād; also known as Naz̧ar ‘Alīvand-e Morādābād) is a village in Rumeshkhan-e Gharbi Rural District Rumeshkhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 610 in 124 families.
 Ashrafabad-e Quch (Persian: اشرف آباد قوچ‎ also Romanized as Ashrafābād-e Qūch; also known as Ashrafābād) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 40 families.
 Mcely is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād; also known as Fakhrābād Tang-e Ḩanā) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 58 families.
 Siwkowice [ɕifkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Schmelzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Resko 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Łobez and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Aleksandrów 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.In 2005 the village had a population of 100.
 Chojna [ˈxɔi̯na] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 43 km (27 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Iwniki [ivˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Pu Chakak (Persian: پوچكك‎ also Romanized as Pū Chaḵaḵ) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Laukat is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3658 people living in 684 individual households.
 Kamul (Persian: كمول‎ also Romanized as Kamūl; also known as Kamūl-e Karam Khānī and Karam Khānī) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 44 families.
 Hangravan (Persian: هنگروان‎ also Romanized as Hangravān and Hangarvān) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 60 families.
 Kalkin (Persian: كلكين‎ also Romanized as Kalkīn) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Shipanju (Persian: شيپانجو‎ also Romanized as Shīpānjū Shīpānejū and Shipanjoo; also known as Sheybānjū and Shīpānajāv) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 36 families.
 Avarzaman (Persian: اورزمان‎ also Romanized as Āvarzamān and Arūzamān; also known as Āb-ī-Zamān Āb Zamām Āvar Zamān Tappeh Qayelī and Avzamān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1881 in 550 families.
 Marijan (Persian: مريجان‎ also Romanized as Marījān) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 7 families.
 Sar Chah (Persian: سرچاه‎ also Romanized as Sar Chāh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1857 in 375 families.
 Kenarbaghcheh (Persian: كنارباغچه‎ also Romanized as Kenārbāghcheh) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District in the Central District of Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Baz Kia Gurab (Persian: بازكياگوراب‎ also Romanized as Bāz Kīā Gūrāb Bāzkīā Gūrāb Bāz Kīyā Gūrāb and Bāz Keyā Gūrāb; also known as Bāzgīā Gūrāb Bazkiya Koorab Bāzkiya Qurāb Blzkiya-Kurab and Keyā Gūrāb) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4213 in 1220 families.
 Młynik [ˈmwɨnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Śniadowo 12 km (7 mi) west of Łomża and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Łaźniki [waʑˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Qavamabad (Persian: قوام اباد‎ also Romanized as Qavāmābād; also known as Qowmābād and Qumābād) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 883 in 201 families.
 Vinodarayunipalem or Vinoda Rayudu Palem is a village in Prakasam District Andhra Pradesh India. It is located 30 km from Ongole. The village is the birthplace of Tanguturi Prakasam the first Chief Minister of the state of Andhra.
 Bhetaguri is a village in Dinhata subdivision of Cooch Behar district West Bengal India. Bhetaguri is connected by road and railway to the district headquarters.
 Durijan (Persian: دوريجان‎ also Romanized as Dūrījān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 82 families.
 Ćwikły-Krajewo [ˈt͡ɕfikwɨ kraˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mackenzie is a village in St. Louis County Missouri United States. The population was 134 at the 2010 census.
 Sedloňov is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlisko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Siedlisko 16 km (10 mi) east of Nowa Sól and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has an approximate population of 750.
 Kozja is a village in the municipality of Bela Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 76 people.
 Muenster is a Saskatchewan village located 9 km east of Humboldt on Highway 5. Muenster is named after the city of Münster Germany.
 Kalateh-ye Boshgazi (Persian: كلاته بشگزي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Boshgazī; also known as Bazqūsh Buzqush Kalāteh-ye Losgazī and Kalāteh-ye Shogazī) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 26 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Nosrati (Persian: مزرعه نصرتي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Noşratī; also known as Noşratīyeh) is a village in Forumad Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szczęsne [ˈʂt͡ʂɛ̃snɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Purda and 8 km (5 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād Nasr Abad and Nāşerābād; also known as Naşīrābād and Nāsirābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 8 families.
 Brizje is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Metelin [mɛˈtɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 106 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 260.
 Ali Sorud (Persian: عليسرود‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Sorūd) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 113 families.
 Lubachowy [lubaˈxɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Moskorzew 25 km (16 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 176.
 Kocalar Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Qalandar-e Laki (Persian: قلندرلكي‎ also Romanized as Qalandar-e Lakī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 50 families.
 Sardi (Persian: ساردي‎ also Romanized as Sārdī and Sardī) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Nazem Sur (Persian: مزرعه ناظم سور‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Nāz̧em Sūr) is a village in Efzar Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 6 families.
 Siripuram is a village and a Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Eiteråga or Eiterå is a village in the Dunderlandsdal valley in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The village is located along the Ranelva river about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) east of the village of Storforshei and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south of Dunderland. The European route E6 highway passes through the village.
 Indre Offerdal is a small village on the shore of the Årdalsfjord (a branch of the Sognefjord) in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane Norway. It was the administrative center of the municipality of Årdal more than 100 years ago. In those days the main industry in Årdal was lumber and Indre Offerdal had a strategic position near the forests and accessible by boat. Timber and grains were brought here from all over the region for use at the gristmill and sawmill.
 Bhadran is a village in the state of Gujarat in far western India. It is in the Anand district. Bhadran was nicknamed the Paris of Gaekwad state due to its prosperity and civil works carried out by Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III the visionary ruler of Baroda.
 Olszowa [ɔlˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Zakliczyn 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Pietrzwałd [ˈpjɛtʂfau̯t] (German: Peterswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Ostróda and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Kobiele Małe-Kolonia [kɔˈbjɛlɛ ˈmawɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Kobiele Wielkie 14 km (9 mi) east of Radomsko and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rudno [ˈrudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wołów and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dubiya is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4443.
 Ciszyca Przewozowa [t͡ɕiˈʂɨt͡sa pʂɛvɔˈzɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Tarłów 38 km (24 mi) north-east of Opatów and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 70.
 Kuh-e Kheri (Persian: كوه خري‎ also Romanized as Kūh-e Kherī) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lipenka is a village in the Jeti-Oguz District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.
 Devisthan Parbat is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2729 people living in 479 individual households.
 Eskandeh (Persian: اسكنده‎ also Romanized as Eskendeh; also known as Eshene and Iskandeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 515 in 136 families.
 Zamzerj (Persian: زمزرج‎ also Romanized as Zamzarj; also known as Zamzerch) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 27 families.
 Tazehabad-e Doktor Vase (Persian: تازه آباد دكتر واسع‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Doktor Vāse‘; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 8 families.
 Kahn (Persian: كهن‎; also known as Kūhan) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 573 in 124 families.
 Dododhara is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8299 living in 1296 individual households.
 Wojbórz [ˈvɔi̯buʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Kłodzko and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Stara Zagość [ˈstara ˈzaɡɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Pińczów and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Cheshmeh Sir (Persian: چشمه سير‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sīr) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 33 families.
 Niedamirów [ɲedaˈmiruf] (German: Kunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawka within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Lubawka 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Kamienna Góra and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Omm ol Ghezlan (Persian: ام الغزلان‎ also Romanized as Omm ol Ghezlān and Omm ol Ghazlān) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 872 in 121 families.
 Brudzew Kolonia [ˈbrud͡zɛf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Turek and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Vashnam-e Faqir Mohammad (Persian: وشنام فقيرمحمد‎ also Romanized as Vashnām-e Faqīr Moḩammad) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 33 families.
 Stare Budki [ˈstarɛ ˈbutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Chaghan (Persian: چغان‎ also Romanized as Chaghān and Choghān) is a village in Harm Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1108 in 197 families.
 Köprücüler is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 262 people.
 Mowtowr-e Gholam Reza Azadi (Persian: موتورغلامرضاازادي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gholām Rez̤ā Azādī) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 19 families.
 Janówek Duranowski [jaˈnuvɛk duraˈnɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qaleh-ye Qazi (Persian: قلعه قاضي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Qāẕī and Qal‘eh Qāzi; also known as Ghal‘eh Ghazī) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 45 families.
 Tonderan (Persian: تندران‎ also Romanized as Tonderān and Tanderān; also known as Tanderūn and Tundarūn) is a village in Var Posht Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1109 in 290 families.
 Bobrowice [bɔbrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szprotawa 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Żagań and 48 km (30 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kalleh Dasht (Persian: كله دشت‎) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Kliszów [ˈkliʂuf] (German: Klieschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Lubin and 63 kilometres (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław..
 Cerjë or Cerja (Macedonian: Церје) is a village in Pustec Municipality Korçë District Albania.
 Crnoštica is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 190 people.
 Baltalı is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Bibi Huri (Persian: بي بي هوري‎ also Romanized as Bībī Hūrī) is a village in Famur Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mahalabad-e Sofla (Persian: مهل ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Maḩalābād-e Soflá; also known as Maḩalābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 56 families.
 Tarnawa Górna [tarˈnava ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zembrzyce within Sucha County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zembrzyce 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Sucha Beskidzka and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Faridpur Suhag (Urdu: فرِيد پُور سُہاگ‎) is a village and Union council in Depalpur Tehsil Okara District Punjab of Pakistan. It is situated east of Haveli Lakha Punjab Pakistan
 Kösrelikkızığı Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 26 families.
 Sindhnur (Rural) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindhnur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Andis (Persian: انديس‎ also Romanized as Andīs; also known as Hendes Hendīs Hindis and Īndes) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 139 families.
 Sędki [ˈsɛntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Żychlin 25 km (16 mi) east of Kutno and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bukovača (Cyrillic: Буковача) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bagh Bid (Persian: باغ بيد‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Bīd) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 17 families.
 Dindo is a village in the municipality of Konjic in the Bosnian Federation entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jaworsko [jaˈvɔrskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dębno 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Brzesko and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Jal is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Shidan (Persian: شيدان‎ also Romanized as Shīdān and Sheydān; also known as Seyyedūn and Sīdun) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 534 in 145 families.
 Talkududechour is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 2858 and had 648 households in it.
 Little Fountain is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Dedeler is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 108 people.
 Shotor Khvar (Persian: شترخوار‎ also Romanized as Shotor Khvār and Shotor Khār; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Shotor Khvār) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District Jalilabad District Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 81 families.
 Sanqorz-e Bala (Persian: سنقزبالا‎ also Romanized as Sanqorz-e Bālā; also known as Sanqor-e Bālā) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 Ellicottville is a village in Cattaraugus County New York USA. The population was 376 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Joseph Ellicott principal land agent of the Holland Land Company. It lies in the southwest part of the Town of Ellicottville and is north of the City of Salamanca.Ellicottville's current mayor is Charles Coolidge.
 Przewóz [ˈpʂɛvus] (Kashubian: Przéwòz) (formerly German Adolfsheide) is a village in Gmina Studzienice Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Bytów and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 215.
 Kuzie [ˈkuʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bolesław 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Ziemaki [ʑeˈmaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Franciszków [franˈt͡ɕiʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Lutomiersk 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Brzeźce [ˈbʐɛɕt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 450.
 Kaleń [ˈkalɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wolbórz 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Batakurki is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Yar Mohammad Bazar (Persian: يارمحمدبازار‎ also Romanized as Yār Moḩammad Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 17 families.
 Nowosiółki [nɔvɔˈɕuu̯ki] (German Dorfstätt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Bobolice 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 142 km (88 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Nowbar (Persian: نوبار‎ also Romanized as Nowbār) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 433 in 79 families.
 Trojanówka [trɔjaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Timmapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sadeqiyeh (Persian: صادقيه‎ also Romanized as Şādeqīyeh) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 63 families.
 Khanegeh (Persian: خانگه‎ also Romanized as Khānegeh and Khānekeh) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 22 families.
 Naravi is a panchayat village in Dakshina Kannada district in the foothills of the Western Ghats. There are two villages in the Naravi gram panchayat: Naravi and Kuthluru. It is 20 km from Karkala towards Dharmasthala. Naravi is known for St. Antony Shrine A catholic church for its miraculous history and the works of Fr.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 59 families.
 Góra [ˈɡura] (German: Gurra (1938-45:Gebürge)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Orzysz 25 km (16 mi) north of Pisz and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Linnuse is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Kaniyooru also spelled Kaneyuru is a village in Puttur taluk in Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state India. It houses one of the Ashta Mathas established by Madhvacharya the Dvaita philosopher.The village is located on Mangalore to Bangalore broadguage railway line. There is a railway station at Kaniyooru. The railway station of Kaniyooru can be accessed by passenger trains running between Mangaluru and Subramanya road stations.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقراباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād; also known as Baghirābād) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 15 families.
 Konithiwada is a village in the Veeravasaram Mandal in West Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh state India. This is a major panchayat in Veeravasaram mandal and is located at 7 kilometers south of the Veeravasaram village. Konithiwada is located approximately 15 km from Bhimavaram town and 23 kilometers from Tadepalligudem.
 Saranovići (Cyrillic: Сарановићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hulan (Persian: هولان‎ also Romanized as Hūlān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 31 families.
 Rudki [ˈrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Słupia within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Nowa Słupia and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 1800.
 Brzeźno [ˈbʐɛʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Świątki and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Beljina is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1117 people.
 Olszynka [ɔlˈʂɨŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اکبر آباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ain Varba is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Zangiabad (Persian: زنگي اباد‎ also Romanized as Zangīābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 23 families.
 Kokoszczyn [kɔˈkɔʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Tarnowo Podgórne and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 199.
 Åraksbø is a small village or hamlet in the municipality of Bygland in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located on the shores of the Åraksfjorden. The population (2001) of the Åraksbø area was 89. The lake Hovatn and its hydroelectric power plant are located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the northeast.
 Yeganeh Mahalleh (Persian: يگانه محله‎ also Romanized as Yegāneh Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 519 in 133 families.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Kongor Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 88 families.
 Mohammadabad Golshan (Persian: محمدابادگلشن‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād Golshan) is a village in Yazdanabad Rural District Yazdanabad District Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 8 families.
 Lubczyna [lupˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Goleniów and 13 km (8 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 480.
 Marianów Rogowski [maˈrjanuf rɔˈɡɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Rogów 11 km (7 mi) east of Brzeziny and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Khajak (Persian: خجك‎) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Strzyżowice [stʂɨʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Opatów and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 420.
 Göcen is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Rubayat (Persian: روبيات‎ also Romanized as Rūbayāt Roba‘īyāt Roobyet and Rūbiāt) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 76 families.
 Złe Borki [ˈzwɛ ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 21.
 Sędańsk [ˈsɛndaɲsk] (German: Seedanzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Szczytno and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Młyniec Pierwszy [ˈmwɨɲɛt͡s ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Lipa [ˈlipa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Dębowiec [dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Myszków and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 200.
 Egaperumagalur (Tamil: ஏகபெருமகலூர் ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Bhilkati is a very small village in Phaltan tehsil of Satara district in Maharashtra state of India. The main profession of the community is farming. Nearly 1000 people of different castes and religion stay in Bhilkati peacefully since the ages. Community is mainly divided by 50-50% Buddhist and Hindu. There is no post office or public transport facilities in Bhilkati. It sells animals such as elephants and cow herders.
 Zagrody [zaˈɡrɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Garbów and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Cheshmeh Gol (Persian: چشمه گل‎ also Romanized as Chashmeh Gol; also known as Ma’dan-e-Cheshmeh Gol) is a village in Jamrud Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1284 in 303 families.
 Lizawice [lizaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Oława and 22 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 300.
 Durah Sadat (Persian: دوراه سادات‎ also Romanized as Dūrāh Sādāt) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Strmna Gora is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 166 people.
 Akdoğan is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Dar Derafsh-e Farajollah-e Beygi (Persian: داردرفش فرج اله بيگي‎ also Romanized as Dār Derafsh-e Farajollāh-e Beygī; also known as Dār Derafsh-e Farajollāh Begī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zagroba [zaˈɡrɔba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Bielsk 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Płock and 88 km (55 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Goidschalxoord is a small village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is located about 5 km east of Oud-Beijerland in the municipality of Binnenmaas.Goidschalxoord was a separate municipality between 1817 and 1855 when it merged with Heinenoord.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 38 families.
 Niwki [ˈnifki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Chodów 28 km (17 mi) east of Koło and 144 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Eyüplü is a village in the Saimbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Hajnice (German: Haindorf) is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Badalan (Persian: بدلان‎ also Romanized as Badalān) is a village in Firuraq Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 569 in 110 families.
 Krušovice (Rakovník District) is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.The village is the location of the historic brewery Královský Pivovar Krušovice where Krušovice beer is brewed.
 Kwasielina [kfaɕeˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Lirda (Persian: ليردا‎ also Romanized as Līrdā) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dushevski kolibi is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Vanderbilt is a village in Otsego County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 562 at the 2010 census.
 Zubetinac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 191 people.
 Kizhakkencheri-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Kizhakkencheri-II and Kizhakkencheri-I are together administered by the Kizhakkancherry gram panchayat.
 Shan Kabud (Persian: شان كبود‎ also Romanized as Shān Kabūd) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District in the Sivan District of Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 25 families.
 Dom Darreh Humian (Persian: دم دره هوميان‎ also Romanized as Dom Darreh Hūmīān; also known as Dom Darreh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 40 families.
 Bruszczewo [bruʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Śmigiel 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Kościan and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tang-e Tahak (Persian: تنگ طاهك‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Ţāhak) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Brzustówek-Kolonia [bʐusˈtuvɛk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Opoczno and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Val Quentin is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located on the southern shore of Lac Ste. Anne.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Chamaran (Persian: تلمبه شهيدچمران‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Chamarān) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kauktaung-ashe is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Prusinowice [pruɕinɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Waśniów 15 km (9 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 220.
 Sigala is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.The word Sigala means piggery in Estonian.
 Dominek [dɔˈminɛk] (German Dominke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Ustka 15 km (9 mi) north of Słupsk and 102 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Chah-e Mohammadpur (Persian: چاه محمدپور‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩammadpūr) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kummil is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Scotsdale is a village in Jefferson County Missouri United States. The population was 222 at the 2010 census.
 Martinsburg is a village in Dixon County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Sioux City IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 94 at the 2010 census.
 Owraki Molla Abdol Rahman (Persian: عوركي ملاعبدالرحمان‎ also Romanized as ʿOwrakī Mollā ʿAbdol Raḩmān) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 65 families.
 Kočine is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 107 people.
 Nurczyk-Kolonia [ˈnurt͡ʂɨk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Palaiyanallur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Jelitów [jɛˈlʲituf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Biała Rawska 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 120.
 Hausovići (Cyrillic: Хаусовићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mian Kuh (Persian: ميان كوه‎ also Romanized as Mīān Kūh and Miyān Kūh) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 13 families.
 Stary Józefów [ˈstarɨ juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Budziszewice 19 km (12 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jimzu (Arabic: جمزو‎) also known as Gimzo (meaning sycamore plantation) was a Palestinian village located three miles southeast of Lydda. Under the 1947 UN Partition Plan of Mandatory Palestine Jimzu was to form part of the proposed Arab state. During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War the village was depopulated in a two-day assault by Israeli forces.Under the 1949 Armistice Agreements Jimzu's lands fell under the de facto governance of the newly created state of Israel.
 Mirosaljci is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 847 people.
 Stefanów [stɛˈfanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Przytyk 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Radom and 84 km (52 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Akörençarşak is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Herink is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 2.73 square kilometres (1.05 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 83.
 Bayduq (Persian: بايدوق‎ also Romanized as Bāydūq; also known as Bābdū and Bāydīq) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 26 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 30 households used Bayduq as their winter quarters.
 Rybczewice Pierwsze [rɨpt͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybczewice within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Qeshlaq-e Juq-e Sofla (Persian: قشلاق جوق سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Jūq-e Soflá; also known as Qeshlāq Jūg-e Soflá) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 27 families.
 Rudy [ˈrudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Końskowola 5 km (3 mi) east of Puławy and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 344.
 Kazimierówka [kaʑimjɛˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Tyszowce 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 99 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ala ol Din (Persian: علاالدين‎ also Romanized as ‘Alā’ ol Dīn ‘Alā’ od Dīn ‘Alā od Dīn and Alā’-ed-Dīn; also known as ‘Alāed Dīn) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lipinki [lʲiˈpʲiŋkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sosnówka 34 km (21 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 83 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Salmaniyeh (Persian: سلمانيه‎ also Romanized as Salmānīyeh) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 648 in 139 families.
 Rosholt is a village in Portage County Wisconsin United States. The population was 506 at the 2010 census.
 Kakha (Persian: كخا‎ also Romanized as Kakhā) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 25 families.
 Alken is a village in Skanderborg Municipality Denmark.
 Baryczka [baˈrɨt͡ʂka] (Ukrainian: Баричка Barychka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Niebylec 10 km (6 mi) east of Strzyżów and 18 km (11 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gajew [ˈɡajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Żychlin 27 km (17 mi) east of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Mazraeh-ye Masud Barani va Shorkadh (Persian: مزرعه مسعود باراني و شركاڈ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mas‘ūd Bārānī va Shorkāɖ) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khanqah (Persian: خانقاه‎ also Romanized as Khānqāh Khāngāh and Khūngeh) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 18 families.
 Perumanadu	(Tamil: Perumanadu ) is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Klimontów [kliˈmɔntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) west of Góra and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Lejławki Małe [lɛi̯ˈwafki ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Grünheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Orneta 33 km (21 mi) west of Lidzbark Warmiński and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1103 in 205 families.
 Odžak (Serbian: Оџак) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wierzchy [ˈvjɛʂxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Koluszki and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nemazja (Persian: نمازجا‎ also Romanized as Nemāzjā) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 26 families.
 Sarab-e Rahim Khan (Persian: سراب رحيم خان‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Raḩīm Khān; also known as Sarāb) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 728 in 139 families.
 Bhumlutar is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2284 and had 414 houses in it.
 Bijuwa is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5086.
 Modrzejewo [mɔdʐɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchomie within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Tuchomie 12 km (7 mi) west of Bytów and 89 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 386.
 Rang Mahal (Hindi: ) is a Village in Suratgarh tehsil of Ganganagar District in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
 Gudamakeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India. Chikkodi taluka is the largest with an area of 1995.70 km and Raybag taluka is the smallest with an area of 958.8 km . The district comprises three revenue sub-divisions and six police sub-divisions. Apart from the Belgaum City Corporation there are 17 municipalities 20 towns 485 gram panchayats 1138 habitated villages and 26 non-habitated villages.
 Kariz (Persian: كاريز‎ also Romanized as Kārīz) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 376 in 83 families.
 Taherabad (Persian: طاهراباد‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 21 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Arab (Persian: مزرعه عرب‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Arab; also known as ‘Arab) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tal-e Khaki (Persian: تل خاكي‎ also Romanized as Tal-e Khākī) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 64 families.
 Dharmapuri is a town and mandal headquarters in Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh India. Dharmapuri Assembly constituency is a SC reserved constituency of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly India. It is one among 13 constituencies in Karimnagar district.
 Kolun-e Bala (Persian: كلون بالا‎ also Romanized as Kolūn-e Bālā; also known as Kālūn Kolūn-e Pā’īn Kolūn Pā’īn Qal‘eh-i-Kalūm and Qal‘eh Kalūn) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Padari (Persian: پدري‎ also Romanized as Padarī and Padrī; also known as Pardī) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Shakar Ab (Persian: شكراب‎ also Romanized as Shakar Āb) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 74 families.
 Międzywodzie [mjɛnd͡zɨˈvɔd͡ʑɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziwnów within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dziwnów 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Kamień Pomorski and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Rashovite is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Gasil (Persian: گسيل‎ also Romanized as Gasīl and Kasīl) is a village in Nesa Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 59 families.
 Klekowiec [klɛˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomsko within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Radomsko and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Waradiwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Temska is a village in the Pirot municipality in south-eastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 908 people.
 Telgha is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3051 people living in 577 individual households.
 Żelisławice [ʐɛliswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Secemin 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Włoszczowa and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 440.
 Bolków [ˈbɔlkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Ostrówek 12 km (7 mi) north of Wieluń and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vandayarriruppu is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Mazraeh-ye Now-e Chahuk (Persian: مزرعه نوچاهوك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Now-e Chāhūk; also known as Homāyūnābād and Mazra‘eh-ye Now) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 18 families.
 Ptaki [ˈptaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chmielnik-Kolonia [ˈxmʲɛlɲik kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 70 families.
 Bashm is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Ravela is a remote village 18 km from Guntur City which is located in Tadikonda Mandal of Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 Alakan (Persian: الاكان‎ also Romanized as Ālākān and Alākān; also known as Ālkān) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 15 families.
 Kidi (Persian: كيدي‎ also Romanized as Kīdī) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Łączka [ˈwɔnt͡ʂka] is a village in Gmina Dębowiec Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 288 (2004). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia and was first mentioned in a written document in 1466.
 Savahel (Persian: سواحل‎ also Romanized as Savāḩel) is a village in Chah-e Mobarak Rural District Chah-e Mobarak District Asaluyeh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 375 in 69 families.
 Shahran (Persian: شهران‎ also Romanized as Shahrān; also known as Shārān and Shiaran) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 93 families.
 Kaidupur is an Indian village situated in Patiala District Punjab. It lies on the Nabha-Bhadson road with Nabha being nine km away on one side and Bhadson on the other.
 Kłudzie [ˈkwud͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Solec nad Wisłą 8 km (5 mi) east of Lipsko and 130 km (81 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Deh-e Hajji Abbas Khan (Persian: ده حاجي عباس خان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩājjī ‘Abbās Khān; also known as Deh-e Ḩājj ‘Abbās Khān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 439 in 85 families.
 Nowe Zawady [ˈnɔvɛ zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Talkhab Zahedan (Persian: تلخاب‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 16 families.
 Tenkanidyoor is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Udupi taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Pieńki Niechodzkie [ˈpjɛɲki ɲɛˈxɔt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sobienie Murowane [sɔˈbjɛɲɛ murɔˈvanɛ] is the part of Sobienie Szlacheckie village Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 21 km (13 mi) south of Otwock and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Aidalpur is a village in Shahkot. Shahkot is a town in the district Jalandhar of the Indian state of Punjab.
 Małacentów [mawaˈt͡sɛntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Łagów and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 67.
 Bojnu-ye Sofla (Persian: بجنوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bojnū-ye Soflá) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Talfita (Arabic: تلفيتا) is a Syrian village in the Al-Tall District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Talfita had a population of 4082 in the 2004 census.
 Kule is a small village in Sangameshwar tehsil of district Ratnagiri.
 Poljaci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 393 people.
 Wola Dłużniewska [ˈvɔla dwuʐˈɲefska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Baboszewo 10 km (6 mi) north of Płońsk and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Działy [ˈd͡ʑawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnożyły within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Czarnożyły 9 km (6 mi) north of Wieluń and 82 km (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bejjanki is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.The Beijjanki Mandal is home to the famed Sri Lakshimi Narasimha Swamy temple wherein the Mandal's largest Jathara is held every Summer. This temple is a prominent tourist attraction especially for people from nearby villages and cities such as Hydarabad and Mumbai. Bejjanki Mandal is known for its beauty and the co-operative skills of the local villagers.
 Szumanie-Pejory [ʂuˈmaɲɛ pɛˈjɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Zawidz 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Sierpc and 100 km (62 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 60.
 Błotka [ˈbwɔtka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) west of Toruń.The village has a population of 40.
 Aliabad-e Shur (Persian: علي ابادشور‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Shūr) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 506 in 154 families.
 Qezel Lu (Persian: قزللو‎ also Romanized as Qezel Lū and Qezellū) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 54 families.
 Natkyigon is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Sali-ye Kuchek (Persian: سالي كوچك‎ also Romanized as Salī-ye Kūchek; also known as Salī) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 19 families.
 Stary Kiełbów [ˈstarɨ ˈkʲɛu̯buf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sinji Vir is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 251 people.
 Zofianka [zɔˈfjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Poniatowa 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Lewisetta is an unincorporated village on Travis Point in Northumberland County Virginia. Lewisetta is located on the tidal Potomac River. It is also atthe point where the 38th parallel meets the mainland of Virginia.
 Włochy [ˈvwɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Domaszowice 17 km (11 mi) east of Namysłów and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Stara Wieś Trzecia [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Bychawa and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 308.
 Jeleniec [jɛˈlɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Papowo Biskupie 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Chełmno 28 km (17 mi) north of Toruń and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 560.
 Tvrdimići (Serbian: Тврдимићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Novo Sarajevo.
 Ibrahimpally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Strzeszyce [stʂɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laskowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Laskowa 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Limanowa and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Jir Deh (Persian: جيرده‎ also Romanized as Jīr Deh; also known as Jardi Jowr Deh Jūr Deh and Jurdi) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 28 families.
 Wynki [ˈvɨnki] (German: Wönicken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łukta 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 240.
 Aliabad-e Khaleseh (Persian: علي ابادخالصه‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Khāleṣeh; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District Jalilabad District Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 29 families.
 Kosut (Persian: كسوت‎ also Romanized as Kosūt) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 33 families.
 Rahal (Persian: رهال‎ also Romanized as Rahāl) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 958 in 234 families.
 Veyleh (Persian: ويله‎; also known as Veyleh-ye Yek) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 260 in 50 families.
 Niavol (Persian: نياول‎ also Romanized as Nīāvol Neyavol Niaval and Niya Vel; also known as Nīāvalā and Niāwala) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 32 families.
 Mieliwo [mjɛˈlivɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Zbiczno 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Seh Gonbad (Persian: سه گنبد‎) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 32 families.
 Yadabad-e Olya (Persian: يادابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Yādābād-e Olyá) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 17 families.
 Machnówek [maxˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Ulhówek 35 km (22 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 132 km (82 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 170.
 Karvansara (Persian: كاروانسرا‎ also Romanized as Kārvānsarā) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 43 families.
 Potkraj (Serbian: Поткрај) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Twin Oaks is a village in St. Louis County Missouri United States. The population was 392 at the 2010 census.
 Abrud (Persian: ابرود‎ also Romanized as Ābrūd; also known as Uru) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1636 in 420 families.
 Layjand (Persian: لايجند‎ also Romanized as Lāyjand and Lāyjond; also known as Lāgund Lā’ījond Lārījand and Lījand) is a village in Cheshmeh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Khvansar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 54 families.
 Przyłęk [ˈpʂɨwɛŋk] is a village in Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przyłęk. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Zwoleń and 111 km (69 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Skic [skit͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Złotów and 104 km (65 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 500.
 Labani (Persian: لبني‎ also Romanized as Labanī) is a village in Bemani Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 434 in 81 families.
 Qarajeh Qayah (Persian: قراجه قيه‎ also Romanized as Qarājeh Qayah) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 20 families.
 Dimah Mil Sofla (Persian: ديمه ميل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Dīmah Mīl Soflá; also known as Dīmeh-ye Mīl-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 28 families.
 Khommi (Persian: خمي‎ also Romanized as Khommī; also known as Khomeyn) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 91 families.
 Çayörengüney is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 130 people.
 Dominase is a village in the Bekwai Municipal district a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
 Bokane is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D69 highway.
 Ab Hamam-e Amir ol Mowmenin (Persian: اب حمام اميرالمومنين‎ also Romanized as Āb Ḩamām-e Āmīr ol Mowmenīn) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 17 families.
 Demirlipınar is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 728 people.
 Tolombeh-ye Hajj Fathollah Mohammady (Persian: تلمبه حاج فتح الله محمدئ‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩājj Fatḩollah Moḩammady) is a village in Banaruiyeh Rural District Banaruiyeh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zielonka [ʑeˈlɔŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 61 km (38 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Jhule is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2491 people living in 489 individual households.
 Zig (Persian: زيگ‎ also Romanized as Zīg) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 56 families.
 Maleszów [maˈlɛʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Bobrowo [bɔˈbrɔvɔ] (formerly German Dietersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złocieniec within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Złocieniec 18 km (11 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 324.
 Voore is a village in Saare Parish Jõgeva County in Estonia. With a population of the village was 320 (As of 2011) it's the largest village in the municipality.Voore was the site of Medieval knight manor Roela Manor (Rojel). It was first mentioned in the 16th century when it belonged to the von Brackels. After that it was owned by the von Wrangells and from 1725 till the dispossession in 1919 to the von Lipharts. The historicist 2-storey main building was built in the 1850s–60s.
 Lamidada is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3601 people living in 811 individual households.
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبدالله اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād and ‘Abdullāhābād) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1614 in 368 families.
 Chahar Qash (Persian: چهارقاش‎ also Romanized as Chahār Qāsh) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 48 families.
 Gil Mały [ˈɡil ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Miłomłyn 15 km (9 mi) west of Ostróda and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Mavinakatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Yalınlıgediği Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ada (or Adaköy) is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province Turkey. At 36°54′N 32°54′E it is situated in the mountainous area to the south east of Karaman. It is called Ada (meaning island) because it is almost surrounded by creeks. Its distance to Karaman is 65 kilometres (40 mi). The population of the village was 435 as of 2011.
 Kilnamartyra Kilnamartery or Kilnamartra (Irish: Cill na Martra meaning church of the martyr Irish pronunciation: [ˈkʲiːlʲ n̪ˠə ˈmʷɑrˠtˠərˠə] ) is a small village in west County Cork Ireland. It is close to Macroom within the Muskerry Gaeltacht.There are several amenities in the village such as the local GAA pitch and two pubs. The local national school is called Scoil Lachtain Naofa.
 Çiğdemlik is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Tambave is small village located in the Satara District of Maharashtra state of India. It is located on Karad-Patan state highway. It is 12 km west to Karad City and nearly 30 km from Koyana Dam. Its name has been derived from the name of goddess 'Tamjai' . It is 4th largest village in Karad Tahasil with popuataion of around 12000 and is situated on the bank of Koyana river. Due to its population it has emerging political importance.
 Uhlířská Lhota is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qosheh Tut (Persian: قشه توت‎ also Romanized as Qosheh Tūt) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 662 in 161 families.
 Kutlubeyyazıcılar is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 595 people.
 Kurówko [kuˈrufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Przasnysz and 77 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Layizkarim (Persian: لايزكريم‎ also Romanized as Lāyīzkarīm) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 26 families.
 Orkanów [ɔrˈkanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Chah-e Kichi Mianro (Persian: چاه حاجی کیچی میانرو ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 18 families.
 Aaigem is a village belonging to the municipality of Erpe-Mere. It is located in the province of East Flanders Belgium. The village has some 2000 inhabitants. Aaigem was an independent municipality with an area of 7.32 square kilometers till 1976.
 Stare Strącze [ˈstarɛ ˈstrɔnt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sława 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Wschowa and 46 km (29 mi) east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 1269.
 Laski [ˈlaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 1400.
 Łagiewniki [waɡʲɛvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Niemce and 7 km (4 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1456 in 391 families.
 Bon Darreh (Persian: بن دره‎ also Romanized as Bondareh) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 17 families.
 Çamlıca is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. n the road connecting Mut to Ermenek. The distance to Mut is 30 kilometres (19 mi) and to Mersin is 195 kilometres (121 mi). Population of Çamlıca is 508. as of 2011.
 Nowy Olechów [ˈnɔvɨ ɔˈlɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 130 km (81 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 60.
 Lir Abi (Persian: ليرابي‎ also Romanized as Līr Ābī; also known as Līr) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 55 families.
 Nomgaz (Persian: نمگاز‎ also Romanized as Nomgāz) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 64 families.
 Popielów [pɔˈpjɛluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Węgrów and 68 km (42 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 380.
 Gökçeler is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Shirkol is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Nowy Folwark [ˈnɔvɨ ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Leśniowice 21 km (13 mi) south of Chełm and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nahr-e Mian (Persian: نهرميان‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Mīān Nahr Meyān Nahr Mīān and Nahrmiyān; also known as Haran) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1650 in 424 families.
 Balia is a village and principal settlement of the commune of Koulou in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.
 Dupljane is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 161 people.
 Jodeliszki [jɔdɛˈliʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Sejny and 121 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Szpetal Górny [ˈʂpɛtal ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Fabianki 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Włocławek and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 1856.
 Bulanık is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 393 people.
 Wesley Chapel is a village in Union County North Carolina United States. The population was 2549 at the 2000 census.
 Wymysłów [vɨˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borkowice within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Borkowice 6 km (4 mi) south of Przysucha and 103 km (64 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ruzaneh (Persian: روزنه‎ also Romanized as Rūzaneh and Rowzaneh; also known as Ruzīneh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 22 families.
 Shahrak-e Vahdat (Persian: شهرك وحدت‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Vaḩdat; also known as Shahrak-e Vaḩdat-e Bīsheh Derāz) is a village in Anaran Rural District in the Central District of Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 716 in 148 families.
 Shamdhara is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the north of the district where it borders Batagram District.
 Baba Arab (Persian: باباعرب‎ also Romanized as Bābā ‘Arab; also known as ‘Alavīyeh Bāb-e ‘Arab and Bāb-i-Arab) is a village in Alaviyeh Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2238 in 537 families.
 Stražbenice (Serbian: Стражбенице) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chavan-e Sofla (Persian: چوان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chavān-e Soflá; also known as Chavān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1169 in 275 families.
 Malhaniya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5948 people living in 1137 individual households.
 Byszewy [bɨˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 250.
 Rupin [ˈrupin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Młynarze 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 86 km (53 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Darreh-ye Mir Nasr (Persian: داره ميرناصر‎ also Romanized as Dārreh-ye Mīr Nāṣr) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Naimiyeh-ye Seyyed Naser (Persian: نعميه سيدناصر‎ also Romanized as Na‘īmīyeh-ye Seyyed Nāşer; also known as Na‘mīyeh-ye Nāşer) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 7 families.
 Chomętowo [xɔmɛnˈtɔvɔ] (formerly German Gumtow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeżno within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Brzeżno 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Świdwin and 90 km (56 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mazraeh-ye Tayfeh Galeh Zan (Persian: مزرعه طايفه گله زن‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ţāyfeh Galeh Zan) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Podlasie [pɔdˈlaɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Řisuty is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Gümüşdamla is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Banu (Persian: بنو‎ also Romanized as Banū) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szymankowszczyzna [ʂɨmaŋkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Laneh Shahi (Persian: لانه شاهي‎ also Romanized as Lūneh Shāhī) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sri Kurmam is a Village near Srikakulam Andhra Pradesh India.It is located approximately 13 kilometers east of Srikakulam town near the sea. It is in the Gara Mandal of Srikakulam district.
 Haftshuiyeh (Persian: هفت شوئيه‎ also Romanized as Haftshū’īyeh Haft Shū’īyeh Haftshūyeh and Haft Shūyeh) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1248 in 332 families.
 Khatunabad-e Mohimi (Persian: خاتون ابادمهيمي‎ also Romanized as Khātūnābād-e Mohīmī; also known as Khatoon Abad Hoomeh Khātūnābād and Khātūnābād-e Hūmeh) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Winnica [vinˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brudzeń Duży 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Płock and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Sar Asiab-e Yusefi (Persian: سراسياب يوسفي‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Yūsefī; also known as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1015 in 191 families.
 Quill Lake is a village in east central Saskatchewan Canada. It is located 160 km east of Saskatoon and 200 km northeast of Regina. The village is located just to the northwest of Big Quill Lake and Little Quill Lake. It is a designated Western Hemisphere Shorebird Reserve Network Site where many migrating shorebirds stop during long migrations. Because of this it is also known by its residents as the Goose Capital of Saskatchewan.
 Stoczek-Kolonia [ˈstɔt͡ʂɛk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Niemce and 12 km (7 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mańczok [ˈmaɲt͡ʂɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 4.
 Szkopy [ˈʂkɔpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Sokołów Podlaski and 100 km (62 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Cheshmeh-ye Mulid (Persian: چشمه موليد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Mūlīd; also known as Cheshmeh and Chashmeh) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 10 families.
 Jeziorno [jɛˈʑɔrnɔ] (German: Lautensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Dzierzgoń 18 km (11 mi) east of Sztum and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 Shiocton is a village in Outagamie County Wisconsin United States. The population was 921 at the 2010 census.
 Komarna is a village in southern Dalmatia Croatia in the municipality of Slivno; population 167 (2011). It is located near the larger village of Klek.The village is south of the Neretva Delta 70 km north of Dubrovnik on the coast of Mali Ston Bay overlooking the Pelješac peninsula.[citation needed]
 Darvishan Bar (Persian: درويشانبر‎ also Romanized as Darvīshān Bar; also known as Darvīshāneh Bar) is a village in Divshal Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 772 in 222 families.
 Gliny [ˈɡlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Rychwał 25 km (16 mi) south of Konin and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gorsyang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3412 living in 637 individual households.
 Abu Mosheyleysh (Persian: ابومشيلش‎ also Romanized as Abū Mosheyleysh Aboo Meshilesh and Abū Mashīlīsh) is a village in Muran Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 41 families.
 Sowmaeh (Persian: صومعه‎ also Romanized as Şowma‘eh) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 42 families.
 Sanjaq (Persian: سنجاق‎ also Romanized as Sanjāq) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 479 in 89 families.
 Pathiramanal is a small island inMuhamma panchayat of Alappuzha district. The name 'Pathiramanal' means 'Sands of night'. The scenic beauty of both sides of the lake as well as that of the island is mind blowing. It is home to many rare varieties of migratory birds from different parts of the world.
 Wielisławice [vjɛliswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Szczecinek and 151 km (94 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Kohnab-e Vasat (Persian: کهناب وسط‎ also Romanized as Kohnāb-e Vasaţ; also known as Konāb-e Vasaţ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Baz Qaleh-ye Akbar (Persian: بازقلعه اكبر‎ also Romanized as Bāz Qal‘eh-ye Akbar and Bāz Qal‘eh-e Akbar) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 949 in 261 families.
 Chalin [ˈxalin] (German: Hallingen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dobrzyń nad Wisłą 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Lipno and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 530.
 Kravica (Cyrillic: Кравица) is a predominantly Serb populated village in the Bratunac municipality near Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 1991 it had a population of 357 of whom 353 were declared as Serbs with no declared Bosniaks Croats or Yugoslavs. During the 1992-95 Bosnian War the village was badly damaged in the 1993 attack and in 1995 was place of a major killings during the Srebrenica massacre.
 Gerd-e Kashan (Persian: گردكاشان‎ also Romanized as Gerd-e Kāshān) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 380 in 71 families.
 Potladurthi is a village in Kadapa district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Situated in the bank of Penna River on the way of Yeraaguntla and Proddatur road in the area of 4336 acres with the population around 8000 to 9000.This village is famous for black stone business. The stones called Kadapa stones (black stone) are mined from the mines of this village. The Kadapa stones have a reputation throughout the world as these stones are exported to other countries.
 Lenzi (Persian: لنزي‎ also Romanized as Lenzī) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 32 families.
 Abgasht-e Madui (Persian: ابگشت مدوئي‎ also Romanized as Ābgasht-e Madū’ī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 464 in 104 families.
 Vrtlinska is a village in the municipality Čazma Bjelovar-Bilogora County in Croatia. According to the 2001 census there are 222 inhabitants in 76 of family households.Vrtlinska is located on the north-western slopes of Moslavačka gora.
 Kouroudel is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Borów-Kolonia [ˈbɔruf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Anjirestan (Persian: انجيرستان‎ also Romanized as Ānjīrestān) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 27 families.
 Pikule [piˈkulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Janów Lubelski and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Komjan (Persian: كمجان‎ also Romanized as Komjān) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 80 families.
 Tuczno [ˈtut͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Pobiedziska and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.In 2004 the village had a population of 130. It lies on the southern edge of the Puszcza Zielonka forest and landscape park. It is close to a series of lakes and contains a large complex of vacation properties.
 Żdżary [ˈʐd͡ʐarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Drzewica 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Boyundere is a village in the District of Tut Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Żarnowo Drugie [ʐarˈnɔvɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Shurestan (Persian: شورستان‎ also Romanized as Shūrestān) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 23 families.
 Kvithammer or Kvithammar is a village in the Skatval area of the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the western part of the municipality about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northwest of the municipal center of Stjørdalshalsen. The 0.17-square-kilometre (42-acre) village has a population (2009) of 234.
 Mazraeh-ye Qomeseriha (Persian: مزرعه قمصريها‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Qomeşerīhā) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kapur Chal (Persian: كپورچال‎ also Romanized as Kapūr Chāl) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 504 in 144 families.
 Orost (Persian: ارست‎; also known as Owrost) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 895 in 222 families.
 Wola Grabska [ˈvɔla ˈɡrapska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Aznab-e Sofla (Persian: ازناب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Aznāb-e Soflā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population count was 395 persons in 85 families.
 Pršeši (Cyrillic: Пршеши) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tabelot is a village and rural commune in Niger. As of 2011 the commune had a total population of 32431 people.
 Jow-e Pain (Persian: جوپايين‎ also Romanized as Jow-e Pā’īn Jowpā’īn and Jūpa’īn) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 30 families.
 Ruda Solska [ˈruda ˈsɔlska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 330.
 Palmetto Bay is a Miami suburban incorporated village in Miami-Dade County Florida United States. The population was 24469 at the 2000 census.Palmetto Bay includes two census-designated places defined in the 2000 census Cutler and East Perrine.
 Paimvere is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.Politician and journalist Mihkel Martna (1860– 1934) was born in Paimvere.
 Novoselci (Serbian: Новоселци) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Radičevac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 59 people.
 Nur ol Arash (Persian: نورالعرش‎ also Romanized as Nūr ol ‘Arash) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rutki-Jatki [ˈrutki ˈjatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘īdābād and Saiyidābād; also known as Sa‘id Abad Kharaghan Gharbi) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 24 families.
 Gavkan-e Bagh (Persian: گاوكان باغ‎ also Romanized as Gāvkān-e Bāgh; also known as Gāvkān Bālā) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Olmai-ye Olya (Persian: الماي عليا‎ also Romanized as Olmāī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Owlmā-ye Bālā and Ūlmā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 36 families.
 Qaleh-ye Azizabad (Persian: قلعه عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Azīzābād; also known as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 78 families.
 Nadolice Wielkie [nadɔˈlit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Nädlitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernica within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Czernica and 14 km (9 mi) east of the centrum regional capital Wrocław.
 Lipice [liˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-west of Konin and 87 km (54 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Nowa Morawa [ˈnɔva mɔˈrava] (German: Neu Mohrau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Stronie Śląskie 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-east of Kłodzko and 100 kilometres (62 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 40.
 Gowjeh Qia (Persian: گوجه قيا‎ also Romanized as Gowjeh Qīā Gowjeh Qīyā Gaujeh Qiya and Gowjeh Qayā; also known as Gogjeh Ghiya Gowgjaqayā Gowgjeh Qayeh Gowgjeh Qīeh Gowjeh Qayeh and Goyudzha-Kaya) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 125 families.
 Ilchi-ye Bala (Persian: ايلچي بالا‎ also Romanized as Īlchī-ye Bālā; also known as Īlchī) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Al-Dar al-Kabirah (Arabic: الدار الكبيرة‎ also spelled Dar al-Kabera) is a town in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate forming a northwestern suburb of Homs. Nearby localities include Khirbet al-Sawda to the west and al-Ghantoo and Teir Maalah to the northeast. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) al-Dar al-Kabirah had a population of 7280 in the 2004 census.
 Semetiš (Cyrillic: Семетиш) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kaj (Persian: كاج‎ also Romanized as Kāj; also known as Gāch Kaj and Qāch Kaj) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3774 in 800 families.
 Garyp (Dutch: Garijp) is a small village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 1900 citizens (2008).
 Sarposhteh (Persian: سرپشته‎) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lojanice is a village in the municipality of Vladimirci Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 641 people.
 Chah-e Shur (Persian: چاه شور‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shūr) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 7 families.
 Trzciniec [ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Karkhaneh-ye Ard (Persian: کارخانه آرد‎ also Romanized as Kārkhāneh-ye Ārd) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yontukyazı is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 783 people.
 Kasma (Persian: كسما‎ also Romanized as Kasmā and Kasmā’) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1785 in 499 families.
 Kalilan (Persian: كليلان‎ also Romanized as Kalīlān) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Penchalakona (http://www.penchalakona.com/)BriefThis is a very ancient sacred place (pilgrim centre). Lord Narasimha manifested Himself here as a huge of rock in “Yoga mudra” (in an entwined contemplative posture) and hence it acquired the name of “Penusila” (huge rock) and in course of time became famous as “Penchalakona”.
 Shabanluy-e Olya (Persian: شعبانلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Sha‘bānlūy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bīlehverdī and Pīleh Verdī) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 70 families.
 Zladovce is a village in the municipality of Trgovište in southeastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 114 people.
 Gołąb-Kolonia [ˈɡɔwɔmp kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Akhtar Shah (Persian: اخترشاه‎ also Romanized as Akhtar Shāh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khong Azhdar-e Ali Ayavel (Persian: خنگ اژدرعلياي اول‎ also Romanized as Khong Azhdar-e ʿAlī Āyāvel) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Nyelv (Northern Sami: Ođđajohka) is a small village in Nesseby Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located along the southern coast of the Varangerfjorden along the European route E06 highway. The statistical area Nyelv which also includes the peripheral parts of the village as well as the surrounding countryside has a population of 30. There are two burial mounds from the Neolithic Age located near Nyelv. The village area was named after the local river Nyelva.
 Sattarabad (Persian: ستاراباد‎ also Romanized as Sattārābād) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 16 families.
 Urzejowice [uʐɛjɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Ужейовичі Uzheyovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Przeworsk and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1800.
 Kyudzha is a village in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Padina (Bulgarian: Падина) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria located in a valley at the foot of Mount St. Elias (1001m). It is located 195.32 kilometres (121.37 mi) from Sofia14.8 kilometres (9.2 mi) southwest of Ardino and 4.8 kilometres (3.0 mi) by road south of Byal izvor.
 Belgium is a village in Vermilion County Illinois United States. It is part of the Danville Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 466 at the 2000 census.
 Karczmiska [kart͡ʂˈmiska] is a village in Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Karczmiska. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Opole Lubelskie and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 800.
 Vojvoda Stepa (Serbian Cyrillic: Војвода Степа) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Nova Crnja municipality in the Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The population of the village numbering 1720 people (2002 census) of whom majority are ethnic Serbs.
 Chikkanarti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Doymuş Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Štulac is a village in the municipality of Vrnjačka Banja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1142 people.
 Padarvand-e Sofla (Persian: پادروندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Pādarvand-e Soflá; also known as Bādervand-e Soflá and Pā Darband) is a village in Rumeshkhan-e Gharbi Rural District Rumeshkhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 139 families.
 Kraśnik Dolny [ˈkraɕnik ˈdɔlnɨ] (German: Niederschönfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Bolesławiec and 103 km (64 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 640.
 Chah-e Paskuleh (Persian: چاه پس كله‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Paskhūleh) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Khaziriat (Persian: خضيريات‎ also Romanized as Khaẕīrīāt Khazīrīāt and Khazīrīyāt; also known as Khadairāth Khafīrīyāt Khazarīāt Khaẕrīāt Kheẕerīāt Khezeryāt and Khezīrīyāt) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 7 families.
 Bommanal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Konarzewo-Sławki [kɔnaˈʐɛvɔ ˈswafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek 16 km (10 mi) east of Ciechanów and 70 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kullamäe is a village in Jõelähtme Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Khowban Razgah (Persian: خوبان رزگاه‎ also Romanized as Khowbān Razgāh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 706 in 197 families.
 Khuy Dul (Persian: خوي دول‎ also Romanized as Khūy Dūl) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Miłcz [miu̯t͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Pokrzywianka [pɔkʂɨˈvjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Klimontów 25 km (16 mi) west of Sandomierz and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Yarali-ye Olya (Persian: يارعلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Yār‘alī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Yār‘alī-ye Bālā) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Wola Raniżowska [ˈvɔla raniˈʐɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raniżów within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Raniżów 16 km (10 mi) east of Kolbuszowa and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dehkadeh-ye Taleqani (Persian: دهكده طالقاني‎ also Romanized as Dehkadeh-ye Ţāleqānī) is a village in Ramjin Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 82 families.
 Racibory [rat͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Radziłów 28 km (17 mi) south of Grajewo and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Khánh Tiến is a commune (xã) and village in U Minh District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Wycinki [vɨˈt͡ɕinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of Konin and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 30.
 Razaviyeh (Persian: رضويه‎ also Romanized as Raẕavīyeh and Raẕavīeh; also known as Rīzgūn) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Mount Eaton is a village in Wayne County Ohio United States. The population was 241 at the 2010 census.
 Aq Bolagh-e Aqdaq (Persian: اقبلاغ اق داق‎ also Romanized as Āq Bolāgh-e Āqdāq; also known as Aghbolagh Aghdagh Āq Bolagh Āq Bolāgh Aqbolāgh Dāgh and Āq Būlāq) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1033 in 239 families.
 Janowice [janɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mełgiew 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Świdnik and 14 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sar Tang-e Soleyman Koshteh (Persian: سرتنگ سليمان كشته‎ also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Soleymān Koshteh) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 10 families.
 Zirabiyeh (Persian: زيرابيه‎ also Romanized as Zīrābīyeh Zīr Ābīyeh and Zīrābyeh; also known as Zīrīneh) is a village in Almahdi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 38 families.
 Tavileh-ye Yek (Persian: طويله يك‎ also Romanized as Ţavīleh-ye Yek) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Adichapuram is a village in the Mannargudi taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Çatalçam is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Peynirli Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 246 people.
 Nowa Wieś Królewska [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ kruˈlɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Płużnica 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Wąbrzeźno and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Dresden is an abandoned village in Brazeau Township in Perry County Missouri.
 Olszewnica Stara [ɔlʂɛvˈnit͡sa ˈstara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliszew within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Wieliszew 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Legionowo and 26 km (16 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Ruila (German: Ruil) is a village in Kernu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Qasem Begi (Persian: قاسمبگي‎ also Romanized as Qāsem Begī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stara Maszyna [ˈstara maˈʂɨna] (Kashubian: Stôrô Maszina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Sierakowice 19 km (12 mi) west of Kartuzy and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
 Mian Dar Zarneh (Persian: مياندارزرنه‎ also Romanized as Mīān Dār Zarneh; also known as Mīān Dār) is a village in Zarneh Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Varmahlíð is a small village near Skagafjörður in northern Iceland.Around 140 people live on the eastern slope of the hill for which the town is named (varmur=warm hlíð=slope).Varmahlíð is on the ring road Route 1 at the junction of Route 75 leading to Sauðárkrókur about 24 km to the north. Varmahlíð is in the middle of a flourishing agricultural area where the Icelandic horse has been treasured for centuries. One of the main industries is horse-rearing.
 Mundwad-Pimpale is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Węgierce [vɛŋˈɡʲɛrt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakość within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pakość 9 km (6 mi) west of Inowrocław 41 km (25 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Zaviyeh Mashali (Persian: زاويه مشعلي‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Mash‘alī and Zāveyeh-ye Mash‘alī; also known as Mash‘alī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 836 in 147 families.
 Jezierzyce-Osiedle [jɛʑɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 99 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1039.
 Samowo [saˈmɔvɔ] (German: Zamow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Kołobrzeg and 91 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Aliabad-e Nasir Khani (Persian: علي ابادنصيرخاني‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Naşīr Khānī; also known as Naşīr Khānī) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Karahayıt is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 584 people.
 Bandbon-e Ujargah (Persian: بندبن واجارگاه‎ also Romanized as Bandbon-e Ūjārgāh; also known as Bandbon-e Ojārgāh) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 110 families.
 Bałoszyce Małe [bawɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Bellschwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Susz 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Iława and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 36.
 Reddycherla is a village located in Prakasam district in Andhra Pradesh. It is 20 kilometers away from Giddalur. From Giddalur Buses are available to all the major cities of South India including Hyderabad Chennai TirupathiVijayawadaBangalore. Forests are located near Reddicherla and the region is surrounded by mountains.(Bhupathi Srinivas Raju)
 Klępicz [ˈklɛmpit͡ʂ] (German: Klemzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moryń within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Moryń 44 km (27 mi) south of Gryfino and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Balçıkhisar is a village in the District of Osmaneli Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 156 people.
 Gościejowice [ɡɔɕt͡ɕejɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Niemodlin and 21 km (13 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 332.Gosciejowice (German Gross Heidersdorf)
 Wały [ˈvawɨ] (German: Wallen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Szczytno and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 424.
 Kaszów [ˈkaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liszki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Liszki and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2030.
 Bubušinac is a village in the municipality of Požarevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 844 people.
 Rydzyn Szlachecki [ˈrɨd͡zɨn ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south of Mława and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ab Bid-e Kusha (Persian: ابيدكوشا‎ also Romanized as Āb Bīd-e Kūshā; also known as Ābbīd) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 56 families.
 Mahabharat is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3633 people living in 683 individual households.
 Divalak (Persian: ديوالك‎ also Romanized as Dīvālak) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khederabad (Persian: خدراباد‎ also Romanized as Khederābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 19 families.
 Abbeydorney (Irish: Mainistir Ó dTorna meaning Monastery of the clan of Torna) is a village in County Kerry in Ireland. Located 9 km north of Tralee the county town of County Kerry Abbeydorney had a population in 2002 of 1140 and forms part of the parish of Abbeydorney / Kilflynn.
 Sriramanagar is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gangawati taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodowice within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Włodowice 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 43 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Irinetsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Dorudgah (Persian: درودگاه‎ also Romanized as Dorūdgāh Darudgah and Drūdgāh; also known as Dowrūdgāh) is a village in Zirrah Rural District Sadabad District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2640 in 547 families.
 Dąbrowa Chełmińska [dɔmˈbrɔva xɛu̯ˈmiɲska] (German: Dombrowken to 1866 Damerau 1866–1942 Kulmischdamerau 1942–1945) is a village in Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska. It lies 22 km (14 mi) east of Bydgoszcz and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 1400.
 Šetonje is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality in Serbia.
 Poombarai is a village located in the heart of the Palani hills of Tamil Nadu India 18 kilometers (11 mi) from Kodaikanal. Altitude is 1920 meters (6300 ft).
 Julianowo [julʲaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Barcin 18 km (11 mi) east of Żnin and 27 km (17 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 169.
 Joghanab (Persian: جغناب‎ also Romanized as Joghanāb Jaghnāb and Jeghanāb; also known as Chaginap and Cheqanāb) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 90 families.
 Mokre [ˈmɔkrɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Konin and 88 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Darzi Kola (Persian: درزيكلا‎ also Romanized as Darzī Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 784 in 183 families.
 Dalab-e Bala (Persian: دالاببالا‎ also Romanized as Dālāb-e Bālā; also known as Dālāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 10 families.
 Piruzabad (Persian: پيروز آباد‎ also Romanized as Pīrūzābād) is a village in Kongor Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 57 families.
 Milan (Persian: ميلان‎ also Romanized as Mīlān) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 89 families.
 Perakamanna is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Satveh (Persian: سطوه‎ also Romanized as Saţveh; also known as Sadfeh Satfar and Satva) is a village in Torud Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1009 in 219 families.
 Teofilów [tɛɔˈfiluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowłódz within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Inowłódz 13 km (8 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bellaire is a village in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1086 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Antrim County. The town has a very scenic main street and is a popular location for tourists. Bellaire is also home to the Antrim County Courthouse a historic structure built in 1905. The Antrim Review the county's newspaper of record is headquartered in downtown Bellaire.
 Abbasabad-e Do (Persian: عباس آباد2‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Do; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cheshmeh-ye Chahar Qashi (Persian: چشمه چهار قاشي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Chahār Qāshī; also known as Tang-e Moḩammad Reẕā and Cheshmeh-ye Chahār Qāsh) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dibecik is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tuchi Payeh Bast (Persian: توچي پايه بست‎ also Romanized as Tūchī Pāyeh Bast) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 63 families.
 Skirsnemunė is a village in Jurbarkas district municipality Tauragė County Lithuania. It is situated on the Neman River about 9 km from Jurbarkas. According to the 2001 census it had 950 residents. The village traces it history to Christmemel a fortress built by the Teutonic Knights on a nearby hill fort in 1313. The fortress was abandoned in 1328. The town church was funded by the last will of Mykolas son of Jonas Kęsgaila in 1523. Skirsnemunė received Magdeburg rights in 1792.
 Globočec Ludbreški is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Bonin [ˈbɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Sarnaki 22 km (14 mi) east of Łosice and 139 km (86 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Sirdar-e Pain (Persian: سيردرپائين‎ also Romanized as Sīrdar-e Pā’īn; also known as Sīrdar) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 10 families.
 Abbenahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Malur taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Savinac is a village in the municipality of Bojnik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 41 people.
 Olszynka [ɔlˈʂɨnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Lubrza 9 km (6 mi) east of Prudnik and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gol Khandan (Persian: گلخندان‎ also Romanized as Gol Khandān) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Wayland is a village in Steuben County New York United States. The population was 1893 at the 2000 census.The Village of Wayland is in north part of the Town of Wayland near the north border of Steuben County.
 Pazin (Persian: پزين‎ also Romanized as Pazīn and Pezīn) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Jeroniki [jɛrɔˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Choroszcz and 10 km (6 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village is considered part of Metropolitan Białystok in order to help economically develop the region.
 Skorocice [skɔrɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wiślica 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Busko-Zdrój and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīdābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 15 families.
 Khollar (Persian: خلار‎ also Romanized as Khollār) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 64 families.
 Kamenka is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Dhikura is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the town had a population of 3996 living in 728 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 4542 of which 62% was literate.
 Zacisze [zaˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wartkowice 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shamsabad-e Olya (Persian: شمس ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shamsābād and Shamsīābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 12 families.
 Daryas (Persian: درياس‎ also Romanized as Daryās) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 25 families.
 Kruszewiec [kruˈʂɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Lubochnia 8 km (5 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tetrabad (Persian: تترآباد‎ also Romanized as Tetrābād) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 23 families.
 Darzi Naqib Kola (Persian: درزي نقيب كلا‎ also Romanized as Darzī Naqīb Kolā) is a village in Pazevar Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1330 in 360 families.
 Moghanlu (Persian: مغانلو‎ also Romanized as Moghānlū; also known as Maganlu and Maqanlu) is a village in Gorgin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 23 families.
 Szkucin [ˈʂkut͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ruda Maleniecka 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Końskie and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 250.
 Nowa Cerekwia [ˈnɔva t͡sɛˈrɛkfja] (German: Deutsch Neukirch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kietrz 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Głubczyce and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 922.
 Pangili is a tiny and remote village in Rapur Taluk of Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Archalbot is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1650 people living in 333 individual households.The paddy fields for rice farming and the terraces are a characteristic of the village area. Nearby is the Tamang community of Phurano Dobar which was recently installed with a clean water system.
 Mustanina is a village in Vaivara Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kuruk (Persian: كوروك‎ also Romanized as Kūrūk and Korūk; also known as Qūryūg) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 80 families.
 Shahid Qalanbar (Persian: شهيدقلنبر‎ also Romanized as Shahīd Qalanbar) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 451 in 81 families.
 Naru (Persian: نارو‎ also Romanized as Nārū; also known as Nārak and Tārak) is a village in Aliabad Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 36 families.
 Zbeltowice [zbɛltɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Bejsce 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Lithium is a village located in Perry County Missouri. The population was 89 at the 2010 census. An Associated Press article from 2001 however states that about 50 people in fact reside there but may have been counted as part of Perry County's rural population.Lithium had a ZIP Code of 63775 but it has since been declared by the United States Postal Service to be Not Acceptable - Use Perryville.
 Belathur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bangalore South taluk of Bangalore Urban district in Karnataka.
 Trachy [ˈtraxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnicowice within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Sośnicowice 13 km (8 mi) west of Gliwice and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 791.
 Hasasaneh-ye Bala (Persian: حساسنه بالا‎ also Romanized as Ḩasāsaneh-ye Bālā; also known as Ḩasāsaneh-ye Yek) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 24 families.
 Barneveld is a village in Iowa County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1231 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Tulak (Persian: تولك‎ also Romanized as Tūlak) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 33 families.
 Kharkushi (Persian: خركوشي‎ also Romanized as Kharkūshī; also known as Gūshkī Kargūshkī Kar Gūshkī Khargūshī and Kharguskki) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 773 in 138 families.
 Taleža (Cyrillic: Талежа) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jasień [ˈjaɕeɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Chmielnik and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 190.
 Goraniec [ɡɔˈraɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Khong Kamalvand (Persian: خنگ كمال وند‎ also Romanized as Khong Kamālvand; also known as Kamālvand) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 529 in 84 families.
 Gostkowo [ɡɔstˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łysomice and 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 56 families.
 Bhaskararajapuram is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of the Thanjavur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is named after the 18th century Hindu saint Bhaskara Raya who is believed to have attained samadhi at this place and is separated from the neighbouring town of Thiruvalangadu by the Cauvery River and the Vikraman River.The Akshara Matruka Maha Mantapam was inmaugurated by K.
 Qaleh Shir (Persian: قلعه شير‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Shīr Qal‘eh-ye Shīr and Qal‘eh-i-Shīr; also known as Qal‘a-i-Shīr) is a village in Karizan Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1427 in 342 families.
 Krupaja is a village in the municipality of Žagubica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 649 people.
 Razgardan (Persian: رازگردان‎ also Romanized as Rāzgardān Rāz Gardān Rāzgardan and Razgordān; also known as Rāstgerdān Rast Gordan and Rāstgordān) is a village in Khondab Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 99 families.
 Blinja is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D30 highway.
 Ojrzanów [ɔi̯ˈʐanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żabia Wola 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Kočane is a village situated in Doljevac municipality in Serbia.
 Karacaoğlan is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°40′N 33°44′E it is situated in Toros Mountains to the east of Mut and to the south of Sason canyon. It is a rather desolate village the distance to Mut is 65 kilometres (40 mi) and to Mersin is 225 kilometres (140 mi). The population of the village is 383 as of 2011. The population of the village is composed of Turkmens. The former name of the village was Çukur.
 Murarai I (community development block) (Bengali: মুরারই I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Rampurhat subdivision of Birbhum district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Murarai police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Murarai.
 Pez-e Vosta (Persian: پزوسطي‎ also Romanized as Pez-e Vosṭā) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 17 families.
 Pakówka [paˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bojanowo 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Rawicz and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Loharpatti is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6449 people living in 1251 individual households.
 Tazeh Kand-e Qaterchi (Persian: تازه كندقاطرچي‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Qāţerchī) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 78 families.
 Azaran-e Ganj Ali (Persian: ازاران گنجعلي‎ also Romanized as Āzārān-e Ganj ʿAlī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vinjanampadu is a village in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Jeemangalam is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Korzenica [kɔʐɛˈɲit͡sa] (Ukrainian: Корениця Korenytsia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Laszki 19 km (12 mi) east of Jarosław and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Ňárad (Hungarian: Csiliznyárad Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈtʃilizɲaːrɒd]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.There is a muni or priest named Narada in ancient Indian mythology.↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 Yadegar (Persian: يادگار‎ also Romanized as Yādegār; also known as Kozma and Yadgah) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District Bajgiran District Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 125 families.
 Fithian is a village in Oakwood Township Vermilion County Illinois United States. It is part of the Danville Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 506 at the 2000 census.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Biabanak Rural District in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 48 families.
 Jakać-Borki [ˈjakat͡ɕ ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Machijhitakaiya is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7318 persons living in 1440 individual households.
 Chorzepin [xɔˈʐɛpin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Świnice Warckie 23 km (14 mi) west of Łęczyca and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hồ Tràm is a small beach town located in Vietnam's Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Xuyên Mộc District. It is situated about 125 kilometers southeast of Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC).Ho Tram’s pristine undeveloped beachfront sits at just 2 hours from HCMC by car or 90 minutes via the ferry from HCMC to Vũng Tàu.
 Panbeh Chuleh-ye Bala (Persian: پنبه چوله بالا‎ also Romanized as Panbeh Chūleh-ye Bālā and Panbeh Chūleh Bālā; Panbeh Chūleh and Panbeh Chūleh Pā’īn) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 725 in 181 families.
 Lobotka is a village in Värska Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād and Mahmood Abad; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Moravvej and Moḩammadābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 720 in 168 families.
 Ciechania [t͡ɕeˈxaɲa] (Ukrainian: Тиханя Tykhania) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Krempna 34 km (21 mi) south of Jasło and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village was founded by the Stadnicki family in 16th century.
 Dehang (Persian: دهنگ‎; also known as Dahūn Deh-e Hong Deh Hang Deh Hong and Dehun) is a village in Godeh Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1636 in 344 families.
 Dedevci is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 341 people.
 Nij Beets (archaic Dutch: Nieuw Beets) is a village consisting of about 1690 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
 Kanyak (Bulgarian: Каняк) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 192.274 kilometres (119.474 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 5.697 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 205 people.
 Chorużowce [xɔruˈʐɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 36 kilometres (22 mi) north of Sokółka and 72 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 280.
 Sengunam is a village located in the Perambalur district of Tamil Nadu India. The village is a home to the Perambalur District
 Käsukonna is a village in Imavere Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Łubnice [wubˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łubnice. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Wieruszów and 107 km (66 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 1100.
 Chahak (Persian: چاهك‎ also Romanized as Chāhak) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 15 families.
 Madagupatti is a village in Sivaganga district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. This village is part of Sivaganga taluk in the Sivaganga district.
 Katarzynin [kataˈʐɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Kościan and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 245.
 Mordeh Katan (Persian: مرده كتان‎ also Romanized as Mordeh Katān) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 24 families.
 Studzianka [stuˈd͡ʑaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łomazy 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 89 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kalateh-ye Khan (Persian: كلاته خان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khān and Kalāteh-i-Khān; also known as Kalāt-e Khān and Ākbarīyeh) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 90 families.
 Buczkowice [but͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Bielsko County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Buczkowice. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Bielsko-Biała and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 4102.
 Jifiri (Persian: جيفري‎ also Romanized as Jīfirī) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 54 families.
 Ljeskov Dub (Serbian: Љесков Дуб) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rybie [ˈrɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Raszyn 10 km (6 mi) east of Pruszków and 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 4100.
 Termas del Arapey (which means Hot Springs of Arapey) is a resort village in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay.
 Mielno Pyrzyckie [ˈmjɛlnɔ pɨˈʐɨt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozielice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sar Kom (Persian: سركم‎) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Estak (Persian: استك‎; also Romanized as Astak) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 13 families.
 Górna Owczarnia [ˈɡurna ɔfˈt͡ʂarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Opole Lubelskie and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Kalleshwara temple (also spelt Kalleshvara or Kallesvara) (Kannada: ಕಲ್ಲೇಶ್ವರ ದೇವಸ್ಥಾನ ಹಿರೇ ಹಡಗಲಿ ) is located in the town of Hire Hadagali of the Hoovina Hadagalitaluk in Bellary district of Karnataka state India.
 Bastarm-e Olya (Persian: بسترم عليا‎ also Romanized as Bastarm-e ‘Olyā and Besterom-e Olyā) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 102 families.
 Holiya is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4558 and had 797 houses in the town.
 Hødnebø is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Tazeh Kand (Persian: تازه كند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand; also known as Amīnābād and Tāzeh Kand-e Ūjān) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 31 families.
 R. Maheswori is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2719.
 Topallar is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 90 people.
 Kaprichaur is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2569 people living in 446 individual households.
 Zdravets Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Oyakjung is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4648 people living in 819 individual households.
 Emamqoli (Persian: امامقلي‎ also Romanized as Emāmqolī and Imām Quli) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District Bajgiran District Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 689 in 201 families.
 Qareh Baba (Persian: قره بابا‎ also Romanized as Qareh Bābā; also known as Qarā Bābā) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2472 in 530 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Madvar (Persian: حسين ابادمدوار‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Madvār; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Khursand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Drewnowo-Konarze [drɛvˈnɔvɔ kɔˈnaʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Muruk (Persian: موروك‎ also Romanized as Mūrūk; also known as Marūk Merūk Morūk Mowrak and Mūrak) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 97 families.
 Gholamabad (Persian: غلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Gholāmābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 16 families.
 Krzewno [ˈkʂɛvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Khaneqah-e Razab (Persian: خانقاه رزاب‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e Razāb; also known as Khānāgah Khān Āgāh Khānaqāh Khān Āqāh Khāneqāh and Khāneqāh-e Zar Āb) is a village in Razab Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 28 families.
 Ngọc Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Pustelnik [pusˈtɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marciszów within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Marciszów 4 km (2 mi) north of Kamienna Góra and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sheykh Hoseynlu (Persian: شيخ حسينلو‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩoseynlū; also known as Shaikh Husain Sheykh Ḩasanlū Sheykh Ḩoseyn and Shikhuseyn) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 34 families.The inhabitants are followers of Yarsan religion. A prominent spiritual leader of the religion Ali Alipour (D. 1991) lived most of his life in Sheykh Hoseynloo.
 Ościęcin [ɔɕˈt͡ɕent͡ɕin] (German: Woistenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Gryfice and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sohal Jagir is a village in Shahkot. Shahkot is a city in the district Jalandhar of Indian state of Punjab.
 Tas hal (Persian: طاسهل‎ also Romanized as Ţās hal Ţās Hel and Tāşel) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bagbana is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4756 people living in 796 individual households.
 Molalatau is a village in Central District of Botswana. It is located in the eastern tip of Botswana within 100 km distance of borders with Zimbabwe and South Africa. The population was 1788 in 2001 census.There are no major economic activities in the village since the people are subsistence farmers.Molalatau is named after a river which runs along the northern part of the village and is located about 20 km from Bobonong village which is home to the sub-district administration centre.
 Gurkhaneh (Persian: گورخانه‎ also Romanized as Gūrkhāneh; also known as Kūrkhāneh) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 15 families.
 Gowd-e Murd (Persian: گودمورد‎ also Romanized as Gowd-e Mūrd) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Jasenovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Јасеново) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bela Crkva municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(84.37%) and its population is 1446 (2002 census).
 Tumlin-Osowa [ˈtumlin ɔˈsɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Zagnańsk and 11 km (7 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 280.
 Parapiyun (Persian: پاراپيون‎ also Romanized as Pārāpīyūn; also known as Pārāpīyan) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 58 families.
 Ocean Beach is a village in the southern part of the Town of Islip on Fire Island within Suffolk County New York United States.The Incorporated Village of Ocean Beach is a popular tourist location due to its popular nightlife and variety of stores and restaurants. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 79.
 Khalti (Persian: خالتي‎ also Romanized as Khāltī Khālţī and Khālatī; also known as Khālt) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 21 families.
 Kuseh Piri (Persian: كوسه پيري‎ also Romanized as Kūseh Pīrī) is a village in Saruq Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 33 families.
 Pahnavar (Persian: پهناور‎ also Romanized as Pahnāvar; also known as Pahnevar) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 54 families.
 Leśniczówka [lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sienno 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 133 km (83 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Dar Eshgaft-e Baba Bahram (Persian: دراشگفت بابابهرام‎ also Romanized as Dar Eshgaft-e Bābā Bahrām) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 12 families.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād; also known as Hasadābād) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 823 in 179 families.
 Olszewo-Grzymki [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ ˈɡʐɨmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Stupsk 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Mława and 95 km (59 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Urtanis (Persian: اورتانيس‎ also Romanized as Ūrtānīs; also known as Ūrtāns) is a village in Shepiran Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 20 families.
 Kemunuiyeh (Persian: كمونوييه‎ also Romanized as Kemūnū’īyeh; also known as Kamar-e Nūkīyeh) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ya Ali Gavabar (Persian: ياعلي گوابر‎ also Romanized as Yā ʿAlī Gavābar; also known as Aligavaber) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 74 families.
 Mobeytiheh-ye Seh (Persian: مبيطيحه سه‎ also Romanized as Mobeyţīḩeh-ye Seh and Mobeyţīḩeh-e Seh; also known as Mobaitihehé Seh Raykan Mobeyţīḩeh and Mobeyţīḩehe Seh Rāykān) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 8 families.
 Dąbczyn [ˈdɔmpt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ciechanowiec 32 km (20 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 40.
 Sisahaniya is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11972 persons living in 1530 individual households.
 Öteköy Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Herwijnen is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Lingewaal and lies about 11 km east of Gorinchem.Herwijnen was a separate municipality until 1986 when it was merged with Vuren Asperen Heukelum andSpijk.In 2001 the village of Herwijnen had 1494 inhabitants.
 Manamedu (Tamil: மணமேடு) is a village in Thottiyam taluk in the district of Tiruchirapalli(Trichy) with population of roughly 13500 people. It is one of 27 villages in Thottiyam Block along with villages like Alagarai and Mullipadi which lies on the banks of Cauvery River and it is peculiar for banana cultivation especially one of the banana variety the rasathaali. Main source of income of this population is agriculture and hand loom weaving.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gavzan Mahalleh (Persian: گاوزن محله‎ also Romanized as Gāvzan Maḩalleh) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 127 families.
 Boždarevići (Cyrillic: Бождаревићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nezirovići is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Edulabad is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ghatkesar mandal.
 Chilak-e Olya (Persian: چيلك عليا‎ also Romanized as Chīlak-e ‘Olyā; also known as Chīlak-e Bālā) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 92 families.
 Przechlewko [pʂɛˈxlɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Przechlewo 24 km (15 mi) north of Człuchów and 107 km (66 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 81.
 Kutallah (Persian: كوتاله‎ also Romanized as Kūtāllah) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sylvan Beach is a village in Oneida County New York USA. The population was recorded at 893 in 2012.The Village of Sylvan Beach is in the South Eastern end of the Town of Vienna.Verona Beach State Park is south of the village on Route 13.
 Kandal (Persian: كندل‎) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 14 families.
 Rumeshteh Mowmenabad (Persian: رومشته مؤمن آباد‎ also Romanized as Rūmeshteh Mow'menābād; also known as Mow'menābād) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 30 families.
 Trójka [ˈtrui̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Stare Miasto 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Konin and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dowkushkan-e Hoseynkhani (Persian: دوكوشكان حسينخاني‎ also Romanized as Dowkūshkān-e Ḩoseynkhānī; also known as Dokūshkān-e Ḩoseynkhānī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 11 families.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم آباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād and Ibrahimabad) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 34 families.
 Chah-e Amiq Khaneh Nowruz (Persian: چاه عميق خانه نوروز‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Khāneh Nowrūz) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yolçatı is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. In 2010 it had a population of 338.
 Lipnica [lʲipˈɲit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Rokitno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Biała Podlaska and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Shamel Bazar (Persian: شمل بازار‎ also Romanized as Shamel Bāzār; also known as Shamīl Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Belle is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Udupi taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Jakówki [jaˈkufkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Janów Podlaski 19 km (12 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 113 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qolian (Persian: قليان‎ also Romanized as Qolīān Qalyān and Qoleyān) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 7 families.
 Ostrów [ˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wiślica 17 km (11 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Heydarlu (Persian: حيدرلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarlū; also known as Ḩeydarlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 56 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Biabanak Rural District in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 73 families.
 Yellanahalli is a small town located in the Nilgiris District of Tamil Nadu State Southern India and is a Revenue Village of Coonoor taluk. It is 10 km beyond Coonoor and 8 km before Ooty on the Coonoor-Ooty NH 67. It houses the Needle Industries India the manufacturers of the internationally branded ‘Pony Needles’. Near Yellanahalli are another two villages called Ketti and Aruvankadu.
 Mazraeh-ye Harizat (Persian: مزرعه حريزات‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩarīzāt) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 57 families.
 Salm (Persian: سلم‎’ also known as Salīm) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 44 families.
 Taktser or Tengster (Tibetan: སྟག་འཚེར། ZYPY: Dagcêr Place on the Heights; Chinese: 红崖) is a village in the Western Chinese province of Qinghai (or the Tibetan cultural region of Amdo). Taktser was originally an area of pasture land for the larger village of Balangtsa about two hours walk away in the valley. Cattle were brought to feed on the fertile grazing lands in summer which caused them to give very rich milk.
 Gavcharan (Persian: گاوچهاران‎ also Romanized as Gāvcharān) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 33 families.
 Domosławice [dɔmɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czchów within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Czchów 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Brzesko and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 San Blas de los Sauces is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Jeziory [jɛˈʑɔrɨ] (German: Jehser) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Świebodzin 32 km (20 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Golshan (Persian: گلشن‎) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 441 in 110 families.
 Torda (Serbian Cyrillic: Торда Hungarian: Torontáltorda or Torda) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Žitište municipality in the Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority(86.56%) and its population numbering 1771 people (2002 census).
 Cikcilli is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Hauganes is a small village in Iceland located 30 km north of Akureyri.Hauganes is located in Eyjafjörður the longest fjord in central northern Iceland. Hauganes has about 137 inhabitants. The place name Hauganes originated with the Old Norse word Haugr meaning hill mound or barrow. Fishing is an important industry to the village. Haliotis Iceland founded in 2000 has its abalone farm in Hauganes. Conditions in Hauganes are excellent for growing abalone. Haliotis Iceland ltd.
 Kalatin Dap (Persian: كلاتين دپ‎ also Romanized as Kalātīn Dap) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 30 families.
 Zarmehr (Persian: زرمهر‎; also known as Zarmeh Zarmihr Zīrmeh and Zīr Mehr) is a village in Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 727 in 235 families.
 Ahmad Hoseyn (Persian: احمدحسين‎ also Romanized as Aḩmad Ḩoseyn and Ahmad Hosein; also known as Ahmadasīn Aḩmad Ḩosey and Aḩmadsīn) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 20 families.
 Przyłuski [pʂɨˈwuski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sadkowice 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dam Aftab (Persian: دم افتاب‎ also Romanized as Dam Āftāb; also known as Dam Āftāb-e Manganān) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 41 families.
 Bayram Kandi (Persian: بايرام كندي‎ also Romanized as Bāyrām Kandī) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 59 families.
 Qarah Aghaj-e Kushk (Persian: قره اغاج كوشك‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj-e Kūshk and Qareh Āghāj-e Kushk; also known as Qarah Āghāj-e Koshk) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 12 families.
 Sianav (Persian: سياناو‎ also Romanized as Sīānāv and Seyānāv; also known as Seanao Sīāh Nāv Sīnā’ū and Siyā Nāv) is a village in Zarivar Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 789 in 161 families.
 Wilczyce [vilˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wilczyce. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sandomierz and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 830.
 Biestrzyków Wielki [bjɛsˈtʂɨkuf ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kobiele Wielkie 17 km (11 mi) east of Radomsko and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Antonia [anˈtɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vanestan (Persian: ونستان‎ also Romanized as Vanestān; also known as Vanistan) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 58 families.
 Ab Asemani (Persian: اب اسماني‎ also Romanized as Āb Āsemānī) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 37 families.
 Qareh Zeki (Persian: قره زكي‎ also Romanized as Qareh Zekī; also known as Qarah Zāker) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 30 families.
 Vučevo (Cyrillic: Вучево) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kretki Duże [ˈkrɛtki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Osiek 8 km (5 mi) south of Brodnica and 58 km (36 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 158.
 Miradowo [miraˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zblewo 14 km (9 mi) west of Starogard Gdański and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 354.
 Kummera is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Nesa-ye Sofla (Persian: نساسفلي‎ also Romanized as Nesā’-ye Soflá; also known as Nesā’ī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 55 families.
 Wnory-Wypychy [ˈvnɔrɨ vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 150.
 Safaj Khani (Persian: سفج خاني‎ also Romanized as Safaj Khānī) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 40 families.
 Latum (Persian: لتوم‎ also Romanized as Latūm Latoom Letowm and Lotūm; also known as Letom) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 22 families.
 Pangode is a village and a Grama Panchayat (local civil authority) located north east of Trivandrum district in Kerala state of India.It is a historical place because of its participation in the Indian Independence Movement through the Kallara-Pangode Struggle.
 Venkata Rajula Kandriga is a small village located in Sathyavedu Mandal Chittoor District in the state of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Bolarghu (Persian: بلارغو‎ also Romanized as Bolārghū) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 60 families.
 Talkhab-e Mashqoli (Persian: تلخاب مشقلي‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Mashqolī) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zakrzew [ˈzakʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Sarkhuni (Persian: سرخوني‎ also Romanized as Sarkhūnī) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ali Badal (Persian: علي بدل‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Badal; also known as ‘Ali Bādeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 8 families.
 Koçköy is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Janowice [janɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Samborzec 16 km (10 mi) west of Sandomierz and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 570.
 Kierwałd [ˈkʲɛrvau̯t] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Morzeszczyn 33 km (21 mi) south of Tczew and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Selišta is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kamień. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Chełm and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 870.
 Deh Menar (Persian: ده منار‎ also Romanized as Deh Menār) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 14 families.
 Poshteh Jolgeh Afshar (Persian: پشته جلگه افشار‎ also Romanized as Poshteh Jolgeh Āfshār; also known as Poshteh) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Prevrać (Cyrillic: Превраћ) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kord Mahalleh (Persian: كردمحله‎ also Romanized as Kord Maḩalleh) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2182 in 570 families.
 Sumartin is a port village in Croatia on the island of Brač. It is connected by the D113 highway and by ferry.
 Al-Jebbah (Arabic: الجبة‎; also spelled al-Jibbeh) is a village in southern Syria administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains. Nearby localities include Ma'loula and al-Qutayfah to the southeast Hosh Arab and al-Tawani to the south and Assal al-Ward and Rankous to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics al-Jibbah had a population of 2829 in the 2004 census.
 Kovačevci (Cyrillic: Ковачевци) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qurshaqlui-ye Kord (Persian: قورشاقلوي كرد‎ also Romanized as Qūrshāqlūī-ye Kord; also known as Chatū Kandī and Shāh Pasand) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 50 families.
 Pieczonogi [pjɛt͡ʂɔˈnɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Oleśnica 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Staszów and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 433.
 Karandere Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Badiyal (Kannada: ) is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Badiyal is under the Yadgir Taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka. Badiyal is 13.5 km by road east of the village of Bendebembli and 41 km by road south of the town of Yadgir. The nearest rail station is Chegunda Station and the nearest railhead is in Yadgir.There are five villages in the Badiyal gram panchayat: Badiyal Gudur Mungal Shattihalli and Sourashtrahalli.
 Heraq (Persian: هرق‎) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 102 families.
 Cadillac Saskatchewan is a village located at the intersection of Highway 13 the Red Coat Trail and Highway 4 in Southwest Saskatchewan Canada. Located 40 mi/62 km South of Swift Current Cadillac has a population of around 100 people. The three largest buildings remaining in the community are the easily recognizable former Cadillac School the Cadillac Skating and Curling Rink and the former Saskatchewan Wheat Pool Grain elevator.
 Krzczonów Pierwszy [ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Krzemieniew [kʂɛˈmjɛɲɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dalików 8 km (5 mi) east of Poddębice and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jabłonowo-Zamek [jabwɔˈnɔvɔ ˈzamɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Jabłonowo Pomorskie 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Aavere (German: Hafersdorf) is a village in Anija Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 19 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Tarancheh (Persian: ترانچه‎ also Romanized as Tarāncheh; also known as Tarānjeh and Tūrāncheh) is a village in Vargahan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Öötla is a village in Kareda Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Rijswijk is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Woudrichem about 5 km southeast of Gorinchem.It has about 1720 inhabitants.Rijswijk was a separate municipality until 1973 when it became part of Woudrichem.
 Kamalabad (Persian: كمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Kamālābād) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Waszeta [vaˈʂɛta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Olsztynek and 23 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Posht Darreh Lengeh (Persian: پشتدره لنگه‎; also known as Poshtdar Lengeh) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 13 families.
 Seyf Koti (Persian: سيفكتي‎ also Romanized as Seyf Kotī) is a village in Kuhsaran Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 49 families.
 Czaplino [t͡ʂaˈplinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Choroszcz and 10 km (6 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Avindin (Persian: اويندين‎ also Romanized as Avīndīn; also known as Avendīn) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 89 families.
 Wójtówka [vui̯ˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Purzand-e Olya (Persian: پورزندعليا‎ also Romanized as Pūrzand-e ‘Olyā Būrzand-e ‘Olyā and Pūrzand-e Bālā) is a village in Lavasan-e Bozorg Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rammu is an island and a non-populated village in Jõelähtme Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Valu Kash (Persian: ولوكش‎ also Romanized as Valū Kash) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 27 families.
 Dupuk Ansari (Persian: دوپوك انصاري‎ also Romanized as Dūpūk Anṣārī; also known as Dapūk Anşārī) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 50 families.
 Ilukwatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hajji Ali Beyk (Persian: حاجي علي بيك‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī ‘Alī Beyk; also known as Ḩājī ‘Alī Beyg and Ḩājjī ‘Alī Beyg) is a village in Rabatat Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mokhtarabad-e Bon Rud (Persian: مختارابادبنرود‎ also Romanized as Mokhtārābād-e Bon Rūd; also known as Mokhtārābād) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 32 families.
 Shib-e Talabad (Persian: شيب تل اباد‎ also Romanized as Shīb-e Talābād) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Goli Bolagh-e Sofla (Persian: گلي بلاغ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Golī Bolāgh-e Soflá; also known as Golī Bolāgh-e Pā’īn and Golī Bolāq-e Soflá) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Qamcheqay (Persian: قمچقاي‎ also Romanized as Qamcheqāy and Qamchaqai; also known as Kamchakay Qamchāy and Qamchīqāh) is a village in Golabar Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 434 in 115 families.
 Desuri is a village in Pali district which is tehsil headquarters also. Desuri is located near Aravalli range. This tehsil includes two municipalities Sadri and Rani.
 Rybitwy [rɨˈbitfɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połaniec within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Połaniec 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Staszów and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 327.
 Vratare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 462 people.
 Ścinawica [ɕt͡ɕinaˈvit͡sa] (German: Steinwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kłodzko and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dyrmish is a village in the municipality of Potom in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Radovanje is a village in municipality of Oriovac in the central part of Brod-Posavina County.
 Mokrosze [mɔˈkrɔʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Alihoca is a village in Ulukışla district of Niğde Province Turkey. It is situated on a narrow valley in the Taurus Mountains at 37°30′N 34°43′E It is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to state highway D.750 Distance to Ulukışla is 30 kilometres (19 mi) and to Niğde is 80 kilometres (50 mi). The history of the village hasn't been researched yet. But cuneiform on some rocks around the village imply a deep history. The present population of the village is probably of Central Asian origin.
 Subaşı is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kesecik is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Magyarföld is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Kalam Rud (Persian: كلامرود‎ also Romanized as Kalām Rūd) is a village in Somam Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 81 families.
 Wólka Konopna [ˈvulka kɔˈnɔpna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Łuków and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 190.
 Sarsegaz (Persian: سرسگاز‎ also Romanized as Sarsegāz) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 105 families.
 Damnica [damˈnit͡sa] (German Hebrondamnitz) is a village in Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Damnica. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Słupsk and 90 km (56 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1240.
 Mosaferabad (Persian: مسافراباد‎ also Romanized as Mosāferābād; also known as Moz̧affarābād Muzaffarābād and Muzffarābād) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 29 families.
 Brąszewice [brɔ̃ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brąszewice. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1100.
 Vamarzan (Persian: وامرزان‎ also Romanized as Vāmarzān and Vāmarzan) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 343 in 102 families.
 Seyyedabad-e Asadollah Khan (Persian: سيداباداسداله خان‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād-e Āsadollah Khān; also known as Seyyedābād-e Āsadollahkhān) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 21 families.
 Yazdgerd (Persian: يزدگرد‎ also Romanized as Yazdejerd Yazdegerd and Yazjerd) is a village in Silakhor Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 16 families.
 Niibi is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Vilna is a historic village in central Alberta Canada.Vilna is located in Smoky Lake County on Highway 28 150 km (93.2 mi) northeast of the city of Edmonton. Bonnie Lake Provincial Recreation Area is located 6 km (3.7 mi) north of the community on the shores of Bonnie Lake.
 Puramathra (പുറമത്ര) is a village in Kulukkallur panchayath in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kabi Forest Block is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260913.
 Sikora [ɕiˈkɔra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 40.
 Beinsdorp (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈbɛi̯nz.dɔrp]) is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Haarlemmermeer and lies about 7 km southwest of Hoofddorp. Beinsdorp is named after a former island in the former Haarlemmermeer lake.Beinsdorp has a population of around 880.
 Złotniki [zwɔtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Koźminek 19 km (12 mi) east of Kalisz and 120 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sarab-e Alinaqi (Persian: سرابعلينقي‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e ‘Alīnaqī; also known as ‘Ali Nākhi ‘Alī Naqī Sarāb-e Yās and Sarāb Yās) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 27 families.
 Veliki Jovanovac is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 395 people.
 Kijowiec-Szyszynek [kiˈjɔvjɛt͡s ʂɨˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 33.
 Rootsi is a village in Kohila Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Goldhunga is a Village Development Committee(VDC) in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. According to National Population and Housing Census 2011 there are 3806 households in the VDC and the total population is 16174.
 Cheshmeh Seyyed Safari (Persian: چشمه سيدصفري‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Seyyed Şafarī) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 30 families.
 Konotopa [kɔnɔˈtɔpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Strzegowo 23 km (14 mi) south of Mława and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ciełuszki [t͡ɕeˈwuʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Zabłudów and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Alkozai (also spelled Alokozai) is a village in Panjwayi District Kandahar Province Afghanistan.
 Ramshayeh (Persian: رمشايه‎ also Romanized as Ramshāyeh) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 60 families.
 Alacode is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Nezhmar (Persian: نژمار‎ also Romanized as Nezhmār; also known as Nijmār) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1067 in 239 families.
 Borowo [bɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Belaha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4322 people living in 696 individual households. Belaha is a subdivision of a Napali third-order administrative division. Its center lies at a latitude of 26.7065000 and longitude of 86.2155000 and it has an elevation of 84 meters above sea level. Its currency is the Rupee (NPR).
 Lazzaza (Arabic: لزّازة‎ transliterated as Lazzâza) was a Palestinian Arab village of 230 in the northern Hula Valley next to the Hasbani River located 27.5 kilometers (17.1 mi) northwest of Safad.
 Szelejewo Pierwsze [ʂɛlɛˈjɛvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Piaski 11 km (7 mi) east of Gostyń and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 514.
 Pärsti (German: Perst) is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 164 (as of 4 January 2010).Javelin thrower Risto Mätas (born 1984) was born in Pärsti.
 Pęsy-Lipno [ˈpɛ̃sɨ ˈlipnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Ropica Górna [rɔˈpʲit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sękowa within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia.
 Kadlín is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 6.81 km² and as of 2007 it had a population of 136.
 Dibektaş is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 248 people.
 Poręby [pɔˈrɛmbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlicze within Krosno County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Stefanów Suserski [stɛˈfanuf suˈsɛrski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Szczawin Kościelny 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 97 km (60 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād; also known as Malek Shāh) is a village in Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 30 families.
 Wierzbno [ˈvjɛʐbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Otmuchów 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Nysa and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 360.
 Wydmusy [vɨdˈmusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Myszyniec 34 km (21 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 129 km (80 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Beriz (Persian: بريز‎ also Romanized as Berīz; also known as Bīzeh and Tīreh) is a village in Dehkuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2146 in 411 families.
 Gordejki Małe [ɡɔrˈdɛi̯ki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mokrzec [ˈmɔkʂɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pilzno 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Dębica and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Vathiyur is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Trzcianka [ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Słupia within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Nowa Słupia and 33 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 210.
 Strzemeszno [stʂɛˈmɛʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Gąbin 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Płock and 85 km (53 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 157.
 Stary Lubosz [ˈstarɨ ˈlubɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Kościan and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 890.
 Holipura is a small village in Uttar Pradesh India. It has a recorded history of 500 years. It had a population of about 8000 people till 2011. It was the seat of a great saint swami Hari Hara Nandji who lived for three decades.
 Vamaj is a small village situated near Kadi (a town known for its oil industry) and Kalol. Its Panchayat code is 162352. It is also famous for Shri Vamaj Tirth a temple belonging to the Jain religion. The idol of Dada Adishvar in the temple belongs to the times of king Samprati.
 Uniejów-Rędziny [uˈɲɛjuf rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Charsznica 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Miechów and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 450.
 Dielwar is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Vaduvanchal is a small town in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India. It is situated in the Kozhikode-Ooty road. The town is part of the Muppainad Panchayat.
 Deh-e Veys Aqa (Persian: ده ويس اقا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Veys Āqā; also known as Veys Āqā Kandī) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 663 in 132 families.
 Deh-e Chal (Persian: ده چل‎') is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Latergaz-e Olya (Persian: لترگاز عليا‎ also Romanized as Latergāz-e ‘Olyā; also known as Latergāz and Rūd Bār-e Later Gaz) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Yekkeh Tappeh (Persian: يكه تپه‎) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 25 families.
 Mowtowr-e Shahid Jameh (Persian: موتورشهيدجمعه‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Shahīd Jamʿeh) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 12 families.
 Vikruthamala is a small village in Yerpedu Mandal in the Chittoor district of Andhra pradesh India. During the 20th century this village was administered by Srikalahasti Raja at which time it was named Reddy Pani. Reddyvari Narayana Reddy was the head of Reddy Pani during the 20th century. Guluru Sreenivasulu had administered the village for approximately 20 years as President of the Village. The majority of people in this village are farmers and produce ground nuts milk and sugarcane.
 Gol Kan (Persian: گل كن‎; also known as Gol Kaq) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Heydareh-ye Dar-e Emam (Persian: حيدره دارامام‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydareh-ye Dār-e Emām; also known as Heydareh Ḩeydareh Qāzī Khān and Ḩeydareh-ye Qāẕī Khān) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District in the Central District of Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 667 in 179 families.
 Aliabad-e Olya (Persian: علي ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 655 in 150 families.
 Chah-e Qahrmani (Persian: چاه قهرماني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Qahrmānī) is a village in Yunesi Rural District Yunesi District Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Byesville /ˈbaɪzvɪl/ is a village in Guernsey County Ohio United States along Wills Creek. The population was 2438 at the 2010 census.
 Nam Hóa is a commune (xã) and village in Tuyên Hóa District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Farska Kolonia [ˈfarska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 90.
 Helenka [xɛˈlɛnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Młodzieszyn 5 km (3 mi) north of Sochaczew and 52 km (32 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Chmielewo [xmjɛˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Królowa Wola [kruˈlɔva ˈvɔla] (German: Krolowolla; 1926-1945: Königswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Stare Juchy 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Ełk and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Char Kusaria is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Pieniężnica [pjɛɲɛ̃ʐˈnit͡sa] (German: Penkuhl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Rzeczenica 36 km (22 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 123 km (76 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 392.Prior to World War Two It was known as Penkhul.
 Roslyn Estates is a village in Nassau County New York in the United States. It is considered part of the Greater Roslyn area which is anchored by the village of Roslyn. The population was 1251 at the 2010 census.The Village of Roslyn Estates is in the eastern part of the town of North Hempstead.
 Pir Mikayil (Persian: پيرميكاييل‎ also Romanized as Pīr Mīkāyīl) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 7 families.
 Targowska Wola [tarˈɡɔfska ˈvɔla] (German: Theerwischwolla; 1938-45: Theerwischwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dźwierzuty 20 km (12 mi) north of Szczytno and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Alwandi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Bonkuy-e Gholam Hoseynlu (Persian: بنكوي غلامحسينلو‎ also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Gholām Ḩoseynlū) is a village in Aviz Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 28 families.
 Vestøl is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Aq Bagh (Persian: اق باغ‎ also Romanized as Āq Bāgh) is a village in Hesar Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 7 families.
 Skoszewo [skɔˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Brusy 37 km (23 mi) north of Chojnice and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 64.
 Müezzinler Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 49 people.
 Beyköy is a village in the District of İhsaniye Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Qaleh Tarfi (Persian: قلعه طرفي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Ţarfī and Qal‘eh-ye Ţarfī) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 529 in 83 families.
 Ab Zalu-ye Bahram (Persian: اب زالوبهرام‎ also Romanized as Āb Zālū-ye Bahrām; also known as Āb Zālū and Āb Zālū-ye Āqā Bahrām) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Sadrollah (Persian: صدراله‎ also Romanized as Şadrollah) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 30 families.
 Bezek-Kolonia [ˈbɛzɛk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Babice Donje (Cyrillic: Бабице Доње) is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kozołupy [kɔzɔˈwupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Węgrów and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Oštrelj (Cyrillic: Оштрељ) is a village in the municipality of Bor Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 654 people.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Platerów 16 km (10 mi) north of Łosice and 123 km (76 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Aklapura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tirthahalli taluk of Shimoga district in Karnataka.
 Leszczyny [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Dunajec within Tatra County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Zakopane and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 290.
 Sainbu is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4612 living in 874 individual households.
 Mareghan Kand (Persian: مرغان كند‎ also Romanized as Mareghān Kand) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Żurawniki [ʐuravˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mełgiew 11 km (7 mi) east of Świdnik and 20 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kourni is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Vosi (Persian: وسي‎ also Romanized as Vosī; also known as Vosī-ye Chūbar) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 23 families.
 Sorkhanjub-e Sofla (Persian: سرخانجوب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sorkhānjūb-e Soflá; also known as Sarkhonjū) is a village in Khaveh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 41 families.
 Žudojevići (Serbian: Жудојевићи) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ishliki (Persian: ايشليكي‎ also Romanized as Īshīkī; also known as Eshlīkī Ishlik Ishlyk and Lashīkī) is a village in Kurka Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 51 families.
 Mocarzewo [mɔt͡saˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Olszewice [ɔlʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Trzęśniew [ˈtʂɛ̃ɕɲɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościelec within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. Trzęśniew lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kościelec 10 km (6 mi) west of Koło and 111 km (69 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 280.
 Mowtowr-e Hajji Abbas (Persian: موتور حاجي عباس‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī ʿAbbās) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Nian (Persian: نيان‎ also Romanized as Nīān; also known as Nīānqīlān) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 45 families.
 Qaleh Kohneh (Persian: قلعه كهنه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kohneh) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Rønnes is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Nieuwolda is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of Oldambt about 9 km southeast of Delfzijl.Nieuwolda was a separate municipality until 1990 when it was merged with Scheemda.
 Dąbie [ˈdɔmbjɛ] (formerly German Gersdorf) is a village in Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dąbie. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Krosno Odrzańskie and 26 km (16 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 417.
 Mianabad (Persian: ميان اباد‎ also Romanized as Mīānābād) is a village in Pirakuh Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 37 families.
 Tangutur or Tanguturu is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Tanguturu is bounded by Paleru River and Moosi River and it is census village having 20000 population.The main crops are tobacco and hot peppers grow well in Tanguturu.
 Klony [ˈklɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Świątki and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Gorica is a village in Herzegovina in Čapljina municipality Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zoratu Bala (Persian: زرتوبالا‎ also Romanized as Z̄oratū Bālā and Zartū-ye Bālā; also known as Zaztoo Z̄orratū and Zūrātū) is a village in Gohreh Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 23 families.
 Rakov Dol is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 18 people.
 Moqam (Persian: مقام‎ also Romanized as Moqām) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 76 families.
 Dąbrówka-Wyłazy [dɔmˈbrufka vɨˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Darreh Bid (Persian: دره بيد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bīd; also known as Darreh Bīn) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 391 in 65 families.
 Donji Matejevac is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Leina Pärnu County is a village in Tahkuranna Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Gishu (Persian: گيشو‎ also Romanized as Gīshū) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Dobrosławice [dɔbrɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pawłowiczki 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 200.
 Cvetovac (Serbian: Цветовац) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Panwila Town is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Melah Rash (Persian: مله رش‎) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 39 families.
 Shahr-e Kohneh (Persian: شهركهنه‎ also Romanized as Khabūshān and Shahr Kohneh) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3683 in 930 families.
 Labur is a village on the west coast of New Ireland Papua New Guinea. It is located to the south of Kalagunan on Labur Bay.
 Kuran (Persian: كوران‎ also Romanized as Kūrān) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 57 families.
 Pietrasze [pjɛˈtraʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Wydminy 26 km (16 mi) east of Giżycko and 112 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rogów [ˈrɔɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Świnice Warckie 16 km (10 mi) west of Łęczyca and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vrbovac is a village in the municipality of Boljevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 190 people.
 Hteinson is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Gračanica is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 199 people.
 Gemin (Persian: گمين‎ also Romanized as Gemīn) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 21 families.
 Rywociny [rɨvɔˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Działdowo and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 104.
 Zan (Persian: زان‎ also Romanized as Zān) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 130 families.
 Ganjali-e Sofla (Persian: گنجعلي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ganj‘alī-e Soflá; also known as Ganj‘alī Baleyn and Ganj ‘Alīābād-e Soflá) is a village in Boluran Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 19 families.
 Beaver is a village in Pike County Ohio United States. The population was 449 at the 2010 census.Beaver Eastern Pike serves as the local school district for surrounding areas. [1]Beaver is served by the Eastern Branch of the Garnet A. Wilson Public Library.
 Mannapura (Kannada: ಮನ್ನಾಪುರ) is a village in the Koppal district in Karnataka state India.
 Jakubowo [jakuˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wągrowiec and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sothukanni is a village in Polur taluk Tiruvannamalai district Tamil Nadu. It is at a distance of 8 kilometers from Polur. This village is famous for Mariyamman Temple. Every year during Kanum Pongal thousands of people come to Sothukanni. The village has about 600 permanent residents.
 Bolboluiyeh (Persian: بلبلوييه‎ also Romanized as Bolbolūīyeh and Bolbolueeyeh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gürbüz is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 76 people.
 Birán is a village in Holguín Province of Cuba hamlet and consejo popular of Mayarí best known as the birthplace of Fidel Castro in 1926 and Raúl Castro in 1931. Their father owned a 23000 acre (93 km²) plantation there.[citation needed]
 Zła Wieś [zwa vjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Trąbki Wielkie 9 km (6 mi) south of Pruszcz Gdański and 20 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 141.
 Bikovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Биково) is a village located in the Subotica municipality in the North Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. The village is ethnically mixed and its population numbering 1824 people (2002 census).
 Shirazi (Persian: شيرازي‎ also Romanized as Shīrāzī) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 66 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Abbas Hoseyn (Persian: تلمبه عباس حسين‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAbbās Ḩoseyn) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 33 families.
 Crnaja (Cazin) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Elemen is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 119 people.
 Markovići (Kiseljak) is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Osmanköy is a village in the District of İhsaniye Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Chindini is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1107.
 Orzechowo [ɔʐɛˈxɔvɔ] (German Nusstal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Olsztynek and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 40.
 Beach City is a village in Stark County Ohio United States. The population was 1033 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Owlya (Persian: اوليا‎ also Romanized as Owlyā’) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Kamarajugadda is the name of an Indian village on the banks of the River Krishna in Andhra Pradesh in Guntur district. As the tradition of Telugu speaking Niyogi Brahmins and Chowdarys all the people from the village have Kamarajugadda as their surname.
 Asgarabad (Persian: عسگراباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Asgarābād; also known as ‘Askarābād) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sagne Mauritania is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 543 in 148 families.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Oblaznytsia (Ukrainian: Облазниця) is a village (selo) in Zhydachiv Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. The first mention of the village dates back to 1411. There is a wooden church of St. Eustachian in village built in the 17th century (rebuilt in 1930) once visited by Hetman Ivan Vyhovsky with his wife Elena and Metropolitan Bishop Andrey Sheptytsky.
 Esfarjan (Persian: اسفرجان‎ also Romanized as Esfarjān; also known as Esfaranjān Samīrum Semīrom and Usburjān) is a village in Esfarjan Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2724 in 838 families.
 Hassi Abdallah is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Goreh Choqa (Persian: گره چقا‎ also Romanized as Goreh Choqāy and Koreh Choqā) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 27 families.
 Orpiszewek [ɔrpiˈʂɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 110.
 Łuby [ˈwubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski 32 km (20 mi) west of Biała Podlaska and 95 km (59 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kłoniczki [kwɔˈnit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lututów 25 km (16 mi) east of Wieruszów and 84 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Javadabad (Persian: جوادآباد‎ also Romanized as Javādābād) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Hafslo is a village in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the northern shore of the lake Hafslovatnet about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northwest of the village of Solvorn which sits on the shores of the Lustrafjorden. The lake Veitastrondvatnet is located to the northwest of Hafslo.
 Gol Dasteh (Persian: گلدسته‎; also known as Shahrak-e Goldasteh) is a village in Firuzbahram Rural District Chahardangeh District Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8537 in 2175 families.
 Moammareh (Persian: معمره‎ also Romanized as Mo‘ammareh; also known as Mo‘ammareh Ghisheh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1931 in 365 families.
 Dobrzanka [dɔˈbʐanka] (Ukrainian: Добрянка) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bircza 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Tutak (Persian: توتك‎ also Romanized as Tūtak) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Barkowice Mokre [barkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmɔkrɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Sulejów 15 km (9 mi) east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 130.
 Olszewo [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Żuromin and 117 km (73 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ulesie [uˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Miłkowice 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Legnica and 66 kilometres (41 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 590.
 Redmon is a village in Buck Township Edgar County Illinois United States. The population was 173 at the 2010 census.
 Bidaran-e Now (Persian: بيدران نو‎ also Romanized as Bīdarān-e Now; also known as Bīdarān-e Bālā Deh Davang and Dowdānag-e Bīdarān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 94 families.
 Shabo is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Przyzórz [ˈpʂɨzuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Strzelce 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Kutno and 58 km (36 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kasar Vadavali is a town located on Ghodbunder Road Maharashtra state in India. It is now a part of Thane city. Nowadays generally the area between Waghbil and Bhainderpada is called Kasar Vadavali or simply Vadavali.The area has seen massive population growth with a lot of new residential and commercial projects being completed in the last 2–4 years.
 Atashgah-e Jadid (Persian: اتشگاه جديد‎ also Romanized as Atashgāh-e Jadīd) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 41 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad (Persian: مزرعه محمد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sarab-e Dehlor (Persian: سراب دهلر‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Dehlor) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 59 families.
 Mozaffar Kola (Persian: مظفركلا‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affar Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 93 families.
 Ajjihalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Channagiri taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Bassapur is a small village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Rataje [raˈtajɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Olterterp (West Frisian: Olterterp) is a village consisting of about 90 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Brodnica and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Bagniewko [baɡˈɲefkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Pruszcz 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Świecie 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of Toruń.
 Thomattuchal is a village in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Bukeh Dar (Persian: بوكدر‎ also Romanized as Būkeh Dar) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 23 families.
 Nowy Młyn [ˈnɔvɨ ˈmwɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 20.
 Shahzadeh Mohammad (Persian: شاهزاده محمد‎ also Romanized as Shāhzādeh Moḩammad) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Carnew (Irish: Carn an Bhua meaning Victory mound) is a village in County Wicklow Ireland. It is the most southerly town in Wicklow situated just a mile from the border with County Wexford. For historical reasons it has often been described as a Protestant enclave.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Paskhan Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 607 in 140 families.
 Golgolab (Persian: گل گلاب‎ also Romanized as Golgolāb; also known as Gil’gilyan) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 29 families.
 Łączkowice [wɔnt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Masłowice 29 km (18 mi) east of Radomsko and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Orkowo [ɔrˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Śrem and 27 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 181.
 Eresfjord is a village in Nesset Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the Eira River between the Eresfjorden and the lake Eikesdalsvatnet. The mountain Skjorta lies just to the east of the village. The village of Myklebostad lies about 17 kilometres (11 mi) to the northwest through the Vistdal valley and the village of Boggestranda lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) to the north.
 Mukwonago is a village in Wisconsin. The population was 7355 at the 2010 census. The village is located mostly within the Town of Mukwonago in Waukesha County with a small portion extending into the Town of East Troy in Walworth County. Of its population 7254 were in Waukesha County and 101 were in Walworth County.
 Do Abi-ye Sofla (Persian: دوابي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Do Ābī-ye Soflá; also known as Do Ābī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 32 families.
 Kazazi (Persian: كزازي‎ also Romanized as Kazāzī) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Pestagan (Persian: پستگان‎ also Romanized as Pestagān; also known as Pestakān) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 134 families.
 Wola Młocka [ˈvɔla ˈmwɔt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Glinojeck 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Ciechanów and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kuttiattoor is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Kiigevere is a village in Imavere Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Chah Kar (Persian: چهكار‎ also Romanized as Chah Kār; also known as Chāh-e Gār and Chāh Gār) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 72 families.
 Ad Daff is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Thovalai is a small village located in Kanyakumari district Tamil Nadu India. The area is well known in India for its production of flowers especially Jasmine.Up to 1957 Thovalai Taluk wherein Thovalai is situated formed part of the Travancore Kingdom and subsequently the Travancore-Cochin State.
 Hashemabad (Persian: هاشم اباد‎ also Romanized as Hāshemābād; also known as Qal‘eh Now) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 36 families.
 Khersdar-e Olya (Persian: خرسدرعليا‎ also Romanized as Khersdar-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khersdar) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 85 families.
 Karimabad-e Sofla (Persian: كريم ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Soflá; also known as Karīmābād-e Farzān and Karīmābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1123 in 236 families.
 Dar Mazar (Persian: درمزار‎ also Romanized as Dar Mazār and Darmezār) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 31 families.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Uściszowice [uɕt͡ɕiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bejsce 13 km (8 mi) east of Kazimierza Wielka and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Zarbil (Persian: زربيل‎ also Romanized as Zarbīl) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 57 families.
 Boleścin [bɔˈlɛɕt͡ɕin] (German: Pilzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Świdnica and 50 kilometres (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Zagh (Persian: زاغ‎ also Romanized as Zāgh) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 96 families.
 Pułkownikowo [puu̯kɔvniˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Suchdol (Kutná Hora District) is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Lanksaare is a village in Saarde Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia by the border of Latvia.Most of the village's territory is covered by the Sookuninga Nature Reserve.As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 11.
 Pachchawati is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6580 people living in 1223 individual households.
 Granville is a village in Washington County New York United States. It is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village population was 2644 at the 2000 census.The Village of Granville is in the eastern part of the Town of Granville at Routes NY-149 and NY-22.The Granville Airport is located north of the village.
 Zeynalabad (Persian: زينل اباد‎ also Romanized as Zeynalābād) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 14 families.
 Muchan (Persian: موچان‎ also Romanized as Mūchān) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 10 families.
 Tallaram is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Warfstermolen (West Frisian: Warfstermûne) (Low Saxon: Warfstermeul) is a village in Kollumerland c.a. in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands. It has a population of 195 (2005).
 Tudre is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Yengejeh (Persian: ينگجه‎ also Romanized as Yengejh; also known as Yengījeh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1460 in 350 families.
 Ułęż [ˈuwɛ̃ʂ] is a village in Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ułęż. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Ryki and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 677.
 Khalfani (Persian: خلفاني‎ also Romanized as Khalfānī) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 60 families.
 Hasan Falak (Persian: حسن فلك‎; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩasan Falak and Qal‘eh-ye Ḩasanfalak) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abyaneh (Persian: ابيانه‎ also Romanized as Ābyāneh Ābiāneh and Abyāneh) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 160 families.Characterized by a peculiar reddish hue the village is one of the oldest in Iran attracting numerous native and foreign tourists year-round especially during traditional feasts and ceremonies.
 Brzezinka [bʐɛˈʑinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczew within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Karczew 8 km (5 mi) south of Otwock and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Deh-e Zanan (Persian: ده زنان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Zanān and Deh Zanān; also known as Deh Zamān Deh Zanān-e Gīpūm and Kalāt-i-Deh Zanūn) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 48 families.
 Ganj Konar (Persian: گنج كنار‎ also Romanized as Ganj Konār) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Crvica (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Stare Wypychy [ˈstarɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Budhakot is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2234 living in 476 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 2759 of which 34% was literate.
 Ahianu (Persian: احيانو‎ also Romanized as Āḥīānū) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District Pain Jam District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 35 families.
 Morristown is a village along the Saint Lawrence River in St. Lawrence County New York United States. The population was 395 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Gouverneur Morris.The Village of Morristown is on the northern edge of the Town of Morristown and is north of Gouverneur.Jacques Cartier State Park is southwest of the village.
 Maleh Chak Ha (Persian: مله چک ها‎ also Romanized as Maleh Cjak Hā; also known as Seyyed Karīm Kahazādvand) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tang-e Abdal (Persian: تنگابدال‎ also Romanized as Tang-e ‘Abdāl) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 44 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Olya (Persian: محمدابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 36 families.
 Mỹ Xuân is a commune (xã) and village in Tân Thành District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Shilman (Persian: شيلمان‎ also Romanized as Shīlmān; also known as Shalmān) is a village in Nanur Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 12 families.
 Bagh Kuchek (Persian: باغ كوچك‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Kūchek; also known as Bāgh Kocheh Bāgh Kocheḩeh and Bāgh Kūcheh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Bala Bowra (Persian: بالابورا‎ also Romanized as Bālā Bowrā; also known as Sarbūrā and Sar Būrā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 90 families.
 Bazeshi Mahalleh (Persian: بزشي محله‎ also Romanized as Bazeshī Maḩalleh) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yenidağan is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 804 people.
 Asak (Persian: اسك‎ also Romanized as Āsak and Ās-e Bād) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 42 families.
 Farhadabad (Persian: فرهاداباد‎ also Romanized as Farhādābād; also known as Farhānābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 82 families.
 Ujazdówek [ujazˈduvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kobiele Wielkie 15 km (9 mi) east of Radomsko and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Şemsettinköy is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Darman (Persian: درمان‎ also Romanized as Darmān) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 11 families.
 Dehnow-e Olya (Persian: دهنوعليا‎ also Romanized as Dehnow-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Młotkowice [mwɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Ruda Maleniecka 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Końskie and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 440.
 Qabaq Tappeh (Persian: قباق تپه‎ also Romanized as Qābāq Tappeh and Qabāq Tappeh) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 509 in 95 families.
 Barwa Barauli is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Pochak (Persian: پچك‎; also known as Poj and Pojak) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 106 families.
 Genegav (Persian: گن گاو‎ also Romanized as Genegāv) is a village in Banestan Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 6 families.
 Duh Aghli (Persian: دوه اغلي‎ also Romanized as Dūh Āghlī) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Czerwony Kościół [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɨ ˈkɔɕt͡ɕuu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyce within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Legnica and 69 kilometres (43 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tajar Kheyl (Persian: تجرخيل‎) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 26 families.
 Kamieniec [kaˈmjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) east of Bydgoszcz and 28 km (17 mi) west of Toruń.
 Salleri (सल्लेरी) is the headquarters of Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5368 people living in 1106 individual households.
 Ząbrowo [zɔmˈbrɔvɔ] (German Sommerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Iława and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 1032.
 Studzieńczyna [stud͡ʑeɲˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Marquis Saskatchewan is a village located on the highway 42 about 32 km northwest of Moose Jaw. It was incorporated in 1910 and as of 2001 has 94 residents.
 Istigol (Persian: استي گل‎ also Romanized as Īstīgol; also known as Īstī Qol) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 23 families.
 Ünsaldı is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 1060 people.
 Abdabad (Persian: عبداباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdābād) is a village in Zavarom Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 907 in 213 families.
 Dłoń [dwɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Miejska Górka 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Rawicz and 81 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Amari (Persian: عامري‎ also Romanized as ʿĀmarī) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Port Austin is a village in Huron County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 664 at the 2010 census. The village is within Port Austin Township.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Sardaran Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 610 in 124 families.
 Brudzawki [bruˈd͡zafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Książki 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Wąbrzeźno and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Gazmanzel (Persian: گزمنزل‎) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 726 in 155 families.
 Rosochata [rɔsɔˈxata] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Legnica and 52 kilometres (32 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mường Thín is a commune (xã) and village of the Tuần Giáo District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Mazraeh-ye Shahid Matahri (Persian: مزرعه شهيدمطهري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shahīd Maṭahrī) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 71 families.
 Mailapitiya Upper is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Lički Osik is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D25 highway.
 Bon Kuyeh (Persian: بن كويه‎ also Romanized as Bon Kūyeh; also known as Boneh-ye Kūyeh Barkūh Berkeh Khooni and Borkūh) is a village in Abshur Rural District Forg District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 16 families.
 Mowtowr-e Mojtame-e Keshavarzi Shahid Atiqi (Persian: موتورمجتمع كشاورزي شهيدعتيقي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mojtame`-e Keshāvarzī Shahīd ʿAtīqī) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bąkowa Góra [bɔŋˈkɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ręczno 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dołhobyczów-Kolonia [dɔu̯xɔˈbɨt͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dołhobyczów 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sinabad (Persian: سين اباد‎ also Romanized as Sīnābād and Senābād) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 30 families.
 Đồng Phúc is a commune (xã) and village in Yên Dũng District Bắc Giang Province which is part of northeastern Vietnam.
 Brodzica [brɔˈd͡ʑit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Hrubieszów and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 353.
 Khaldar (Persian: خالدار‎ also Romanized as Khāldār; also known as Kaldar Gedik and Khāldār Gadīk) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 55 families.
 Kalevi is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Mazraeh-ye Kalantar (Persian: مزرعه كلانتر‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Kalāntar) is a village in Shohada Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 40 families.
 Kayadibikavlak is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 634 people.
 Chopoqlu (Persian: چپقلو‎ also Romanized as Chopoqlū) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3189 in 707 families.
 Emam Reza (Persian: امامرضا‎ also Romanized as Emām Reẕā) is a village in Jayezan Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 14 families.
 Piątkowo [pjɔntˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Lisewo 15 km (9 mi) east of Chełmno and 34 km (21 mi) north of Toruń.
 Raadna is a village in Lohusuu Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Pierzchnica and 22 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 220.
 Mavlu (Persian: ماولو‎ also Romanized as Māvlū) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 18 families.
 North Troy is a village in Troy Orleans County Vermont United States. The population was 593 at the 2000 census.
 Kluczewo-Huby [kluˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostroróg within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Ostroróg 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Bahmanabad (Persian: بهمن اباد‎ also Romanized as Bahmanābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 61 families.
 Thottapuzhassery is a place near Kozhencherry in Kerala India. It is situated opposite side of Aranmula.
 Kozia Góra [ˈkɔʑa ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Strzelce 12 km (7 mi) north of Kutno and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dąbrówka Barcińska [dɔmˈbrufka barˈt͡ɕiɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Barcin 21 km (13 mi) east of Żnin and 28 km (17 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Haftabad (Persian: هفت اباد‎ also Romanized as Haftābād; also known as Āftābeh) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 81 families.
 Posht Darb-e Sofla (Persian: پشتدربسفلي‎ also Romanized as Posht Darb-e Soflá; also known as Boneh-ye ‘Abd and Boneh-ye ‘Abd or Rahman) is a village in Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District Aghili District Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 46 families.
 Nowogród [nɔˈvɔɡrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Łęczna and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tazehabad (Persian: تازه اباد‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād; also known as Tazekhabad) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1002 in 224 families.
 Shahr Ashub (Persian: شهراشوب‎ also Romanized as Shahr Āshūb; also known as Shahr Ashaf) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 111 families.
 Malé Dvorníky (Hungarian: Kisudvarnok Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈkiʃudvɒrnok]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Borowa Góra [bɔˈrɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Serock 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Legionowo and 30 km (19 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 530.
 Ulagampatti (Tamil: உலகம்பட்டி) [1] is a village located in Tiruppathur Taluk in Sivagangai District Tamil Nadu State India.It is also called the villages of Nagarathar's due to the majority of the Nagarathar's population.Pin code: 630410 [2].The nearest town is Ponnamaravathi located 8 kilometers away.
 Amiriyeh (Persian: اميريه‎ also Romanized as Āmīrīyeh; also known as Amīrkhān Qal‘eh-ye Amīrkhan and Qal‘eh-ye Amīr Khān) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Bala Rural District Qushkhaneh District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 11 families.
 Jegurupadu (Telugu: జేగురుపాడు) is a village near mandal headquarters Kadiam Rajahmundry in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Koksu is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Parkoczewo [parkɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Phong Hưng is a commune (xã) and village in Cái Nước District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Çatbahçe is a village in the District of Sincik Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Kalipolje is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 21 people.
 Higieniewo [xiɡʲɛˈɲɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Koszelewki [kɔʂɛˈlɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Gowhar (Persian: گوهر‎) is a village in Hudian Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 10 families.
 Kurianki Pierwsze [kuˈrjanki ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Jaworowo-Jastrzębie [javɔˈrɔvɔ jasˈtʂɛmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zawidz 18 km (11 mi) east of Sierpc and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Koshkabad (Persian: كشك اباد‎ also Romanized as Koshkābād; also known as Khushkabad Koshgābād Kūshakābād and Kūshkābād) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 121 families.
 Turan (Persian: توران‎ also Romanized as Tūrān) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sartangeh (Persian: سرتنگه‎) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 6 families.
 Aqa Hasan Beyglu (Persian: اقاحسن بيگلو‎ also Romanized as Āqā Ḩasan Beyglū) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 38 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Chaf (Persian: حسين ابادچاف‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Chāf) is a village in Chaf Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 25 families.
 Stanisławowo [staniswaˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Qadah-e Bala (Persian: قدح بالا‎ also Romanized as Qadaḩ-e Bālā) is a village in Maspi Rural District in the Central District of Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 24 families.
 Babianka [baˈbjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Parczew and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Brewster is a village in and the county seat of Blaine County Nebraska United States. The population was 17 at the 2010 census.
 Parojska Njiva (Cyrillic: Паројска Њива) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Suyugüzel is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Grabina [ɡraˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kolah Jub-e Sofla (Persian: كله جوب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kolah Jūb-e Soflá and Kolāh Jūb-e Soflá) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 45 families.
 Suskowo [susˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Dzierdziówka [d͡ʑerˈd͡ʑufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaleszany within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zaleszany 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Stalowa Wola and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Przechodzisko [pʂɛxɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sigetec Ludbreški is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Bareina is a Bedouin village and rural commune in the Trarza Region of south-western Mauritania. As of 2000 it had a population of 14987.
 Tammiku is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Sakhteman-e Shuraki (Persian: ساختمان شوركي‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān-e Shūrakī; also known as Shūrakī) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Popielżyn Dolny [pɔˈpjɛlʐɨn ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Płońsk and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Shivoli is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Razbojna is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 479 people.
 Smolniki [smɔlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Krowica Hołodowska [krɔˈvʲit͡sa xɔwɔˈdɔfska] (Ukrainian: Коровиця Голодівська Korovytsia Holodivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Lubaczów and 89 km (55 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 510.
 Masum Kandi (Persian: معصومكندي‎ also Romanized as Ma‘şūm Kandī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Amirabad-e Darestan (Persian: تلمبه اميراباددارستان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Amīrābād-e Dārestān) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lifkuh (Persian: ليفكوه‎ also Romanized as Līfkūh; also known as Līfkū Khandān) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 142 families.
 Sredna is a former village in Gotse Delchev Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. The village due to having nor permanent residents neither any other activity for many years and after a plead from the Municipality was erased from the registers and all its land and other properties were shifted to the town of Gotse Delchev on February 29 2008. Many of the houses are in bad condition.
 Marynin [maˈrɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Güre is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 207 people.
 Doğankaya Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mrce redirects here for other acronyms and other uses see MRCEMrče is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 93 people.
 Drożęcin-Lubiejewo [drɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin lubjɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Głupice [ɡwuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Drużbice 12 km (7 mi) north of Bełchatów and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Załęże [zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Koniecpol 44 km (27 mi) east of Częstochowa and 81 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 149.
 Trzebicko-Piaski [tʂɛˈbit͡skɔ ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Stary Nieskurzów [ˈstarɨ ɲesˈkuʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Baćkowice 16 km (10 mi) west of Opatów and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 570.
 Berseba (Nama: ǃAutsawises) is a village in the Karas Region of southern Namibia and the district capital of the Berseba electoral constituency. It is situated 100 km (62 mi) north-west of Keetmanshoop near the Brukkaros Mountain a famous tourist destination.
 Qeysarabad (Persian: قيصراباد‎ also Romanized as Qeyşarābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 692 in 167 families.
 Jalthal is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 13132.
 Wycisłowo [vɨt͡ɕiˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Borek Wielkopolski 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Gostyń and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lộc Ninh B is a commune (xã) and village in Hồng Dân District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Ścigów [ˈɕt͡ɕiɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Strzeleczki 10 km (6 mi) west of Krapkowice and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Zosin [ˈzɔɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Qinarjeh (Persian: قينرجه‎ also Romanized as Qīnarjeh and Qeynarjeh) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 907 in 201 families.
 Bagh-e Kabir (Persian: باغ كبير‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Kabīr and Bāgh-i-Kabīr) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 895 in 219 families.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 150.
 Koziegłówki [kɔʑeˈɡwufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koziegłowy 10 km (6 mi) west of Myszków and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.
 Haleh Siah (Persian: هاله سياه‎ also Romanized as Hāleh Sīāh; also known as Nīs Kajreh and Nīskeh Jāreh) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Chenar Bon (Persian: چناربن‎ also Romanized as Chenār Bon; also known as Chenār Bon-e Zārem Rūd) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 89 families.
 Khan Abbasi (Persian: خان عباسي‎ also Romanized as Khān ‘Abbāsī) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 72 families.
 Firfire is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4130 people living in 762 individual households.
 Słup [swup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Lidzbark 29 km (18 mi) west of Działdowo and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has an approximate population of 390.
 Skarżyn [ˈskarʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Biała Piska 29 km (18 mi) east of Pisz and 116 km (72 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 190.
 Lakelands is a rural community in Cumberland County Nova Scotia. It is located north of Parrsboro.
 Gokyo is a small village in Solukhumbu District in the Himalayas of Nepal at the foot of Gokyo Ri and on the eastern shore of Gokyo Cho (Dudh Pokhari). The village barely a hamlet consisting of several huts is located at an altitude of 4750 metres (15580 ft) making it one of the highest settlements in Nepal and in the world but likely not permanently inhabited all year around as it is essentially a collection of huts catering to hikers.
 Kuchary [kuˈxarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Wiślica 16 km (10 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Badraq-e Aneh Galdi (Persian: بدراق انه گلدي‎ also Romanized as Badrāq-e Āneh Galdī; also known as Badrāq-e Ānāgolī and Badrāq-e Ānāgaldī) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 82 families.
 Kozorzywie [kɔzɔˈʐɨvjɛ] is a part of Sobienie Kiełczewskie Pierwsze village Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 50. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Sobienie-Jeziory 23 km (14 mi) south of Otwock and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Mamili (Persian: مميلي‎ also Romanized as Mamīlī) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 16 families.
 Hajji Ahmad Shahvazayi (Persian: حاجي احمد شاهوزائي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Aḩmad Shāhvazāyī; also known as Deh-e Ḩājj Aḩmad) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 26 families.
 Gates Mills is a village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. The population was 2270 at the 2010 census. Gates Mills is an affluent suburb of Cleveland. Gates Mills was originally part of Mayfield Township.
 Jaźwiny-Koczoty [jaʑˈvinɨ kɔˈt͡ʂɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Konim (Persian: كنيم‎ also Romanized as Konīm) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 120 families.
 Dash Bolagh (Persian: داش بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh; also known as Dasht Bulāq) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Sharqi Rural District Chaharduli District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Zwiernik [ˈzvjɛrnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pilzno 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Dębica and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Seyyed Taher (Persian: سيدطاهر‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ţāher; also known as Seyyed Z̧āher) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 32 families.
 Krivo Pole is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 46 families.
 Krzyczki-Pieniążki [ˈkʂɨt͡ʂki pjɛˈɲɔ̃ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bagh Dasht (Persian: باغ دشت‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Dasht Bagh-e Dasht and Bāgh-i-Dash; also known as Bāgh Dāsh) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 979 in 195 families.
 Peńskie [ˈpɛɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krypno within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Mońki and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qarah Khan Bandi (Persian: قره خان بندي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Khān Bandī) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 653 in 170 families.
 Habaiyeh (Persian: حبائيه‎ also Romanized as Ḩabā'īyeh; also known as Ḩabā'īyeh-ye Sādāt) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 991 in 133 families.
 Sohray-e Kamalabad (Persian: صحراي کمال آباد‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrāy-e Kamālābād) is a village in Borkhar-e Sharqi Rural District Habibabad District Borkhar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zielona [ʑeˈlɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork-Osada within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kuczbork-Osada 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Żuromin and 119 km (74 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1900.
 Wójeczka [vuˈjɛt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Pacanów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 208.
 Kirikuküla Kärla Parish is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Yengi Kand (Persian: ينگي كند‎ also Romanized as Yengī Kand; also known as Yengeh Kand) is a village in Siyah Mansur Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Kostrzeszyn [kɔsˈtʂɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Złota 19 km (12 mi) south of Pińczów and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Wola Gręboszowska [ˈvɔla ɡrɛmbɔˈʂɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gręboszów within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Nowe Kaczkowo [ˈnɔvɛ kat͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brok within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Wieleń Pomorski [ˈvjɛlɛɲ pɔˈmɔrski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Chociwel 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 106.
 Bierawa [bjɛˈrava] (German Birawa) is a village in Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bierawa. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1370.
 Osiek Dolny [ˈɔɕek ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kłodno [ˈkwɔdnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sulęczyno 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 80.
 Akbarabad-e Pain (Persian: اكبرابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Delielmacık is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 38 people.
 The Poleň village is situated in the southwestern part of Czech Republic in the middle of Europe.On the date 2008-12-31 there were 295 inhabitants (in all of its parts). There are seven parts of the Municipality of Poleň: villages Poleň Mlýnec Poleňka Pušperk and Zdeslav and the settlements Čekanice and Liška.
 Jablanica is a village in the municipality of Boljevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 435 people.
 Thirumalapuram is a Village Panchayat in Chityal Mandal of Warangal district Andhra Pradesh India.Thirumalapuram is also called Thirumalapur. The ancient name for Thirumalapur is Bokkalapadu.Gunturpally is another village attached to Thirumalapur where most of the settlers from Guntur district are living.Velichala Gutta is a nearest Hill forest.
 Żychlin [ˈʐɨxlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Stare Miasto 4 km (2 mi) south of Konin and 96 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1200.
 Emamzadeh Reza (Persian: امامزاده رضا‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Reẕā) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 50 families.
 Loznati is a village in Croatia.
 Kolarovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Harmanli in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Rijsoord is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is located about 10 km southeast of the city of Rotterdam in the municipality of Ridderkerk.Rijsoord was a separate municipality until 1855 when it became part of Ridderkerk. Between 1846 and 1855 it was named Rijsoort en Strevelshoek after a merger with the smaller municipality of Strevelshoek.
 Anthinad (Malayalam:അന്തീനാട്) is a small agricultural village in Kottayam district (MEENACHIL Taluk) situated about 6 kilometres away from Palai. The Main Eastern Highway (Muvattupuzha - Punalur Road ) passes through Anthinad and connects it to two of its neighboring towns Thodupuzha and Pala.
 Pir Sara (Persian: پيرسرا‎ also Romanized as Pīr Sarā; also known as Pursre) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District Mirza Kuchek Janghli District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 634 in 167 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Salehi (Persian: تلمبه صالحي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Şāleḥī) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stok [stɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Mniszków 14 km (9 mi) west of Opoczno and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Heyvand (Persian: هيوند‎; also known as Shāhīvand) is a village in Lumar Rural District Central District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 33 families.
 Khartut (Persian: خرتوت‎ also Romanized as Khartūt) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 115 families.
 Nowy Redzeń [ˈnɔvɨ ˈrɛd͡zɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Koluszki and 29 km (18 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Surprise is a village in southwestern Butler County Nebraska United States. The population was 43 at the 2010 census.
 Dziekanów [d͡ʑeˈkanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Hrubieszów and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 578.
 Yatirawana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nimdur (Persian: نيمدور‎ also Romanized as Nīmdūr and Nīm Dowr) is a village in Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 14 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Majin Rural District Majin District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 10 families.
 Sangli-ye Shirin (Persian: سنگلي شيرين‎ also Romanized as Sanglī-ye Shīrīn; also known as Sīnglī-ye Shīrīn Sengeli Sīnkelī-ye Shīrīn and Sanglī) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 54 families.
 Talikala is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Reyhan (Persian: ريحان‎ also Romanized as Reyḩān; also known as Reyḩānābād) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 80 families.
 Sirpur is a village in Pakhanjur tehsil Kanker district Chhattisgarh India.
 Aldea Beleiro is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Salapalayam is a village in the east of Namakkal District Tamil Nadu India. Nearest Post Office : Reddipatti Occupation of people: Agriculture road haulage. Total Families: 250 Nearest town: Namakkal Nearest State HighWay: SH 161 Thuraiyur–Namakkal road Religion: Hindu Castes of people: Kongu Vellala Gounder Arunthathiyar
 Mohadi is a town and a tehsil in Bhandara subdivision of Bhandara district in Nagpur revenue Division in the Berar region in the state of Maharashtra India.It is located on the State Highway-273 [Bhandara - Tumsar]. there is the temple of goddess chandeshwari it is very famous temple among hindu. This temple is about 300 years old. The castes found in the Mohadi is Halba/Halbi Teli Kunbi and scheduled caste people and less proportion of Muslim the language spoken is Marathi language.
 Qandil (Persian: قنديل‎ also Romanized as Qandīl) is a village in Somghan Rural District Chenar Shahijan District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 99 families.
 Siramelkudi is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Rud-e Hasan-e Sofla (Persian: رودحسن سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rūd-e Ḩasan-e Soflá and Rūd Ḩasan-e Soflá; also known as Kaleh Mar Sofla Kalleh Mār Kalleh Mār-e Pā’īn and Kalleh Mār-e Soflá) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 20 families.
 Guil (Persian: گوئيل‎ also Romanized as Gū'īl; also known as Gavīl) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 21 families.
 Ardak (Persian: اردك‎) is a village in Chuqur Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 376 in 70 families.
 Arunodaya is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5489 people living in 934 individual households.
 Mazraeh Jazmeh (Persian: مزرعه جزمه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh Jazmeh) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abishegapakkam (Tamil: அபிஷேகபக்கம்) is a panchayat village in Ariyankuppam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry India. It is also a revenue village under Ariyankuppam Firka
 Khoshkabad (Persian: خشك اباد‎ also Romanized as Khoshkābād) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 35 families.
 Faryazan (Persian: فريازان‎ also Romanized as Faryāzān; also known as Fīryāzān) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1401 in 352 families.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Chodzież and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 64.
 Sibdeh (Persian: سيب ده‎ also Romanized as Sībdeh) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 26 families.
 Kuitaart is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Hulst and lies about 24 km southwest of Bergen op Zoom.The statistical area Kuitaart which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 120.
 Deh Sir (Persian: ده‌سیر‎ also Romanized as Deh Sīr; also known as Deh-e Shīr and Deh Zīr) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Gilapey (Persian: گيلاپي‎ also Romanized as Gīlāpey) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 520 in 138 families.
 Poonoor is a small but developed village in Unnikulam Panchayath of Kozhikode Districtin the state of Kerala India. Situated on Thamarassery-Koyilandy state highway 4.5 KM west to Thamarassery town and 8.5 km east to Balussery town. Poonoor is in Koyilandy Taluk.Poonoor is on the banks of the  Poonoor River (Punoor puzha).
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād; also known as Dehnow-ye ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Kłodobok [kwɔˈdɔbɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kamiennik 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Nysa and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bahrin (Persian: بحرين‎ also Romanized as Baḥrīn) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 17 families.
 Oxford is a village in Chenango County New York USA. The population was 1450 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Oxford Massachusetts the hometown of the landowner.The Village of Oxford is in the northern part of the Town of Oxford southwest of the City of Norwich.
 Ganj Kola-ye Bala (Persian: گنج كلابالا‎ also Romanized as Ganj Kolā-ye Bālā; also known as Bālā Ganjkolāh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 578 in 153 families.
 Razan (Persian: رازان‎ also Romanized as Rāzān) is a village in Razan Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1757 in 423 families.
 Matay is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Mawry [ˈmavrɨ] (German Mawern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Tarvizak (Persian: طرويزك‎ also Romanized as Ţarvīzak; also known as Tabrīzak) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 994 in 267 families.
 Bożenkowo [bɔʐɛŋˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Osielsko and 12 km (7 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 395.
 Tepeören is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Dowlatābād-e Marvdasht and Dowlat Abad Marvdasht) is a village in Kenareh Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1247 in 298 families.
 Kaleran is a village in Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar district Punjab India. The village is situated near Banga and located at approximately 325 km from New Delhi 120 km from Amritsar and 1400 km from Mumbai. It is in the North-West part of India; a few hundred kilometres south of Kashmir and to the west of the Himalayan foothills of Punjab and Himachal Pradesh. The village is situated approximately 1.8 km from Dhahan.
 Kolu is a village in Türi Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Guélélinkoro is a village and seat of the rural commune of Djallon-Foula in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 40 km west of the town of Yanfolila and 4 km east of the Sankarani River that marks the border of Mali with Guinea.
 Vandiver is a village in Audrain County Missouri in the United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 77.
 Sylwerynów [sɨlvɛˈrɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Paradyż 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kaznówek [kazˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Świnice Warckie 22 km (14 mi) west of Łęczyca and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Szymocice [ʂɨmɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nędza within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Nędza 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Racibórz and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 304.
 Tveide is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Palang Darreh (Persian: پلنگ دره‎; also known as Palang Darreh-ye Bālā) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 260 in 63 families.
 Łysakówek [wɨsaˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Borowa 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Mielec and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Deh Kadeh Salami (Persian: دهكده سلامي‎ also Romanized as Deh Kadeh Salāmī) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Rusy [ˈrusɨ] (German: Rossen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Braniewo and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 24.
 Mursaruiyeh (Persian: مورساروييه‎ also Romanized as Mūrsārū’īyeh; also known as Marsārū’īyeh and Morsārū’īyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 11 families.
 Biskupin [bisˈkupin] (German: Urstätt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Gąsawa 8 km (5 mi) south of Żnin and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 320.
 Pari (Persian: پري‎ also Romanized as Parī) is a village in Oryad Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 777 in 177 families.
 Nowa Rozedranka [ˈnɔva rɔzɛˈdraŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Golin [ˈɡɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Człopa 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Wałcz and 105 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.
 Pakhribas is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4508 people living in 890 individual households.One story says that Pakhribas got its name from a Pakhri tree which used to stand at the center of the present day Pakhribas Bazaar some decades ago.
 Mieścisko [mjɛɕˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Gniewoszów 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Kozienice and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Derealan is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Arg-e Qalandar (Persian: ارگ قلندر‎ also Romanized as Arg-e Qalandar; also known as Arg-e Mīr Qalandar) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 475 in 95 families.
 Siedlec [ˈɕɛdlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krzeszowice and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 612. Religions: Roman Catholicism Jehovah's Witnesses (1%).
 Głęboczek [ɡwɛmˈbɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Nebioğlu Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Bungadovan is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4537 and had 904 houses in the town.
 Porszewice [pɔrʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 300.
 Ljutež is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 281 people.
 Honoratka-Władysławów [xɔnɔˈratka vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 134.
 Hasselvika is a village in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the Trondheimsfjord about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) north of the municipal center of Årnset. It is the location of the old Agdenes military fort as well as the Hasselvika Church.
 Vista Alegre (Neuquén) is a village and municipality in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 137 families.
 Elambalur is the nearest village to Perambalur (3.6 km) and to NH45 road (2 km). It is a special village in Perambalur district Tamilnadu India. It includes the hamlet villages of Indira Nagar MGR nagar MahathmaGandhi Nagar Samathuvapuram and Nethaji Nagar.
 Meydanlar (Persian: ميدانلار‎ also Romanized as Meydānlār and Meydān-e Lār) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 20 families.
 Khafkuiyeh (Persian: خافكوييه‎ also Romanized as Khāfkū’īyeh; also known as Khāfkūh) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 37 families.
 Okose is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Przymiłowice-Podgrabie [pʂɨmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔdˈɡrabjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztyn within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Częstochowa and 62 km (39 mi) northeast of the regional capital Katowice.
 Owendale is a village in Huron County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 241 at the 2010 census. The village is within Brookfield Township.
 Buttaigudem or Buttayagudem (Telugu: బుట్టాయగూడెం) is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.This village is situated 8 km distance to Jangareddigudem.
 Nukabad (Persian: نوك اباد‎ also Romanized as Nūkābād; also known as Shamsābād-e Sarhang) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 855 in 163 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajj Ali Qoli Jelal va Khan Aqa (Persian: قشلاق حاج علي قلي جلال وخان اقا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj ʿAlī Qolī Jelāl va Khān Āqā) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Nurabad (Persian: نوراباد‎ also Romanized as Nūrābād) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1168 in 254 families.
 Leušići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 162 people.
 Kotnowo [kɔtˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Płużnica 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Wąbrzeźno and 36 km (22 mi) north of Toruń.
 Abzar (Persian: ابزار‎ also Romanized as Ābzār) is a village in Rudar Rural District Central District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 16 families.
 Kateh Gush (Persian: كته گوش‎ also Romanized as Kateh Gūsh) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 23 families.
 Tarchały Wielkie [tarˈxawɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Tarchenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odolanów within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Odolanów 6 km (4 mi) south of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1200.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] (German: Bilsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubraniec 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 55 km (34 mi) south of Toruń.
 Jędruszkowce [jɛndruʂˈkɔft͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Андрушківці Andrushkivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Sanok and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 210.
 Żółtki [ˈʐuu̯tki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Choroszcz and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dasturan (Persian: دستوران‎ also Romanized as Dastūrān) is a village in Dasturan Rural District in the Central District of Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 846 in 228 families.
 Taq (Persian: طاق‎ also Romanized as Ţāq; also known as Tak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 72 families.
 Jey Shir (Persian: جي شير‎ also Romanized as Jey Shīr; also known as Jey Shīd) is a village in Jey Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1972 in 519 families.
 Kalsko [ˈkalskɔ] (formerly German Kalzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Międzyrzecz 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 64 km (40 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 400.
 Harbine is a village in Jefferson County Nebraska United States. The population was 49 at the 2010 census.
 Bagh Kheyrat (Persian: باغ خيرات‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Kheyrāt and Bāghkheyrāt) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 337 in 111 families.
 Kaşıkçı Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 12 people.
 Miłaczew Kolonia [miˈwat͡ʂɛf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Malanów 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Turek and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Deh Ali (Persian: ده علي‎ also Romanized as Deh ʿAlī; also known as Dehalī) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District Gandoman District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 5 families.
 Qaleh Gol Ali Aqa (Persian: قلعه گل علي اقا‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Gol ʿAlī Aqā) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sośninka [sɔɕˈniŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) south of Garwolin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 400.
 Dasht-e Qandil (Persian: دشت قنديل‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Qandīl) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Utulei is a village in American Samoa. Located there are the governor's office and the Rainmaker Hotel.
 Zastocze [zasˈtɔt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Zwoleń and 112 km (70 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Morrow is a village in Salem Township Warren County Ohio United States. The population was 1188 at the 2010 census. The village is named for Governor Jeremiah Morrow.
 Katku is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Ažuožeriai (or Užuožeriai) is a village in Anykščiai district municipality in Utena County in northeast Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 452 people.Prevailing agricultural branch of local farming is gardening. Surroundings feature wood carvings commemorating spot of writer A.
 Galeh-ye Dary Hashem Ebrahimi (Persian: گله دارئ هاشم ابراهيمي‎ also Romanized as Galeh-ye Dāry Hāshem Ebrāhīmī) is a village in Hashivar Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wężnik [ˈvɛ̃ʐnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krzęcin 9 km (6 mi) south of Choszczno and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Amreh (Persian: امره‎) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 9 families.
 Tayemeh (Persian: طايمه‎ also Romanized as Ţāyemeh Ţā’emeh and Ţāīmeh; also known as Somāq and Thaimāq) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 673 in 162 families.
 Adamów [aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Grzybów Hornowski [ˈɡʐɨbuf xɔrˈnɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żychlin 24 km (15 mi) east of Kutno and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Łagów [ˈwaɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łyszkowice 12 km (7 mi) south of Łowicz and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rastovnica is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 69 people.
 Kizielewszczyzna [kiʑɛlɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Janów 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Budak is a village in Croatia. It is located near Stankovci connected by the D27 highway.
 La Bajada (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Köprücük Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Majdabad (Persian: مجداباد‎ also Romanized as Majdābād) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقر آباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād; also known as Bāqelābād and Bāqirābād) is a village in Babarashani Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Aghal (Persian: تلمبه اغل‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Āghal) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Koynashen is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Wilczków [ˈvilt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malczyce within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Malczyce 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Środa Śląska and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chacharramendi is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
 Marvin is a village in Union County North Carolina United States. The population was 5579 at the 2010 census.
 Krajewo-Borowe [kraˈjɛvɔ bɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Hasandede is a village in the District of Dazkırı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Zehiriyeh-ye Bala (Persian: ظهيريه بالا‎ also Romanized as Zehīrīyeh-ye Shānī) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 65 families.
 Cốc Đán is a commune (xã) and village in Ngân Sơn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Popków [ˈpɔpkuf] (German: Pfaffensteig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Stronie Śląskie 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Kłodzko and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Gębarzów-Kolonia [ɡɛmˈbaʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 27 families.
 Kihlevere is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Bashmaq (Persian: باشماق‎ also Romanized as Bāshmāq) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 17 families.
 Warangi is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2745 people living in 506 individual households.
 Úžice (Mělník District) is a village and municipality in the Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Absdale is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Hulst and lies about 32 km southwest of Bergen op Zoom.The statistical area Absdale which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 150.
 Mašići is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Malverne is a village in the town of Hempstead in Nassau County New York United States. The population was 8514 at the 2010 census.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 58 families.
 Dobiesław [dɔˈbjɛswaf] (formerly German Abtshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Darłowo 23 km (14 mi) west of Sławno and 154 km (96 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 379.
 Muzga is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Eydehavn is a village area in the municipality of Arendal in Aust-Agder county Norway. The population of the village area (2001) is about 4080 people. It is the former administrative centre of both Moland and Stokken municipalities. Both municipalities have since been incorporated into Arendal. The village is located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the city centre of Arendal about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) south of Strengereid and just across the Tromøysundet from Kongshamn.
 Now Dar Amad (Persian: نودرامد‎ also Romanized as Now Dar Āmad and Now Darāmad) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 643 in 153 families.
 Suchy Las [ˈsuxɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Michałowice 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Pruszków and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Stara Wieś [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Chah-e Saadat (Persian: چاه سعادت‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Saʿādat) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Grabówiec [ɡraˈbuvjɛt͡s] (German: Grabenwies) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Skępe 17 km (11 mi) east of Lipno and 58 km (36 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 90.
 Cielechowizna [t͡ɕɛlɛxɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 40 km (25 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Asel Poshteh (Persian: عسل پشته‎ also Romanized as ʿAsel Poshteh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Staświny [staɕˈfinɨ] (German Stasswinnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Stróża-Kolonia [ˈstruʐa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kraśnik and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.In 2007 the village had a population of 944.
 Ankeh (Persian: انكه‎ also Romanized as Ānḵeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qadamgah (Persian: قدمگاه‎ also Romanized as Qadamgāh) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mojtame-ye Meskuni Farhangian (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني فرهنگيان‎ also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Meskūnī Farhangīān) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 558 in 164 families.
 Tyłowo [tɨˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Krokowa 18 km (11 mi) west of Puck and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 185.
 Ploča (Serbian: Плоча) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 400 people.
 Skubianka [skuˈbjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Serock 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Legionowo and 30 km (19 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Lipnica [lipˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzikowiec within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dzikowiec 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Kolbuszowa and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1300.
 Rima (Arabic: ريمه) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Rima had a population of 1132 in the 2004 census.
 Mowtowr-e Ali Ahmad Khalqpur (Persian: موتورعلي احمدخالق پور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlī Aḩmad Khālqpūr) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qanatabad (Persian: قنات اباد‎ also Romanized as Qanātābād) is a village in Karezan Rural District Karezan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 93 families.
 Limuchi (Persian: ليموچي‎ also Romanized as Līmūchī; also known as Līmūchīhā) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 15 families.
 Tashdeh (Persian: تاشده‎ also Romanized as Tāshdeh; also known as Tāshteh) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 79 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: تلمبه سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Moḩammad) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 28 families.
 Čiflik (Serbian: Чифлик) is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Bela Palanka Pirot District. In 2002 it had a population of 103.
 Abu Ghoveyr (Persian: ابوغوير‎ also Romanized as Abū Ghoveyr and Abūghovīr; also known as Abū Ghūyer Abu Qoveyr and Abū Qūyer) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 56 families.
 Khotang Bazar is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2433 persons living in 458 individual households.
 Dehbid (Persian: ده بيد‎ also Romanized as Dehbīd and Deh Bīd) is a village in Kenareh Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1117 in 271 families.
 Gąsiorówko [ɡɔ̃ɕɔˈrufkɔ] (German: Kleinkiöwen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wieliczki 14 km (9 mi) south of Olecko and 134 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 180.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bavan (Persian: باوان‎ also Romanized as Bāvān) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1040 in 181 families.
 Bronice [brɔˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nałęczów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Nałęczów 20 km (12 mi) east of Puławy and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Çömelek is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains to the east of Mut. The distance to Mut is 45 kilometres (28 mi) and to Mersin is 165 kilometres (103 mi). The population of the village was 419 as of 2011. Sason canyon is to the south of the village.
 Průhonice is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Niazqoli (Persian: نيازقلي‎ also Romanized as Nīāzqolī) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 18 families.
 Chah Amiq-e Hasan Mohammadi Parur (Persian: چاه عميق حسن محمدي پرور‎ also Romanized as Chāh ʿAmīq-e Ḩasan Moḩammadī Parūr; also known as Chāh ʿAmīq-e Moḩammad) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Niestronno [ɲesˈtrɔnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Mogilno and 48 km (30 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Cham-e Yusefali (Persian: چم يوسفعلي‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Yūsef‘alī and Cham-e Yūsof ‘Alī) is a village in Cham Kuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1630 in 380 families.
 Stamford is a village in Harlan County Nebraska United States. The population was 183 at the 2010 census.
 Szczeciny [ʂt͡ʂɛˈt͡ɕinɨ] (German: Stettinnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Fadak (Persian: فدك‎) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Çimenli is a village in the District of Murgul Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 70 people.
 Zameczek [zaˈmɛt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 90.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Suteh Kheyl (Persian: سوته خيل‎ also Romanized as Sūteh Kheyl) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 86 families.
 Potoczek [pɔˈtɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Adamów 16 km (10 mi) south of Zamość and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 270.
 Markiny [marˈkʲinɨ] (German: Markienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 58 km (36 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sieprawice [ɕɛpraˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Daržinėlės is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 12 people.
 Stratton is a village in Hitchcock County Nebraska United States. The population was 343 at the 2010 census.
 Iordanovca is a commune in Basarabeasca district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Iordanovca.
 Moragolleyaya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Húns (Dutch: Huins) is a small village in Littenseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 100 citizens (2007). There is a preserved windmill De Huinsermolen.
 Temeszów [tɛˈmɛʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dydnia 15 km (9 mi) east of Brzozów and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 380.
 Jusaki-Zarzeka [juˈsakʲi zaˈʐɛka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Łomazy 18 km (11 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 83 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Perzyny [pɛˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Zbąszyń 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 70 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Avanur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.Avanur is located around 3 km east of the Thrissur-Kunnamkulam highway from Mundur junction and around 8 to 9 km from Thrissur town. The new Government Medical College at Mulankunnathukavu is just 3.5 km from Avanur. Avanur Grama panchayath bagged the Swaraj Trophy for the best village panchayat in Kerala for the year 2000–2001.
 Kottukadu is a small town situated in the chavara panchayath. Kottukadu muslim jamaathu is the second biggest population jamaathu in kollam district 100% educated peoples living in there. Our thalook is karunagappaliy. Around 100&sunni muslims is there. Our specialty is the oldest familys living together so there is all peoples living as per a mutual understanding.(Jimzom Boys)
 Róża Mała [ˈruʐa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Szydłowo 17 km (11 mi) west of Piła and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Cheqa (Persian: چقا‎ also Romanized as Cheqā and Choqā) is a village in Masumiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 13 families.
 Chalabeh-ye Olya (Persian: چالابه عليا‎ also Romanized as Chālābeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chālābeh-ye Bālā Chālāb-e ‘Olyā and Chalāwa) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 42 families.
 Ootpally is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.
 Chhinchu is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6359 people living in 1436 individual households.
 Phương Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Nam District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Rekle [ˈrɛklɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Rząśnia 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Pajęczno and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Bid Sorkh (Persian: بيدسرخ‎ also Romanized as Bīd Sorkh) is a village in Sahneh Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 181 families.
 Kakunj is a village in the municipality of Baldushk in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Tolombeh-ye Ahmadabad Efazeli (Persian: تلمبه احمدابادافضلي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Aḩmadābād Efaz̤elī) is a village in Darreh Doran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bradshaw is a village in York County Nebraska United States. The population was 273 at the 2010 census.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Balubadi is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4926 people living in 985 individual households.
 Baraqu (Persian: برقرو‎ also Romanized as Baraqū; also known as Barghroo Barkarū Barqarū Barqrau and Barqrū) is a village in Negel Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 759 in 189 families.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Szydłowiec and 116 km (72 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 214.
 Gowk (Persian: گوك‎ also Romanized as Govak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Kottiyam is one of the fast developing suburban towns located at the southern end of Kollam city in Kollam District Kerala India. Kottiyam is a thriving and fast developing commercial centre at the southern end of Kollam city. The town is developing fast and the land price is very high for a suburban town.
 Illandakunta is a small village in the Jammikunta mandal in India. It is most famous for its temple to Rama which was built hundreds of years ago.Illanthakunta a village nearby is famous for the temple of Lord Rama. It is told that Lord Rama came here on his way back home after killing Raavan. Attracting a number of tourists in the recent past this holy pilgrimage is meant for development to serve the increasing number of devotees.
 Ulucz [ˈulut͡ʂ] (Ukrainian: Улюч Uliuch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. The village has a population of 150. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Dydnia 20 km (12 mi) east of Brzozów and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The Boyko population of the area used to call the village Ulicz before being expelled during Operation Vistula.
 Bobrowniki [bɔbrɔvˈniki] (formerly German Beweringen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Chociwel 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Mazraeh-ye Emamzadeh Esmail (Persian: مزرعه امامزاده اسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Emāmzādeh Esmā‘īl) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rupni Do (Cyrillic: Рупни До) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dębiany [dɛmˈbjanɨ] (German Dombehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Barciany 12 km (7 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 Zdziłowice [zd͡ʑiwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Janów Lubelski and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1980.
 Pil (Persian: پيل‎ also Romanized as Pīl; also known as Pel) is a village in Owzrud Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 23 families.
 Świnki [ˈɕfiŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Topólka 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 64 km (40 mi) south of Toruń.
 Cibory Gałeckie [t͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ ɡaˈwɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Zawady and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kurtköy is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 447 people.
 Solinki [sɔˈlʲiŋkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Chrzczony [ˈxʂt͡ʂɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sütlaç is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Quzan (Persian: قوزان‎ also Romanized as Qūzān) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 100 families.
 Pingryville is a village in the towns of Ayer and Littleton Middlesex County Massachusetts United States. Massachusetts Route 2A and Massachusetts Route 110 pass through the community.The community was mentioned in the song Massachusetts by Norwegian comedy duo Ylvis.
 Katunje is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 19497 with 4692 houses in it.
 Masha-ye Musa Khurshidi (Persian: مشاع موسي خورشيدي‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Mūsá Khūrshīdī) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Khalil Kola (Persian: خليل كلا‎ also Romanized as Khalīl Kolā and Khalīl Kalā; also known as Khalīl Kūlā) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 559 in 154 families.
 Nijland (West Frisian: Nijlân) is a small village in Wymbritseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands. As of January 1 2007 it had 1038 residents—537 men and 501 women.
 Ewinów [ɛˈvinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Przykona 16 km (10 mi) east of Turek and 132 km (82 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Brzezińskie Holendry [bʐɛˈʑiɲskʲɛ xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Konin and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Huyeh (Persian: هويه‎ also Romanized as Hūyeh Havyeh and Hūyah; also known as Huyān) is a village in Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1149 in 290 families.
 Shwehnit is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād; also known as Cheqā-ye Sabz and Chigha yi Sabz) is a village in Rumeshkhan-e Gharbi Rural District Rumeshkhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 897 in 180 families.
 Izvorovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Harmanli in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Donja Ričica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Orahovo is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 34 people.
 Aminabad-e Hayateh Bozorg (Persian: امين آباد حياته بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād-e Hayāteh Bozorg; also known as Amīnābād and Mīnābād) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 65 families.
 Qalandar (Persian: قلندر‎) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 41 families.
 Yên Nhuận is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Austnes is a village in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the southeast side of the island of Haramsøya about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) southwest of the village of Longva via the Ullasund Bridge. The Ulla lighthouse is located about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) to the north of Austnes.
 Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bukowiec. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Świecie and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 1210.
 Obidowa [ɔbiˈdɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Nowy Targ and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 750.
 Peda Bondapalli (or Pedabondapalle) is a village/Gram panchayat in Parvathipuram mandal Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Varzard Arpena (Persian: ورزرد ارپناه‎ also Romanized as Varzard Ārpenāh) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bichari Chautara is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1678 people living in 494 individual households.
 Mullutu is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.Estonian fourth largest lake Mullutu-Suurlaht is located in the southern side of Mullutu village.
 Velliyamattom is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Alupotawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sar Tangan (Persian: سرتنگان‎ also Romanized as Sar Tangān and Sar-i-Tangān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 6 families.
 Borran-e Olya (Persian: بران عليا‎ also Romanized as Borrān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Barān and Borrān-e Bālā) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1180 in 236 families.
 Binińskie Huby [biˈniɲskʲɛ ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostroróg within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ostroróg 15 km (9 mi) west of Szamotuły and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ab Kel Shisheh (Persian: اب كل شيشه‎ also Romanized as Āb Kel Shīsheh; also known as Āb Kel and Ābkel) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 50 families.
 Njivice is a village in Croatia.
 Tang-e Ruin (Persian: تنگرويين‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Rū’īn; also known as Tang-e Rūdeh) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 826 in 182 families.
 Paltalu (Persian: پالتلو‎ also Romanized as Pāltalū; also known as Bāletlū) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 26 families.
 Nebrowo Wielkie [nɛˈbrɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Nebrau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Sadlinki 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Kwidzyn and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 360.
 Håkavik is a village in Akershus Norway. It is perhaps most famous for lending its name to the eponymous power station in neighboring Buskerud.
 Gandeshkan (Persian: گندشكان‎ also Romanized as Gandeshkān and Gandeshgān) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Masafer (Persian: مسافر‎ also Romanized as Masāfer) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Garza (Santiago del Estero) is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Brezova is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 551 people.
 Czajęcice [t͡ʂajɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Bandhuganj is a village in Jehanabad district of Bihar state India.
 Cieplikowo [t͡ɕepliˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Trzcińsko-Zdrój 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kuzminec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D35 highway.
 Lundermoen is a village in Sørum municipality Norway. Its population is 1207.
 Tjerkwerd (West Frisian: Tsjerkwert) is a small village in Wûnseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 457 citizens (2004).
 Sheykh Mahalleh (Persian: شيخ محله‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Maḩalleh; also known as Shāh Mahalleh and Shakhmagalle) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 85 families.
 Nerezine is a fishing village on the island of Losinj in Croatia. The current population is 400. It has many historic houses. The first time it was mentioned was in the 14th Century.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kowiesy 23 km (14 mi) east of Skierniewice and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 120.
 Wiąg [vjɔŋk] (German: Jungen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Świecie 45 km (28 mi) north of Toruń and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 520.
 Krzeczkowo-Nowe Bieńki [kʂɛt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ˈnɔvɛ ˈbjɛɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Livonia is a village located in the Town of Livonia Livingston County New York at the intersection of US Route 20 and Route 15. The population was 1409 at the 2010 census.
 Boczków [ˈbɔt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Skalmierzyce 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 400.
 Mogheytiyeh (Persian: مغيطيه‎ also Romanized as Mogheytīyeh; also known as Faḥestān (Persian: فحستان) Mokhestān Moqbetīyeh Moqeyţīyali Moqeyţīyeh Moqeyţīyeh Moqeytiyye Moqītiyeh Moxestan Mughaiti and Seyyed Ḩasan-e Hakīm) is a village in Shalahi Rural District in the Central District of Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 794 in 142 families.
 Brudzewice [brud͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ] formerly German Brüsewitz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchań within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Suchań 15 km (9 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sohra Morad Chaqvari (Persian: صحرا مراد چقوري‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrā Morād Chaqvarī) is a village in Nurabad Rural District Garkan-e Jonubi District Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Namak Ruy (Persian: نمك روي‎ also Romanized as Namak Rūy) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Maravanthuruthu is a small village located in the Kottayam district of Kerala in India. It is surrounded by the river Murinjapuzha and is connected to the neighbouring villages Thalayolaparambu Enādi by recently constructed bridges.
 Ishanlar (Persian: ايشانلر‎ also Romanized as Īshānlar; also known as Īshālar and Yashālar) is a village in Aqabad Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 122 families.
 Mawale Wadi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Ostružnja Gornja (Cyrillic: Остружња Горња) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rampurwa is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3689 people living in 542 individual households.
 Dowspuda [dɔfsˈpuda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Raczki 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Suwałki and 99 km (62 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 180.
 Zaruby [zaˈrubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sejny and 111 km (69 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Sinder sometimes formerly spelled Zinder is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Sirpur is a village in Kondagaon tehsil Bastar district Chhattisgarh India.
 Avtovac (Serbian: Автовац) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Łąki [ˈwɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Paso Flores is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Nowe Chechło [ˈnɔvɛ ˈxɛxwɔ] (German Neu Chechlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerklaniec within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Świerklaniec 5 km (3 mi) east of Tarnowskie Góry and 23 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1300.
 Alpu is a village in the District of Pozantı Adana Province Turkey.
 Serudandapola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gącz [ɡɔnt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kamardugh (Persian: كمردوغ‎ also Romanized as Kamardūgh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 38 families.
 Remiszew Mały [rɛˈmiʂɛf ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Sokołów Podlaski and 94 km (58 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dikuwa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2022 persons living in 342 individual households.
 Varazqan (Persian: ورزقان‎ also Romanized as Varazqān Varezqān and Verazqān; also known as Varzagān Varzaghan Dezmar Varzaqān and Verazgan) is a village in Dizmar-e Markazi Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 34 families.
 Lagadigoth is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2799 people living in 482 individual households.
 Kolashlu (Persian: كلشلو‎ also Romanized as Kolashlū; also known as Golashlū) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dehnow (Persian: ده نو‎; also known as Dehnow-ye Mollā Moḩammad Taqī) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 14 families.
 Nieskórz [ˈɲeskuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 93 km (58 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 550.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Nunna is a panchayat village and Mandal in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Esmailabad-e Gorji (Persian: اسماعيل ابادگرجي‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād-e Gorjī; also known as Esmā‘īlābād-e Kalālī and Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 188 families.
 Neriamangalam (നേര്യമംഗലം) is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala. Neriamangalam is on the banks of Periyar River. It is on the border of Ernakulam & Idukki districts. Agriculture is the predominant occupation in this area.The Neriamangalam Bridge Ranikallu (stone of queen) etc. are of historical importance.
 Tajabad-e Kohneh (Persian: تاج ابادكهنه‎ also Romanized as Tājābād-e Kohneh; also known as Tājābād) is a village in Azadegan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 949 in 237 families.
 Amdhi is a small village in Azamgarh district of Uttar Pradesh India situated near the Jahanaganj Market.The name was derived from 'आम (Mango) and दही (Yogurt)' the traditional indian fruit and food.It lies 14 km south of Azamgarh city. It is well connected and accessible through Azamgarh city Varanasi Jaunpur and Allahabad. It has a high literacy rate. The village has a post office with pin code as 276131 and dispensary run by state government.Amdhi village is muslim populated area.
 Rzuców [ˈʐut͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borkowice within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Borkowice 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Przysucha and 105 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Boveyri (Persian: بويري‎ also Romanized as Boveyrī and Buvairi; also known as Boveyrī-ye Bālā and Boveyrī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1515 in 328 families.
 Kukh-e Kani Guyz (Persian: كوخ كاني گويز‎ also Romanized as Kūkh-e Kānī Gūyz) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 18 families.
 Przylepka [pʂɨˈlɛpka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Keravere is a village in Martna Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Białkowo [bjau̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Radzanowo 11 km (7 mi) east of Płock and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Meydanak (Persian: ميدانك‎ also Romanized as Meydānak) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Kjeldebotn (Northern Sami: Gálldo) is a village in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. The village is located on the southern shore of the Ofotfjorden about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northwest of the village of Ballangen. Kjeldebotn Church is located in the village.
 Glaet is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Pileh (Persian: پيله‎ also Romanized as Pīleh and Paileh; also known as Pelah) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 62 families.
 Badowo-Dańki [baˈdɔvɔ ˈdaɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 240.
 Domachowo [dɔmaˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Trąbki Wielkie 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Pruszcz Gdański and 21 km (13 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 474.
 Kamena is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Harambašići (Serbian: Харамбашићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح آباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 13 families.
 Rybniki [rɨbˈɲikʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Wasilków and 17 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Machik (Persian: مچيك‎ also Romanized as Machīk) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Aleksandrowo [alɛksanˈdrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pashtab (Persian: پشتاب‎ also Romanized as Pashtāb) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 57 families.
 Rebaski is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Koniuszowa [kɔɲuˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Korzenna 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Warzyce [vaˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Jasło and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Łosiniec [wɔˈɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Korycin 22 km (14 mi) west of Sokółka and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tworkowizna Rowska [tfɔrkɔˈvizna ˈrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Dismanitsa is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Średnica-Jakubowięta [ɕrɛdˈnit͡sa jakubɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Hảo Nghĩa is a commune (xã) and village in Na Rì District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Boneh-ye Farhan (Persian: بنه فرهان‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Farhān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Badljevica is a village in the municipality of Smederevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 439 people.
 Rezavieh (Persian: رضويه‎ also Romanized as Rez̤avīeh; also known as Qal‘eh Sīāh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 596 in 132 families.
 Deh Bahar (Persian: ده بهار‎ also Romanized as Deh Bahār; also known as Dehbahā) is a village in Gilvan Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 183 families.
 Khvajehlar (Persian: خواجه لر‎ also Romanized as Khvājehlar and Khājehlar) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District Gomishan District Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1848 in 366 families.
 Gnin [ɡnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Rakoniewice 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gut Muri (Persian: گوت موري‎ also Romanized as Gūt Mūrī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Międzylesie [mjɛnd͡zɨˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Władysławów 8 km (5 mi) north of Turek and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mowla Bakhsh Bazar (Persian: مولابخش بازار‎ also Romanized as Mowlā Bakhsh Bāzār; also known as Mollābakhsh Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 272 in 52 families.
 Gowmazi Jari (Persian: گومازي جاري‎ also Romanized as Gowmāzī Jārī; also known as Bāzār Dād Khodā) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 14 families.
 Bansbari is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4474 and had 827 houses in the village.
 Cheshmeh Ab Gol (Persian: چشمه ابگل‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Āb Gol) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 28 families.
 Mohammad Kesani Nezhad (Persian: محمد كساني نژاد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Kesānī Nezhād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Dalalun (Persian: دلالون‎ also Romanized as Dalālūn; also known as Dalālan Delālān and Delālon) is a village in Tiab Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 21 families.
 Aleksandrowiec [alɛksanˈdrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrcz within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Dobrcz and 21 km (13 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 94.
 Kishanpura is a village in Notified Area Committee of Zirakpur in district Mohali in state of Punjab in India.
 Kamarna is a village in Illuka Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kania Mała [ˈkaɲa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Chociwel 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Reoli is a village of block Bhagalpur in Deoria district in the state of Uttar Pradesh India. It is under the Tehsil Salempur. It is situated 5 kilometres east to Bhagalpur. Pindi Bazar is 5 km east to it. Lar Bazar is nearly 6.5 km in northeast. Barhaj Bazar is 25 km in northeast. Deoria is 53 km from Reoli. SalemPur is just 24 km from Reoli. Belthra Road is just 10 km away in south from Reoli.Saryu (Ghaghra) river is just 5 km away at Bhagalpur west to Reoli.
 Güneycik Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Konopnica [kɔnɔpˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 430.
 Gennadi (Greek: Γεννάδι) is a Greek village seat of the municipal unit of South Rhodes on the island of Rhodes South Aegean region. As of 2001 its population was of 665.
 Brzyna [ˈbʐɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Łącko 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Nowy Sącz and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 740.
 Gazgunu (Persian: گزگونو‎ also Romanized as Gazgūnū) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bukowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 km south of Kolbuszowa and 23 km north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Trzcinica 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Kępno and 156 km (97 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zwierzyniec [zvjɛˈʐɨɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Śliwice 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 67 km (42 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 40.
 Golchin (Persian: گلچين‎ also Romanized as Golchīn; also known as Galjīn Gil’dzhin Giljin Goljīn and Jeljīn) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 44 families.
 Koçaşlıi is a small village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°11′N 33°30′E it is situated to the north of Turkish state highway D.400. Distance to Gülnar is 51 kilometres (32 mi) and to Mersin is 140 kilometres (87 mi). The population of the village is 70 as of 2011.
 Bielice [bjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Torzym within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Torzym 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Sulęcin 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Víkarbyrgi is a former village on the Faroese island of Suðuroy Faroe Islands.It no longer has a population. It retains a postal code (FO 928) and is located at N 61° 26' 34 W 6° 43' 28. The etymology of its name is reputed to be connected with an early settlement of Irish monks who predated the arrival of the Vikings. The last inhabitants had left Víkarbyrgi by 2003.
 Karolinki [karɔˈlinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Miejska Górka 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Rawicz and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Brwilno [ˈbrvilnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dzhinli (Armenian: Ջինլի also Cinli and Jinli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Islamorada a Village of Islands is an incorporated village in Monroe County Florida United States. It is located on the islands of Tea Table Key Lower Matecumbe Key Upper Matecumbe Key Windley Key and Plantation Key in the Florida Keys.The village was incorporated on November 4 1997. Prior to this date Islamorada was only considered to be on the island of Upper Matecumbe Key.As of the 2010 census the village had a total population of 6119.
 Uzunkaş (former Apsun) is a village in Yenişehir district which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin Turkey. The village which is at 36°52′N 34°27′E is 22 kilometres (14 mi) north west of Mersin city center. The village is situated in Toros Mountains. The population of the village is 363 as of 2011. The main agricultural products are citrus and other fruits.
 Khalifehlu (Persian: خليفه لو‎ also Romanized as Khalīfehlū; also known as Khalaflū) is a village in Tirchai Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 30 families.
 Kurowo [kuˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Wielkopolski within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Seh Chah (Persian: سه چاه‎ also Romanized as Seh Chāh; also known as Seh Chāh-e Baghal Sīāh) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 42 families.
 Qulanlu-ye Olya (Persian: قولانلوعليا‎ also Romanized as Qūlānlū-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qūlānlū-ye Bālā) is a village in Takmaran Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 61 families.
 Stróża [ˈstruʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rząśnia 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Pajęczno and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 380.
 Jiříkov German: Girsig is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. The cadastral territory covers an area of 35.28 km² and as of 2006 it had a population of 304.
 Chhota Basail is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Siddhapuram is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Atmakur mandal. There is a popular temple called as Sri Sita Ramanjaneya Swamy Temple in the village.
 Kolnica [kɔlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Brudzew 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Turek and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Tallar Sar-e Sharqi (Persian: طلارسرشرقي‎ also Romanized as Ţallār Sar-e Sharqī; also known as Tallār Sar-e Bālā) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 22 families.
 Chah-e Dasht Mohammad Khan 7 (Persian: چاه دشت محمدخان 7‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Dasht Moḩammad Khān 7) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Liski [ˈliski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Bonda-palli is a village and Mandal in the Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh India.It is located 3 km away from the town of Gajapathinagaram on the National Highway 43.
 Unichowo [uniˈxɔvɔ] (German: Wundichow; Kashubian: Ùnichòwò or Wùnszéwé) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Czarna Dąbrówka 18 km (11 mi) north of Bytów and 78 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 322.
 Pieńki Słubickie [ˈpjɛɲki swuˈbit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Żabia Wola 13 km (8 mi) south of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Jezernice (Višegrad) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Krukowo [kruˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Babiak 14 km (9 mi) north of Koło and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Gradski Vrhovci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Požega.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 57.
 Chomentowo [xɔmɛnˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Śniadowo 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Łomża and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Poksi is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Brdów [brduf] (German: Seestetten) is a big village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 18 km (11 mi) north of Koło 123 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań 76 km (48 mi) south of Toruń and 185 km (115 mi) west of the country capital Warsaw.
 Srocko Małe [ˈsrɔt͡skɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Łęka Mała [ˈwɛnka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniec within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Poniec 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Gostyń and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gaj [ɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Orbányosfa is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Bakhtiaran (Persian: بختياران‎ also Romanized as Bakhtīārān) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 62 families.
 Panambí is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Sar Tap (Persian: سر تاپ‎ also Romanized as Sar Tāp) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Olchowa Kładka [ɔlˈxɔva ˈkwatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Hajnówka and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ab Gorazi (Persian: اب گرازي‎ also Romanized as Āb Gorāzī) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Jostedal is a village and a former municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county in Norway. It is located in the northern part of the present-day municipality of Luster about 22 kilometres (14 mi) north of Gaupne. The village of Jostedal currently has around 410 inhabitants (2008).
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godzianów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Godzianów 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Skierniewice and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 246.
 Purzyce [puˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Lubowidz 13 km (8 mi) west of Żuromin and 129 km (80 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Gandalzar (Persian: گندل زار‎ also Romanized as Gandālzār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pir Ali (Persian: پير عالي‎ also Romanized as Pīr ‘Alī; also known as Emāmzādeh Pīr ‘Alī and Pīr ‘Al) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Bijar Anjil-e Kachal Bon (Persian: بيجارانجيل كچل بن‎ also Romanized as Bījār Ānjīl-e Kachal Bon) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 10 families.
 Arslanagića Most (Cyrillic: Арсланагића Мост) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Duraheh-ye Sofla Gelal (Persian: دوراهه سفلي گلال‎ also Romanized as Dūrāheh-ye Soflá Gelāl) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 13 families.
 Miłonice [miwɔˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) southwest of Krośniewice 15 km (9 mi) west of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) northwest of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stara Kraśnica [ˈstara kraɕˈnit͡sa] (German: Altschönau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Świerzawa 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Złotoryja and 80 kilometres (50 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sidheshwar Wadi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Ćovdin is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality Braničevo District in Serbia.
 Topli Do is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 53 people.
 Thagadooru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Nanjangud taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Lay-e Landar (Persian: لاي لندر‎ also Romanized as Lāy-e Landar; also known as ’asanābād Mazra‘eh Lāleh Andar and Mazra‘eh-ye Lāy-e Landar) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 5 families.
 Nietupa-Kolonia [ɲeˈtupa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Szklary [ˈʂklarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The only nickel ore mine in Poland was located here until 1984 when it was closed due to the depletion of the deposits. There was also a nickel foundry for processing mined ore.
 Łuskowo [wusˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Lüskow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Wolin 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Bani-ye Shib (Persian: باني شيب‎ also Romanized as Bānī-ye Shīb; also known as Bān-e Shīb) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 641 in 114 families.
 Wilków Pierwszy [ˈvilkuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Grójec and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 550.
 Asiab Sar (Persian: اسيابسر‎ also Romanized as Āsīāb Sar) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 500 in 145 families.
 Góry Suche [ˈɡurɨ ˈsuxɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przedbórz 38 km (24 mi) east of Radomsko and 92 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vellora is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Ball-e Dad Rahman (Persian: بل دادرحمان‎ also Romanized as Ball-e Dād Raḩmān and Bal-e Dād Raḩmān) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 21 families.
 Pa Emam (Persian: پاامام‎ also Romanized as Pā Emām) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Gashur-e Amidabad (Persian: گشوراميداباد‎ also Romanized as Gashūr-e Āmīdābād; also known as Gashūr-e Ommīd) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chak Chak (Persian: چك چك‎ – Drip-Drip also Romanized as Chek Chek; also known as Chāhak-e Ardakān and Pir-e Sabz (Persian: پیر سبز‎) The Green Pir) is a village in Rabatat Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.The village consists of a pir perched beneath a towering cliff face in the desert of central Iran. It is the most sacred of the mountain shrines of Zoroastrianism.
 Garh Mahal is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil.
 Słupeczka [swuˈpɛt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Hangarapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Laimjala is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Sherkat-e Yush (Persian: شركت يوش‎ also Romanized as Sherḵat-e Yūsh) is a village in Tankaman Rural District Tankaman District Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 6 families.
 Senjahopen or Senjehopen is a village in the municipality of Berg in Troms county Norway. Its population (2009) is 291. Senjahopen is located along the Mefjorden on the northwest part of the large island of Senja where it is one of the most important fishing villages on the island.
 Ålvundeidet is a village in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located at the western end of the Innerdalen valley on an isthmus between the Ålvundfjorden and Sunndalsfjorden.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Białobrzegi and 69 km (43 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Pallika Pärnu County is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Mal-e Kharg-e Shemali (Persian: مل خرك شمالي‎ also Romanized as Mal-e Kharg-e Shemālī; also known as Malakeh Mal-e Khar Mal-e Kharg Mal Kharg and Mol-e Kharg) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Drenovac is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 167 people.
 Shabli (Persian: شبلي‎ also Romanized as Shablī) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 69 families.
 Loisati is a village in Hsi Hseng Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located just to the north of Tongkaw off the National Highway 5.
 Iłówiec Wielki [iˈwuvjɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Brodnica 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Śrem and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Selitë Mali is a village in the municipality of Zall-Bastar in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Sangbar (Persian: سنگبر‎ also Romanized as Sangbor) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 44 families.
 Štitare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 535 people.
 Tolombeh-ye Ahmadabad (Persian: تلمبه احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Aḩmadābād; also known as Tolombeh-ye Aḩmadābād-e Ţalā’ī) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Ahmadluy-e Sofla (Persian: احمدلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadlūy-e Soflá; also known as Aḩmadlū-ye Pā’īn and Aḩmadlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 Darreh Khal Kambu (Persian: دره خل كمبو‎ also Romanized as Darreh Khal Kambū) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stary Olesiec [ˈstarɨ ɔˈlɛɕɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocz within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Tân Đức is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Liciszewy [lit͡ɕiˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 300.[citation needed]
 Bon Kuh-e Sofla (Persian: بنكوه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bon Kūh-e Soflá; also known as Bon Kūh Pā’īn and Ponkūh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 21 families.
 La Leonesa is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Isar Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bhatekhola is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2663 and had 472 houses in the village.
 Kolgrov is a village in Solund Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the western coast of the island of Ytre Sula and it is one of the largest population centres on the island. The village sits about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) directly southwest of the municipal centre of Hardbakke and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northwest of the village of Byrknes in Gulen (across the Sognesjøen).Husøy Church is located on the north side of Kolgrov.
 Jacowlany [jat͡sɔˈvlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Sidra 10 km (6 mi) north of Sokółka and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kerachi (Persian: كراچي‎ also Romanized as Kerāchī; also known as Kerāch and Kerāj) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 51 families.
 Tabrian (Persian: تبريان‎ also Romanized as Ţabrīān Tabarīan Tabarīyān and Tabryān; also known as Tabarīān-e Soflá) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 31 families.
 Quzluy-e Olya (Persian: قوزلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qowzlū-ye Bālā and Qozlū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 42 families.
 Pruska Łąka [ˈpruska ˈwɔŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 425.
 Hasheneh (Persian: حشنه‎ also Romanized as Ḩasheneh) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cevizler is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Sierpnica [ɕerpˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuszyca within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Głuszyca 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Wałbrzych and 68 kilometres (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 180.
 Dergah (Persian: درگه‎; also known as Darkeh and Derkah) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 13 families.
 Harich is a small village in Gaasterlân-Sleat in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 210 citizens (2004).
 Durak Rahman (Persian: دورك رحمان‎ also Romanized as Dūrak Raḩmān) is a village in Shalil Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 17 families.
 Pain Mazu (Persian: پايين مازو‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Māzū; also known as Pā’īn Bāzū) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Guneh Qarshu (Persian: گونه قارشو‎ also Romanized as Gūneh Qārshū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Rososz [ˈrɔsɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Chynów 23 km (14 mi) east of Grójec and 37 km (23 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 5000.
 Thượng Lan is a commune (xã) and village in Việt Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.Thượng Lan includes Cham Ha Thuong Son Ha Ha Ha Boi Ruong Nguon
 Kępsko [ˈkɛmpskɔ] (German Mühlenkamp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Bobolice 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 155 km (96 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Alai (Persian: آلائي‎ also Romanized as Ālā’ī) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Shelgaon Rajgure is a village in Risod Tehsil of Washim district in Maharashtra.
 Dal Khani (Persian: دال خاني‎ also Romanized as Dāl Khānī) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Abgarmu (Persian: مزرعه ابگرمو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ābgarmū; also known as Abgarmu) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kolonia Gałkowice [kɔˈlɔɲa ɡau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dwikozy 8 km (5 mi) north of Sandomierz and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Pěčín is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qezel Bolagh (Persian: قزل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qezel Bolāgh) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 15 families.
 Sarijalu (Persian: ساريجالو‎ also Romanized as Sārījālū) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 72 families.
 Kani Kharrat (Persian: كاني خراط‎ also Romanized as Kānī Kharrāţ) is a village in Buin Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 7 families.
 Boneh-ye Heydar (Persian: بنه حيدر‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Ḩeydar) is a village in Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District Aghili District Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 84 families.
 Chahkanan-e Pain (Persian: چاه كنان پايين‎ also Romanized as Chāhkanān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Panchobh is an ideal village of Darbhanga District in Bihar. Panchobh is one of the largest village in terms of area and in population as well of the whole Mithila Region . This village is very close to main town Laheriasarai. Brahmin(Maithil) dominates this villagehowever several other castes are also live in nearby villages. It is at least 8 kilometers west from Laheriasarai (administrative headquarters of Darbhanga district).
 Angerja is a village in Kohila Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia. It has a population of 65 (as of 1 October 2008) and an area of 12.59 km².A tower house was erected around 1400 as seat of a vassal of the Teutonic Knights.
 Wierzchomino [vjɛʂxɔˈminɔ] (formerly German Varchmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Będzino 15 km (9 mi) west of Koszalin and 124 km (77 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area of Farther Pomerania where the village is located was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Otaq Sara (Persian: اطاق سرا‎ also Romanized as Oţāq Sarā) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Reheselja is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Aqa Mahalleh-ye Bahambar (Persian: اقامحله بهمبر‎ also Romanized as Āqā Maḩalleh-ye Bahambar) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 50 families.
 Dąbrowno [dɔmˈbrɔvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegowa within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Niegowa 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Myszków and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Jamielne [jaˈmjɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stoczek Łukowski 33 km (21 mi) west of Łuków and 94 km (58 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Saimarang is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1851 persons living in 384 individual households. Saimarang owns a famous hill known as Lamtari which is in front of Pokhara Valley. Also there are several adventures such as caves rocky hills. Local people in Warchowk and Togi are working hard to make the Saimarang VDC a good place for Adventurous Tourism.
 Daddikamalapur is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Veneküla is a village in Rae Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 30 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Borkowo [bɔrˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Borkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Malechowo 17 km (11 mi) south of Sławno and 160 km (99 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 Shurak (Persian: شورك‎ also Romanized as Shūrak; also known as Shūrak Zangāneh and Zangāneh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 46 families.
 Thirumandangudi is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Veneoja is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Sorkheh Dezaj (Persian: سرخه دزج‎’ also known as Sūraza Sūreh Dozdeh Sūrehduzdeh and Sūrzeh) is a village in Arandan Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 131 families.
 Zir Khaki (Persian: زيرخاكي‎ also Romanized as Zīr Khāḵī) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 52 families.
 Vasiljevac is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 18 people.The Village has a prominent football team Shamrock Rovers who wear green and white hooped shirts
 Si Larestan-e Jowzar (Persian: سي لارستان جوزار‎ also Romanized as Sī Lārestān-e Jowzār; also known as Sī Lārestān) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 13 families.
 Bobrzany [bɔˈbʐanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małomice within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Małomice 12 km (7 mi) east of Żagań and 40 km (25 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Żoń [ʐɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Margonin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Margonin 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Chodzież and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mankha is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3984 and had 1418 houses in the village.
 Dąbie [ˈdɔmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Łuków and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 900.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Godlewo-Łuby [ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈwubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Thanbauk is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Maz (Persian: مز‎ also Romanized as Mez; also known as Marz and Moḩammadābād-e Maz) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District Mahmeleh District Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 873 in 179 families.
 Motkowice [mɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Imielno 14 km (9 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kolya (Persian: كليا‎ also Romanized as Kolyā; also known as Keyā and Kīā) is a village in Shohada Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 34 families.
 Mongkun is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located west of Tawngbohla.
 Radar Poshteh (Persian: رادارپشته‎ also Romanized as Rādār Poshteh; also known as Rādār Poshteh-ye Bālā) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 67 families.
 Dehliz-e Yek (Persian: دهليزيك‎ also Romanized as Dehlīz-e Yek) is a village in Jahad Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 23 families.
 Władysławów Bielawski [vwadɨˈswavuf bjɛˈlafski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Głowno 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hamlet is a village in Hayes County Nebraska United States. The population was 57 at the 2010 census.
 Kalab-e Vosta (Persian: كلاب وسطي‎ also Romanized as Kalāb-e Vosţá) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 18 families.
 Swojki [ˈsfɔi̯ki] (German Schwoiken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Uzun Tappeh-ye Olya (Persian: اوزن تپه عليا‎ also Romanized as Uzūn Tappeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Uzūn Tappeh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 49 families.
 Guidio-Sarre is a village and seat of the commune of Deboye in the Cercle of Youwarou in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali. The village lies on the northern shore of Lake Débo.
 Łaski [ˈwaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Jasło and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Hashcheh-ye Olya (Persian: هشچه عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩashcheh-ye ‘Olyā and Hashcheh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Haitcha Ḩashcheh Ḩashcheh-ye Bālā Hashcheh-ye Dovvom Hashjeh-ye ‘Olyā and Soveyreh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 39 families.
 Kierzek [ˈkʲɛʐɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Kadzidło 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 115 km (71 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Bemus Point is a village in Chautauqua County New York United States. The village is within the Town of Ellery and located along the eastern shore of Chautauqua Lake. The population was 364 at the 2010 census. Bemus Point is also home of the floating stage with many performers during the summer.
 Stongfjorden is a village in Askvoll Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located at the head of the Stongfjord about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of the village of Askvoll and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southwest of the village of Kvammen. The village is an industrial area that was home to the first aluminum mill in Scandinavia Stangfjorden Elektrokemiske Fabriker. The Stongfjorden Chapel is located in the village.
 Myśligoszcz [mɨˈɕliɡɔʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Debrzno 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Człuchów and 125 km (78 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 223.
 Ichangoor is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Jamakuh (Persian: جماكوه‎ also Romanized as Jamākūh) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 623 in 151 families.
 Dinan (Persian: دينان‎ also Romanized as Dīnān; also known as Darīnān and Dīnān Qahāb) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 87 families.
 Al-Jammasin al-Gharbi was a Palestinian Arab village in the Jaffa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on March 17 1948. It was located 6.5 km northeast of Jaffa.It had a population of 1080 in 1945. al-Jammasin's inhabitants were known to be descendants of nomads from the Jordan Valley.
 Daszew [ˈdaʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Khesht Masjed (Persian: خشت مسجد‎ also Romanized as Khashty-Mechet’) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2468 in 644 families.
 Detane is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 224 people.
 Fornes is a village in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the northeastern part of the large island of Hinnøya at the confluence of the Risøysundet Sortlandssundet and Gavlfjorden. The village is the home of Fornes Chapel.
 Veľká Paka (Hungarian: Nagypaka Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈnɒɟpɒkɒ] meaning ”Marketroad”) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Polatna is a village in the municipality of Žabari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 281 people.
 Cham-e Mir Beyg (Persian: چم ميربيگ‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Mīr Beyg and Cham-e Mīr Bak) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 35 families.
 Long Grove is an affluent village in Lake County Illinois United States approximately 35 miles (56 km) northwest of Chicago. As of the 2010 census the village had a population of 8043. The village has strict building ordinances to preserve its country atmosphere.[citation needed]
 Tasteghar (Persian: طاستغار‎ also Romanized as Ţāsteghār; also known as Ţās Taghār-e Soflá) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 29 families.
 Góra [ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łubnice 14 km (9 mi) south of Staszów and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 82.
 Tash-e Olya (Persian: تاش عليا‎ also Romanized as Tāsh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tāsh and Tāsh-e Bālā) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 40 families.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Stolno 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Chełmno 34 km (21 mi) north of Toruń and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Khalil Bar (Persian: خليل بار‎ also Romanized as Khalīl Bār) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sõgula is a village in Kiili Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Tauroszyszki [tau̯rɔˈʂɨʂki] (Lithuanian: Taurusiškė) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 El Khatt is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Stary Machnów [ˈstarɨ ˈmaxnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Jalilabad (Persian: جليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalīlābād; also known as Dzhalalabad and Jalālābād) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 81 families.
 Tangab-e Shush (Persian: تنگ اب شوش‎ also Romanized as Tangāb-e Shūsh; also known as Tangāb and Tangolāb) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 12 families.
 Popowo [pɔˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Będzino 12 km (7 mi) west of Koszalin and 127 km (79 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dahaneh-ye Akhlamad (Persian: دهنه اخلمد‎ also known as Akhlamad Akhtamand Dahanehé Akhlemad and Dahaneh-ye Akhlūmad) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 565 in 153 families.
 Senemoğlu is a village in Göle district of Ardahan Province Turkey. At 40°47′N 42°40′E it is situated 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Göle. The population of Senemoğlu is 1132 as of 2010 . The village is named after Senem who was born during the escape of her family soon after the Russians occupied the area around the settlement in the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878) But the area was returned to Turkey after the First World War.
 Agasthapura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tirumakudal Narsipur taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Qeshlaq-e Sabz Ali (Persian: قشلاق سبزعلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Sabz ‘Alī) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Skibniew-Podawce [ˈskibɲɛf pɔˈdaft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 87 km (54 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kayalar Borçka is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 85 people.
 Strzelce [ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Mniszków 24 km (15 mi) west of Opoczno and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hoseyn Kuh (Persian: حسين كوه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Kūh) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 631 in 158 families.
 Salasi Olya (Persian: سلسي عليا‎ also Romanized as Salasī ‘Olya; also known as S̄alās̄eh Salasī-e Bozorg and Salasī-ye Bozorg) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 65 families.
 Khowrah-e Sofla (Persian: خوره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khowrah-e Soflá; also known as Khāūra Khooreh Olya Khooreh Sofla and Khowrah) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 17 families.
 Katarzynowo [kataʐɨˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kővágótöttös is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Daggavolu is a rural village in Dakkili mandal in the Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh India. Daggavolu is equidistant from Gudur and Venkatagiri. The total population of the village is around 3000. The village is encircled by a river.The village has five lingams of Shiva: one located in each cardinal direction and one in the village centre. This is why in older times the village was called Panchalingala.
 Kasab (Persian: كاساب‎ also Romanized as Kāsāb) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Kocagöl' is a village in the District of Hocalar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gdów 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Wieliczka and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Cheshmeh Chenar-e Yasuj (Persian: چشمه چنارياسوج‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chenār-e Yāsūj; also known as Cheshmeh Chenār) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 22 families.
 Łany [ˈwanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Wojciechowice 12 km (7 mi) east of Opatów and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Siedlin [ˈɕedlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Płońsk and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Łęgowo [wɛnˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Pruszcz Gdański and 16 km (10 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2850.
 Herzeng (Persian: هرزنگ‎; also known as Herzen) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jahanabad-e Pain (Persian: جهان ابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Jahānābād) is a village in Fahraj Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 705 in 148 families.
 Wysocice [vɨsɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Gołcza 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Miechów and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 437.
 Hamun (Persian: هامون‎ also Romanized as Hāmūn) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Sławęcice [swavɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Szczecinek and 143 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Kushk (Persian: كوشك‎ also Romanized as Kūshk; also known as Kūshk-e Marv Dasht and Kushk Marvdasht) is a village in Kenareh Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3035 in 737 families.
 Knipy [ˈknipɨ] (German: Knipstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lidzbark Warmiński and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Mojirabad (Persian: مجيراباد‎ also Romanized as Mojīrābād) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 17 families.
 Gardlin [ˈɡardlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Khesmakh (Persian: خسمخ‎ also Romanized as Khasmakh; also known as Khesmah) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1142 in 285 families.
 Hajji Seyyed Ali Asghar (Persian: حاجي سيدعلي اصغر‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Seyyed ‘Alī Āşghar) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mieszewo [mjɛˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Meesow) is a German/Polish village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Węgorzyno 17 km (11 mi) west of Łobez and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area and village was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Cholewy-Kołomyja [xɔˈlɛvɨ kɔwɔˈmɨja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Klępino [klɛmˈpinɔ] (formerly German Klempin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Stargard Szczeciński and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 423.
 Kholagaun is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2774 people living in 488 individual households.
 Pieczonogi [pjɛt͡ʂɔˈnɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pałecznica within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pałecznica 6 km (4 mi) north of Proszowice and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sianowska Huta [ɕaˈnɔfska ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kartuzy and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 351.
 Niestkowo [ɲestˈkɔvɔ] (German: Nesekow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Ustka 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 112 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 163.
 Hajji Mahalleh (Persian: حاجي محله‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Maḩalleh) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 921 in 224 families.
 Bjørnevatn is a village in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village lies about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of the town of Kirkenes and about 3.8 kilometres (2.4 mi) west of the Norway-Russia border. The village has a couple of suburbs including Hesseng to the north and Sandnes to the west.
 Qaleh-ye Shater Bali (Persian: قلعه شاطربالي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Shāţer Bālī; also known as Qal‘eh Shātirbāle and Shāţer Bālī) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 800 in 203 families.
 Pookkottur is a village in Eranad taluk and a suburb of Malappuram Kerala India. It is on National Highway 213 and there is a state road from the town to Manjeri. It was the centre of the Malabar Rebellion of 1921 that shook the British administration in the erstwhile Malabar district of Madras Province.Mr. P.A. Salam is President of Pookkottur Grama Panchayath.
 Angosht (Persian: انگشت‎; also known as Angosht Now) is a village in Zeynabad Rural District Shal District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wąglikowice [vɔnɡlikɔˈvit͡sɛ] (Kashubian: Wąglëkòwice) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 456.
 Amir Beyg (Persian: اميربيگ‎ also Romanized as Amīr Beyg; also known as Amīr Beyg-e Soflá) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 17 families.
 Bhangara Nepal is a village development committee of the Parbat District of the Dhawalagiri Zone in central Nepal. It is located approximately 75 km from Pokhara City and 15 km from the district headquarters Kusma.
 Pınargözü is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 294 people.
 Glūkas is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 4 people.
 Ulanica [ulaˈɲit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dynów within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Dynów and 25 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Wola Piekarska [ˈvɔla pjɛˈkarska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Dobra 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Turek and 135 km (84 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Deli Barik-e Rudbal (Persian: دلي باريك رودبال‎ also Romanized as Delī Bārīk-e Rūdbāl; also known as Delī Bārīk) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 37 families.
 Kozarzew [kɔˈzaʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kazimierz Biskupi 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Konin and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Roztoka Wielka [rɔsˈtɔka ˈvʲɛlka] (Ukrainian: Розтока Велика Roztoka Velyka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Łabowa 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Nowy Sącz and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Froðba (Danish: Frodebø) is a village located farthest out on the north brink of Trongisvágsfjørður an inlet on the east coast of the island of Suðuroy in the Faroe Islands.The village has eventually merged with the harbour-city of Tvøroyri. Froðba is usually divided into smaller places such as Hamri Undir Skorum Støðlunum Torvheyggur and Bøur.
 Abriz (Persian: ابريز‎ also Romanized as Ābrīz) is a village in Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1324 in 278 families.
 Saknan (Persian: سکنان‎ also Romanized as Saknān; also known as Sagnān) is a village in Bajgan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 19 families.
 Trzebiszewo [tʂɛbiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skwierzyna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Skwierzyna 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Międzyrzecz and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 640.
 Takht Ab (Persian: تخت اب‎ also Romanized as Takht Āb) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 31 families.
 Wola-Folwark [ˈvɔla ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Duniewo [duˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Świerzno 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Świerże Górne [ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of Warsaw.Kozienice Power Station is located here.The village has a population of 1800.
 Kordeh Deh (Persian: كرده ده‎) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1410 in 336 families.
 Strazhnitsa (Bulgarian: Стражница) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It covers an area of 2.155 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 183 people.
 Chah-e Dasht Mohammad Khan 5 (Persian: چاه دشت محمدخان 5‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Dasht Moḩammad Khān 5) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lasek [ˈlasɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Nowy Targ and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1000.
 Uqchi Bozorg (Persian: اوقچي بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Ūqchī Bozorg) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 725 in 124 families.
 Khukanlu (Persian: خوكانلو‎ also Romanized as Khūḵānlū) is a village in Hesar Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jaanimõisa is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād and Ismā‘īlābād; also known as Esmā‘īlābād-e Korbāl) is a village in Sefidar Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 112 families.
 Manjur is a village in Bogalur block Paramakudi Taluk Ramanathapuram district Tamil Nadu. There is a District Institute of Teacher Education. The village has a veterinary hospital a primary health centre (PHC) and a library. The village is situated on NH 49 Madurai Mandapam Highway.This village is ver populor for Lord Shiva temple which is rcently renovated and the god in this temple is very powerful.
 Koshkuh (Persian: كشكوه‎ also Romanized as Koshkūh) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 28 families.
 Melvina is a village in Monroe County Wisconsin United States. The population was 87 at the 2010 census.
 Šeovci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Požega.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 107.
 Kračule (Serbian: Крачуле) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Ruin Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 48 families.
 Gleba [ˈɡlɛba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Kadzidło 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 112 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Wilkołaz Trzeci [vilˈkɔwas ˈtʂɛt͡ɕi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kraśnik and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 450.
 Baczki [ˈbat͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kałek [ˈkawɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsko within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Lubsko 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Żary and 39 km (24 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 60.
 Bumbarevo Brdo is a village situated in Knić municipality Šumadija District in Serbia.
 Rycerzewko [rɨt͡sɛˈʐɛfkɔ] (formerly German Neu Ritzerow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Świdwin and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 73.
 Chandika (also Bayalpata) is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2129 living in 446 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 2383 of which 45% was literate.
 Glinik Charzewski [ˈɡlʲiɲik xaˈʐɛfskʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Strzyżów and 18 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Beerangaddi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Chanaq (Persian: چناق‎ also Romanized as Chanāq; also known as Ḩānākh) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 22 families.
 Dhasapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Doolin (Irish: Dúlainn) is a coastal village in County Clare Ireland on the Atlantic coast. It borders the spa town of Lisdoonvarna. It is a noted centre of traditional Irish music which is played nightly in its pubs making it a popular tourist destination. There are numerous nearby archaeological sites many dating to the Iron Age and earlier. Doonagore Castle and Ballinalacken Castle are also in the area.
 Nushk (Persian: نوشك‎ also Romanized as Nūshk) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 13 families.
 Wilamowo [vilaˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytuły within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Shahid Tuba Ebrahimi Residences (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني شهيد توباابراهيمي‎ – Mojtame`-ye Maskūnī-ye Shahīd Tūbā Ebrāhīmī) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 55 families.
 Rozpłucie Drugie [rɔsˈpwut͡ɕɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Jodanukar (Persian: جدانوكر‎ also Romanized as Jodānūkar; also known as Jodānokar) is a village in Divshal Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 91 families.
 Brînzenii Noi is a commune in Teleneşti district Moldova. It is composed of two villages Brînzenii Noi and Brînzenii Vechi.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fabianki [faˈbjanki] is a village in Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Fabianki. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Włocławek and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 660.
 Pulikkal is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Najjar (Persian: نجار‎ also Romanized as Najjār) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 801 in 202 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Shāhrokhābād) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1099 in 284 families.
 Grivska is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 357 people.
 Gaupne is the administrative center of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 1.6-square-kilometre (400-acre) village has a population (2012) of 1138 giving the village a population density of 711 inhabitants per square kilometre (1840 /sq mi). The village is located along the Gaupnefjorden an arm of the Lustrafjorden about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the village of Hafslo.
 Tavakkolabad-e Do (Persian: توكل اباد2‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād-e Do; also known as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Assan (Rohtak) is a village in Rohtak District. It was founded by Master Ram Sawroop Hooda. District elementary education officer Rohtak has set up a High School in the village. It is 17 km away from the main district Rohtak. Temple of Dadi Badha is the centre of attraction in the village Mela (festival) is celebrated every year.There is two Government schools one is of girls and other is of boys.
 Rah Niz (Persian: راه نيز‎ also Romanized as Rāh Nīz; also known as Rānīz) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 11 families.
 Szynowo [ʂɨˈnɔvɔ] (German: Schönau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Barczewo and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Aydın is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Canwood is a community in central Saskatchewan. As of the Canada 2011 Census the town has a population of 308 with a larger rural municipality (No. 494) population of 1424.
 Shoqarij-e Sofla (Persian: شقاريج سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shoqārīj-e Soflá; also known as Marzūk Shagharich Sofla Shaghārīj-e Pā’īn Shoghārīj-e Pā’īn Shoghārīj-e Soflā and Shoghārīj-e Soflá) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 28 families.
 Komprachcice [kɔmpraxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (Silesian: Kůmprachćicy German: Comprachtschütz Gumpertsdorf) is a village in Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Komprachcice. It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 2900.
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnowiec within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Zawiercie and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Azgam (Persian: ازگم‎) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 384 in 128 families.
 Osiecznica [ɔɕet͡ʂˈnit͡sa] (German: Wehrau) is a village in Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Osiecznica.
 Bantwaram is a village and a mandal in Rangareddy district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Turmamidi is adjacent to Kunchvaran mandal Gulbarga district in Karnataka. A temple to Venkateshwara is the site of festivals every year. Cotton is grown extensively in Bantwaram.
 Manase is a village on the central north coast of Savai'i island in Samoa in the political district of Gagaifomauga.Situated by the sea with a white sandy beach Manase has become a popular tourist destination since the 1990s with low budget and locally owned beach fale accommodation.There is a petrol station with a shop at the east end of the village and another small store selling basic goods at Tanu Beach Fales.
 Karataş Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Pir Hajjati (Persian: پيرحاجتي‎ also Romanized as Pīr Ḩājjatī) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 33 families.
 Jaswantpura is a village in the Jalore District of Rajasthan India. It holds the headquarters of panchayat samiti (block) of the same name and is part of the Bhinmal sub division. It is declared to be made as tehsil in Rajasthan budget-2012-13. It is named after the ruler of Marwar (Jodhpur ) Maharaja Jaswant Singh. Prior to 1947 it was the headquarters of the pargana by the same name. The Navodaya vidyalaya of Jalore district Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Jaswantpura is located here .
 Lachówka [laˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Rostam Poshteh (Persian: رستم پشته‎) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Javorska Ravna Gora is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 139 people.
 Ak (Persian: اك‎ also Romanized as Ark and Āch) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 65 families.
 Khalifeh Chay (Persian: خليفه چاي‎ also Romanized as Khalīfeh Chāy) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District Firuz District Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 West-Vlieland (also known as Westeyende) (West Frisian: West-Flylân) was a village on the island of Vlieland in the province Friesland the Netherlands. It was gradually lost to the advancement of the sea up to 1736 when only two houses remained. The former site of the village is now 15 fathoms (27 m) below sea level. The village had its own town hall church school poorhouse and mill which was built in 1647.
 Narisham (Persian: نريشم‎ also Romanized as Narīsham) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aruküla is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Sukhipur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7622 people living in 1434 individual households.
 Zagościniec [zaɡɔɕˈt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1600.
 Rozkochów [rɔsˈkɔxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babice within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Babice 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 778.
 Sandasar is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan. It is located in the south of the district and lies to the west of the district capital Mansehra.
 Sulistrowa [sulisˈtrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorkówka within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Chorkówka 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Krosno and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Barkweda [barkˈfɛda] (German Bergfriede) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dywity and 12 km (7 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Baligród [baˈlʲiɡrut] (Ukrainian: Балигород Balyhorod) is a village in Lesko County in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland. It is also the seat of the municipality (gmina) called Gmina Baligród. Location: 49°21' N 22°17' E. From 1 January 1999 until 1 January 2002 it was located in Bieszczady County.
 Muncie is a village in Oakwood Township Vermilion County Illinois United States. It is part of the Danville Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 155 at the 2000 census.
 Budzów [ˈbud͡zuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gorzów Śląski 19 km (12 mi) north of Olesno and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Borqeban (Persian: برقبان‎ also Romanized as Borqebān Barqebān Borghebān and Borqbān; also known as Bargheyān Barghīān Barqabeh Boroghbeh Tabailak and Varqabeh) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1115 in 295 families.
 Robat-e Zangijeh (Persian: رباطزنگيجه‎ also Romanized as Robāţ-e Zangījeh; also known as Robāţ-e Zangī Chāh) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Maksar-e Vosta (Persian: مكسروسطي‎ also Romanized as Maksar-e Vostá; also known as Maksar-e Mīānī) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 20 families.
 For the town in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province see Abba Khel.Abbakhel is a village and union council of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
 Bhatauda is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3593 persons living in 553 individual households.
 Khorramabad Kahriz (Persian: خرم ابادكهريز‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād Kahrīz; also known as Kahrīz-e Khorramābād) is a village in Gilvan Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 557 in 130 families.
 Kureh Darreh (Persian: كوره دره‎ also Romanized as Kūreh Darreh; also known as Khūreh Darreh and Kūrdarreh) is a village in Kumasi Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 68 families.
 Metsaküla is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Kwasy [ˈkfasɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Zbuczyn 21 km (13 mi) east of Siedlce and 107 km (66 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Voorepalu is a village in Kõlleste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Kamyszów [kaˈmɨʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kazimierza Wielka and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Galleh Zar (Persian: گله زار‎ also Romanized as Galleh Zār) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hosh Arab or Hawsh Arab (Arabic: حوش عرب) is a Syrian village in the Al-Tall District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Hosh Arab had a population of 2073 in the 2004 census.
 Cuma is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
 Grzymały [ɡʐɨˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zambrów and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tadajewo [tadaˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Brodnica and 53 km (33 mi) east of Toruń.
 Riguldi is a village in Noarootsi Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.sv:Nuckö#Byar
 Zimolza [ʑiˈmɔlza] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Żuromin and 115 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kösüre is a village in the District of Yenipazar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 179 people.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 87 families.
 Kazkan (Persian: كازكان‎ also Romanized as Kāzkān and Gāzgān; also known as Kāzgūn and Qal‘eh Khājgau) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 10 families. It is an isolated village in the desert north of Manvand and Gomenj and west of Dezg-e Bala but has a small green area under cultivation to provide for the villagers.
 Band Bast-e Pain (Persian: بندبست پايين‎ also Romanized as Band Bast-e Pā’īn; also known as Band Bast) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 562 in 132 families.
 Lương Ninh is a commune (xã) and village in Quảng Ninh District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Wilkowice [vilkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Postomino 9 km (6 mi) north of Sławno and 180 km (112 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 211.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 80 families.
 Man Thet is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Aghelak (Persian: اغلك‎ also Romanized as Āghlak and Āgholak; also known as Āqā Lak and Āqlak) is a village in Qahan Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 36 families.
 Varazdeh-e Olya (Persian: ورازده عليا‎ also Romanized as Varāzdeh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Varāzdeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 72 families.
 Shimilu (Persian: شميلو‎ also Romanized as Shīmīlū; also known as Shīmīlī) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 17 families.
 Mäliküla is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 15 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Samchul (Persian: سمچول‎ also Romanized as Samchūl) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 79 families.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] (German: Neuhöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kwidzyn and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 327.
 Leśniewice [lɛɕɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Gostynin and 107 km (66 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Bator is a village in Kharian Tehsil Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located 29 kilometers in the North of Gujrat city. Bator is part of Union Council Bhaddar which is an administrative subdivision of the Tehsil Kharian.
 Javan Qaleh (Persian: جوان قلعه‎ also Romanized as Javān Qal‘eh and Javānqal‘eh; also known as Gown Maḥalleh) is a village in Dizajrud-e Sharqi Rural District Qaleh Chay District Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 622 in 133 families.
 Portage is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 438 at the 2010 census.
 Aghchehlu (Persian: اغچه لو‎ also Romanized as Āghchehlū) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 108 families.
 Band-e Saraji (Persian: بندسراجي‎ also Romanized as Band-e Sarājī Band-e Serājī Band-e Serrājī Band Sarajī and Band Sarrājī; also known as Serājī) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 34 families.
 Zakrzew-Kolonia [ˈzakʂɛf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Paşaköy Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Zukve (Serbian Cyrillic: Зукве) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. In 2002 the village had 262 inhabitants all of whom were Serbian.
 Shanastaq-e Sofla (Persian: شنستق سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shanastaq-e Soflá Shanastgh Sofla Shanstaq-e Soflá and Shanstaq Sufla; also known as Shanastaq-e Pā‘īn) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 464 in 117 families.
 Jałowo [jaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Rutka-Tartak 21 km (13 mi) north of Suwałki and 129 km (80 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 About this sound Støren is a former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The municipality is located in the north-central part of the present-day municipality of Midtre Gauldal. The municipal center of Støren was the village of Støren where Støren Church is located.Today the village of Støren is the administrative centre of the municipality of Midtre Gauldal.
 Golemo Selo is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1051 people.
 Darreh Darreh Rezaabad (Persian: دره دره رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Darreh Rez̤āābād; also known as Darreh Darreh) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Tongkaw is a village in Hsi Hseng Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located south of the township capital of Hsi Hseng by National Highway 5. Kong Pyek is located further south along the road in Kayah State. An atrocity was committed in the village on 2 August 1984 by the 101st light infantry regiment.
 Vendreshë e Vogël is a village in the municipality of Vendreshë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Gol Darreh-ye Olya (Persian: گلدره عليا‎ also Romanized as Gol Darreh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 12 families.
 Qelinjlu (Persian: قلينجلو‎ also Romanized as Qelīnjlū; also known as Qelenjlū and Qelīchlū) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 30 families.
 Bachchha is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2514 people living in 518 individual households.
 Wiśniewo [viɕˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kiernozia 19 km (12 mi) north of Łowicz and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bąków [ˈbɔnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Pysznica 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Stalowa Wola and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 190.
 Izbicko [izˈbit͡skɔ] (German: Stubendorf) is a village in Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Izbicko. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Strzelce Opolskie and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1100.
 Otwock Mały [ˈɔtfɔt͡sk ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczew within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Karczew 8 km (5 mi) south of Otwock and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Zarbisheh (Persian: زربيشه‎ also Romanized as Zarbīsheh; also known as Darbīsheh) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gasht-e Gurab (Persian: گشت گوراب‎ also Romanized as Gasht-e Gūrāb) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 104 families.
 Tännassilma is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Pazhavangadi is a village in the taluk of Ranni Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala India.
 Pszczeliny [pʂt͡ʂɛˈlʲinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Lutowiska 31 km (19 mi) south of Ustrzyki Dolne and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 153.
 Lubotyń-Kolonia [luˈbɔtɨɲ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Waliszewice [valiʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Goszczanów 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qus ol Din Bamadi (Persian: قوس الدين بامدي‎ also Romanized as Qūs ol Dīn Bāmadī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 20 families.
 Simoki (Persian: سيمكي‎ also Romanized as Sīmokī; also known as Sīmūkī) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Buk is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 224. The village is connected by the D38 state road.
 Mārupe is a village in and the centre of Mārupe municipality Latvia. It is the headquarters of Latvian Bandy Federation (Latvijas Bendija Federācija).[1][2]
 Wilkowyja [vilkɔˈvɨja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Buczek 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Łask and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nukabad (Persian: نوك اباد‎ also Romanized as Nūkābād; also known as Nūgābād) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tuzla is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Strižilo is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 479 people.
 Killukudy is a village in the Annavasal revenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Tarakab (Persian: تركاب‎ also Romanized as Taraḵāb) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Ratnal is a village near the town of Anjar in the Anjar taluka of Kutch district in the Indian state of Gujarat. It is located around 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from Anjar.
 Neeleeswaram is a small village in the Ernakulam district of the Kerala state of India. It is on the way to the famous St. Thomas pilgrim centre of Malayattoor.The Periyar River flows through the south of the village.Neeleeswaram is part of the Malayattoor-Neeleeswaram Panchayat. Near to the main junction of Neeleeswaram there is the Panchayath Office and Assumption Monastery Parish Church SNDP Branch and LP School.
 Sanjari is a village in Dondiluhara tehsil Durg district Chhattisgarh India.
 Mehman (Persian: مهمان‎ also Romanized as Mehmān) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 35 families.
 Michałowice [mixawɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kowiesy 24 km (15 mi) east of Skierniewice and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kanassaare is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Stępocin [stɛmˈpɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nekla within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nekla 12 km (7 mi) west of Września and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Subotica (Serbian Cyrillic: Суботица) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 289 in 2002. Former Serbian minister of internal affairs Vojan Lukić was born there.
 Haft Kusk (Persian: هفت کوسک‎ also Romanized as Haft Kūsk; also known as Hafkūshk and Haft Kūshk) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zhitnitsa Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Zamin Bon (Persian: زمين بن‎ also Romanized as Zamīn Bon) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 16 families.
 Pokharvindi is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3930.
 Lardeh (Persian: لرده‎) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 35 families.
 Lasów [ˈlasuf] (German: Lissa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieńsk within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Pieńsk 10 km (6 mi) north of Zgorzelec and 141 km (88 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław (German: Breslau).The village has a population of 528.
 Habibabad (Persian: حبيب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩabībābād) is a village in Solgi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 88 families.
 Tân is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Ngạn District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Tappeh Rash (Persian: تپه رش‎; also known as Kal-e Taktak and Taqtaq) is a village in Sarqaleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Kul Chap (Persian: كول چپ‎ also Romanized as Kūl Chap) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 14 families.
 Chrzanów-Kolonia [ˈxʂanuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ajor Band (Persian: اجربند‎ also Romanized as Ājor Band and Ajarband; also known as Adzharband and Ājorboneh) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 70 families.
 Sabnah (Arabic: سبنة) is a Syrian village in the Al-Tall District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Sabnah had a population of 94 in the 2004 census.
 Leland is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Leirfjord in Nordland county Norway. it is located on the northern shore of the Leirfjorden along Norwegian County Road 17. The town of Sandnessjøen is about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Leland. The village of Sundøy lies to the south and Bardalssjøen lies to the northeast. Leland features two small grocery stores a hairdresser a café a large sports-centre Leirfjord Church and a number of other amenities.
 Pir Hajat (Persian: پيرحاجات‎ also Romanized as Pīr Ḩājāt and Pir-i-Hajat; also known as Pīr Hāji and Pir Hajji) is a village in Pir Hajat Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 62 families.
 Rezduki (Persian: رزدوكي‎ also Romanized as Rezdūkī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 101 families.
 Yeylaq (Persian: ييلاق‎ also Romanized as Yeylāq) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 40 families.
 Hájek (Karlovy Vary District) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Padina is a village situated in Merošina municipality in Serbia.
 Aliabad-e Jahr (Persian: علي ابادجهر‎ also Romanized as ’Alīābād-e Jahr; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Jar) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 6 families.
 Rajpura is a village in Phillaur a city in the district Jalandhar of Indian state of Punjab.
 Frydman ([ˈfrɨdman] Slovak: Fridman Hungarian: Frigyesvágása) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapsze Niżne within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Łapsze Niżne 16 km (10 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1600.
 Smaszków [ˈsmaʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Błaszki 21 km (13 mi) west of Sieradz and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 260.
 Mazeleh (Persian: مازله‎ also Romanized as Māzeleh; also known as Bāzleh) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 11 families.
 Skała [ˈskawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Bejsce 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 120.
 Send-e Bala (Persian: سندبالا‎ also Romanized as Send-e Bālā) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 952 in 255 families.
 Bzów [bzuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rzeczyca Ziemiańska [ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa ʑɛˈmjaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Trzydnik Duży 8 km (5 mi) south of Kraśnik and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1000.
 Eikla is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Abadeh (Persian: اباده‎ also Romanized as Ābādeh) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 10 families.
 Khatwan is a village and one of the 51 Union Councils (administrative subdivisions) of Khushab District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is located at 31°45'44N 72° 3' 58E.
 Takht-e Sar Ab (Persian: تخت سراب‎ also Romanized as Takht-e Sar Āb) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 4 families.
 Sułkowo [suu̯ˈkɔvɔ] (German: Solkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lubraniec 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 59 km (37 mi) south of Toruń.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār) is a village in Masabi Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 63 families.
 Ya-da-villi village is located in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh. There is another village in West Godavari district in the same state.
 Pihla is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Tall Nader (Persian: تل نادر‎ also Romanized as Tall Nāder) is a village in Dasht-e Barm Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 Suchodaniec [suxɔˈdaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbicko within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Armish (Persian: ارمش‎ also Romanized as Ārmīsh; also known as Ārmash and Ārmesh) is a village in Jayezan Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 133 families.
 Agnam Lidoubé is a sahelian village in the north-east of Senegal located to the east of the village of Agnam-Goly. It had a population of 362 people according to the 2002 census.
 Arreh Kan (Persian: اره كن‎ also Romanized as Ārreh Kan) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Varchak (Persian: ورچك‎) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 54 families.
 Pirgeh Bar-e Simin (Persian: پيرگه برسيمين‎ also Romanized as Pīrgeh Bar-e Sīmīn; also known as Pīrgeh-ye Bareh Sīmīn) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 66 families.
 Jor (Persian: جر‎) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 64 families.
 Miljević is a village in the municipality of Golubac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 527 people.
 Ağıllar is a village in the central (Artvin) district Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 41 people.
 Zygmuntów [zɨɡˈmuntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Hutki [ˈxutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Store-Standal is a small village in the Hjørundfjord area of Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village has a population of approximately 20 people. Store-Standal is located along the Hjørundfjorden midway between the villages of Sæbø and Festøy. The village is located among the Sunnmørsalpene mountains about 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) east of the mountain Kolåstinden.
 Pierkunowo [pjɛrkuˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Giżycko and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 210.
 Bukowo [buˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Piekary [pjɛˈkarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Czaplinek 31 km (19 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Žabari is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 452 people.
 Kahrizeh (Persian: كهريزه‎ also Romanized as Kahrīzeh; also known as Kariza and Kārīzeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 36 families.
 Szreniawa [ʂrɛˈɲava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komorniki within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Komorniki and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 810. It is the site of an open-air agricultural museum the National Museum of Agriculture in Szreniawa which also administers five branch museums in the Poznań area.
 Kalateh-ye Mazar (Persian: كلاته مزار‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mazār) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 20 families.
 Ab Naz (Persian: ابناز‎ also Romanized as Āb Nāz) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Panayam is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Sarıfasıl is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 144 people.
 Trnjane (Serbian: Трњане) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1361 people.
 Mastamardi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Zaklopača is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Pobołowice-Kolonia [pɔbɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Andar Ab (Persian: اندراب‎ also Romanized as Andar Āb) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 337 in 77 families.
 Elqar (Persian: القار‎ also Romanized as Elqār Alghār Alqār Ilghār and Olqār) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 59 families.
 Zaren Kesh (Persian: زرنكش‎; also known as Zazen Kesh) is a village in Kandovan Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 69 families.
 Gołuń [ˈɡɔwuɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kościerzyna and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 62.
 Hrušanj (Cyrillic: Хрушањ) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kartlayt is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Beširevići is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Waksmund [ˈvaksmunt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2439.
 Mehdiabad-e Sardar (Persian: مهدي ابادسردار‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Sardār and Mehdi Abad Sardar) is a village in Qasemabad Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1170 in 291 families.
 For the village in Scotland see Dunino.Dunino [duˈninɔ] (German: Dohnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyce within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Legnica and 67 kilometres (42 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 120.
 Straża [ˈstraʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kamianki [kaˈmjanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Obrubce is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Bernów [ˈbɛrnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Gowarczów 13 km (8 mi) north of Końskie and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 160.
 Vaghemi (Persian: وغمي‎ also Romanized as Vaghemī) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 73 families.
 Mällikvere is a village in Põltsamaa Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Seyf Khanlu (Persian: سيف خانلو‎ also Romanized as Seyf Khānlū; also known as Şafī Khānlū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 23 families.
 Otlukbeli is a village in the District of Demirözü Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 58 people.
 Łubia [ˈwubja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Olszewo [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Mohammad Vali Beyk (Persian: محمدولي بيك‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Valī Beyk and Moḩammad Valī Beyg) is a village in Dorungar Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 33 families.
 Darreh Bandu Kuh Sorkh (Persian: دره بندو كوه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bandū Kūh Sorkh) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gaihragau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2667 living in 573 individual households.
 Åvinge is a village in Botkyrka Municipality Stockholm County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 55 people.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 44 families.
 Khalilan-e Olya (Persian: خليلان عليا‎ also Romanized as Khalīlān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khalīlān-e Bālā) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 94 families.
 Ślubów [ˈɕlubuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 466 in 95 families.
 Savidan (Persian: ساويدان‎ also Romanized as Sāvīdān; also known as Gūrū) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 55 families.
 Masha-ye Hojjatabad (Persian: مشاع حجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-e Ḩojjatābād; also known as Mashāʿ-ye Qāsem Pūr Rez̤āīī) is a village in Eresk Rural District Eresk District Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 19 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Bar Aftab Shirdani (Persian: تلمبه برافتاب شيرداني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bar Āftāb Shīrdānī) is a village in Hangam Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Behareh-ye Bid Shahi (Persian: بهاره بيدشاهي‎ also Romanized as Behāreh-ye Bīd Shāhī) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szlachcin [ˈʂlaxt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Środa Wielkopolska and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 410.
 Donji Mušić is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.
 Kumbadaje is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Jagłowice [jaɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuplice within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 110.
 Pööra is a village in Puurmani Parish Jõgeva County Estonia. It's located about 9 km (6 mi) north of Puurmani the administrative centre of the municipality 12 km (7 mi) southwest of town of Jõgeva and 17 km (11 mi) east of town of Põltsamaa.As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 96.Military commander Aleksander Tõnisson (1875–1941) was born in Pööra.
 Behnua-ye Bala (Persian: بهنوابالا‎ also Romanized as Behnūā-e Bālā) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 16 families.
 Nampasso is a village and seat of the commune of Korodougou in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.The village was visited by British actress Thandie Newton in 2008.
 Tahlu (Persian: تهلو‎ also Romanized as Tahlū) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District in the Central District of Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 843 in 201 families.
 Kožince is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 105 people.
 Karminek [karˈminɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Dobrzyca 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Pleszew and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 460.
 Mokrzyca Mała [mɔˈkʂɨt͡sa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wolin 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Sang Rizeh (Persian: سنگ ريزه‎ also Romanized as Sang Rīzeh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 35 families.
 Sarband (Persian: سربند‎) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 9 families.
 Krobielice [krɔbjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Klimontów 16 km (10 mi) west of Sandomierz and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 220.
 Maciszewice [mat͡ɕiʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Błaszki 22 km (14 mi) west of Sieradz and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Golugonda is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. This village is famous for availability of semi-precious stones. Special police squads have been formed to prevent illegal quarrying of semi-precious stones both here and in other mandals in the district.
 Pilewice [pilɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] (German: Borreck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Iława and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Boqeh-ye Do (Persian: بقعه دو‎ also Romanized as Boq‘eh-ye Do) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 24 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 40 families.
 Sathuragiri Hills or Chathuragiri otherwise known as ' SUNDARA MAHALINGAM ' is situated 10 km from Watrap (Wathirairuppu) near Srivilliputhur. The name Sathuragiri came from Chathur (4) Veda (Vedas) Giri (Hill) where all the four Vedas met and formed the hill. Another meaning is that the whole mountain is in square (Chathuram) in shape so the name Chathuragiri. Sathuragiri is the Abode of God. It is otherwise also called as Mahalingam Hill.This is also called as Siddargal boomi.
 Ryazkovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Anarak (Persian: انارك‎ also Romanized as Ānārak) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Vrane is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 775 people.
 Kobylin-Cieszymy [kɔˈbɨlin t͡ɕeˈʂɨmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dobiegniewo [dɔbjɛɡˈɲɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Włocławek and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Dominowo [dɔmiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dominowo. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Slatina is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Opole Lubelskie and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Znamirowice [znamʲirɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Łososina Dolna 14 km (9 mi) north of Nowy Sącz and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Chakan (Persian: چكن‎ also Romanized as Chākan) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Thanh Lâm is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Nam District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Eskibeyrehatun Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Karajukića Bunari is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 116 people. Bosniaks form the absolute majority.
 Haibongo is a village and rural commune of the Cercle of Diré in the Tombouctou Region of Mali.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj) is a village in Hotkan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Mansuri-ye Vosta (Persian: منصوري وسطي‎ also Romanized as Manşūrī-ye Vosţá; also known as Aḩshām-e Bakhshū’ī Manşīreya Manşīrīā and Manşūrī) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Tarnowiec [tarˈnɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Roszki-Ziemaki [ˈrɔʂki ʑeˈmaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Stwolno [ˈstfɔlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Rawicz and 91 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wisłok Górny is a village in the Sanok County in the East Małopolska in the Lesser Beskid mountains. It is now part of Wisłok Wielki. It is part of the parish of Nowotaniec.
 Shah Mansuri (Persian: شاه منصوري‎ also Romanized as Shāh Manṣūrī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Żwikiele [ʐviˈkʲɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Puńsk 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Sejny and 121 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Emamzadeh Hasan (Persian: امامزاده حسن‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Ḩasan and Emāmzādeh-ye Ḩasan; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩasan Kachūyeh) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khvajeh Kari (Persian: خواجه كري‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Karī) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 631 in 177 families.
 Rakovac is a village in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Hakpara is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3395 people living in 595 individual households.
 Nukabad (Persian: نوك اباد‎ also Romanized as Nūābād) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kumgaon Burti is a village in Nandura tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.This is a small railway station and is located between Nandura and Jalamb - Shegaon and is located on Bhusawal - Badnera section of Bhusawal division of Central Railway.
 Shablu (Persian: شبلو‎ also Romanized as Shablū; also known as Shablī) is a village in Hir Rural District in the Hir District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 617 in 130 families.
 Dartut (Persian: دارتوت‎ also Romanized as Dārtūt; also known as Dāreh Tūt and Dārtūt-e Gorāzān) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 538 in 138 families.
 Mount Morris is a village located in the Town of Mount Morris in Livingston County New York USA. The population was 2986 at the 2010 census. The village and town are named after Robert Morris.The Village of Mount Morris is at the northeastern entrance to Letchworth State Park which contains a scenic gorge and triple waterfall on the Genesee River. The village is in the northern part of the Town of Mt. Morris.
 Pannaipuram is a panchayat town in Theni district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located hill foot of Western Ghats and has very good literacy.[citation needed] Bommaiyaswamy (Shiva) Temple is located here. Most of the people in Pannaipuram are engaged in Cardamom cultivation in nearby Kerala hills.Taluk : Uthamapalayam District : Theni Constitution : Cumbum(From 2011) Earlier it was Bodinayakkanur.
 Korulu is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Meydan is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 251 people.
 Radoynovo is a village in Sredets Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Kurowice [kurɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Hahnenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) north of Jerzmanowa 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Głogów and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 279 people as of April 2011.
 Mantaqeh Azad Chabahar (Persian: منطقه آزاد چابهار‎ also Romanized as Manţaqeh Āzād Chābahār) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 11 families.
 Lamir-e Sofla (Persian: لميرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Lamīr-e Soflá; also known as Lamīr-e Pā’īn Lomar-e Bālā and Lomar-e Soflá) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2370 in 534 families.
 Borzyszewo [bɔʐɨˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Gryfice and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 90.
 Randan (Persian: رندان‎ also Romanized as Randān Rendān and Rindān) is a village in Sulqan Rural District Kan District Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 65 families.
 Turaghay (Persian: طوراغاي‎ also Romanized as Ţūrāghāy and Ţowrāghā'ī) is a village in Leylan-e Shomali Rural District Leylan District Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 636 in 160 families.
 Deh Kohneh-ye Rugar (Persian: ده كهنه روگر‎ also Romanized as Deh Kohneh-ye Rūgar; also known as Deh-e Kohneh and Deh Kohneh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1166 in 265 families.
 Colonia Baylina is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Łążynek [wɔ̃ˈʐɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Toruń and 28 km (17 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.
 Nikolovo is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Jagłowo [jaˈɡwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Sztabin 26 km (16 mi) south of Augustów and 58 km (36 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ulugulli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Somvarpet taluk of Kodagu district in Karnataka.
 Čedovo is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 108 people.
 Shizand (Persian: شيزند‎ also Romanized as Shīzand) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1076 in 293 families.
 Kadłub [ˈkadwup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wieluń and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Al-Nabi Rubin (Arabic: النبي روبين‎ transliteation: an-Nabî Rûbîn) was a Palestinian village in central Palestine located 14.5 kilometers (9.0 mi) west of Ramla just northeast of Yibna and 18 kilometers (11 mi) south of Jaffa. The village was situated on the southern banks of Wadi al-Sarar also known as Sorek Stream at an elevation of 25 meters (82 ft) below sea level. Nabi Rubin is named after a shrine in the village believed by Muslims to be the tomb of Reuben.
 Kani (Persian: كاني‎ also Romanized as Kānī) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hafthar (Persian: هفت هر‎ also Romanized as Haft Har; also known as Haftdar and Hūnū Marvar) is a village in Nadushan Rural District Khezrabad District Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 107 families.
 Dučevac is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 136 people.
 Namhka is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Iwanken) is a village in Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Janowo. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Nidzica and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 1000.
 Brestač (Serbian Cyrillic: Брестач) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pećinci municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1066 people (2002 census).
 Daniele [daˈɲɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Chapicuy is a village in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay.
 Krasków [ˈkraskuf] (German: Kratzkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.Krasków is the site of a Baroque palace built by the Bohemian von Zedlitz-Leipe noble family in 1746 allegedly according to plans by Joseph Emanuel Fischer von Erlach.
 Garavi (Persian: گراوي‎ also Romanized as Garāvī) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 8 families.
 Crnopod is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 Süleymanlar Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ab Garuiyeh (Persian: ابگروييه‎ also Romanized as Āb Garūīyeh) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Wojtachy [vɔjˈtaxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Korycin 27 km (17 mi) west of Sokółka and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Borowskie Żaki [bɔˈrɔfskʲɛ ˈʐaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Turośń Kościelna and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Varsak Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Cieplice [t͡ɕɛˈplit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Elbląg and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 170.
 Żelechów [ʐɛˈlɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 480.
 Jan Mirza (Persian: جان ميرزا‎ also Romanized as Jān Mīrzā) is a village in Majin Rural District Majin District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Podkozara Donja (Cyrillic: Подкозара Доња) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ravak (Persian: راوك‎ also Romanized as Rāvak; also known as Rāvaj) is a village in Vahdat Rural District Mugarmun District Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gózd Lipiński [ˈɡust liˈpiɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biszcza within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Biszcza 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 90 km (56 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 727.
 Krivaja is a village in the municipality of Šabac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 952 people.
 Piława [piˈwava] (German: Pilowbrück) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.
 Gapinin [ɡaˈpinin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Poświętne 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pakkam Kottur is a small village in Tamil Nadu a southern state of India. The nearest town of significant size which is Tiruvarur which is 16 km away Mayiladuthurai is 30 km and Nagapattinam is around 20 km away. There is an irregular bus service from Tiruvarur daily. The nearest railway station was 3 kilometres away in Visalur but the introduction of bus services put an end to the Visalur station in 1988. Now the nearest railway station is Nannilam.
 Dušče (Serbian: Душче) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lộc An is a commune (xã) and village in Đất Đỏ District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Günbatan Posof is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Kalateh-ye Ghuriha (Persian: كلاته غوريها‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ghūrīhā) is a village in Jamrud Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khanicheh (Persian: خانيچه‎ also Romanized as Khānīcheh) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Köprübaşı is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 333 people.
 Zablaće is a village in the municipality of Šabac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 674 people.
 Cheshmeh Sib-e Deli Khomsir (Persian: چشمه سيب دلي خمسير‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sīb-e Delī Khomsīr; also known as Cheshmeh Sīb) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 17 families.
 Patkuhi (Persian: پتكوهي‎ also Romanized as Patkūhī) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Czarnybród [t͡ʂarˈnɨbrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Chrośle [ˈxrɔɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 71 km (44 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 340.
 Hallaj Mahalleh (Persian: حلاج محله‎ also Romanized as Ḩallāj Maḩalleh) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 31 families.
 Dubica Górna [duˈbʲit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Wisznice 29 km (18 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Karthikappalli is a small village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Ramazan is a village in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Łachoń [ˈwaxɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dainava (Varėna) is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 95 people.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Masjed al Zahra (Persian: مسجدالزهرا‎ also Romanized as Masjed āl Zahrā) is a village in Eyvanki Rural District Eyvanki District Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chehel Gaz (Persian: چهل گز‎; also known as Chākīāl Chalgial and Chelgazī) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 37 families.
 Bielowice [bjɛlɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Opoczno and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Negotinac is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Kandar-e Mohammadi (Persian: كندرمحمدي‎ also Romanized as Kandar-e Moḩammadī) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 78 families.
 Uitdam is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Waterland and lies on the coast of the IJsselmeer about 12 km northeast of Amsterdam.The statistical area Uitdam has a population of around 160.
 Naqsheh-ye Hir (Persian: نقشه حير‎ also Romanized as Naqsheh-ye Ḩīr) is a village in Shalahi Rural District in the Central District of Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 82 families.
 Lasowice Wielkie [lasɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] / German: Groß Lassowitz (1936-45 officially Oberwalden) is a village in Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lasowice Wielkie. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Kluczbork and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 764. There is an old wooden church in Lasowice Wielkie from the 16th century.
 Marianowo [marjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wronki 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 224.
 Bijele Vode is a village in Croatia.
 Kahlebun (Persian: كهلبون‎ also Romanized as Kahlebūn) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 19 families.
 Kal-e Jamshid (Persian: كل جمشيد‎ also Romanized as Kal-e Jamshīd) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 15 families.
 Wydrzyn [ˈvɨdʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wieniawa 7 km (4 mi) east of Przysucha and 97 km (60 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Qashqa Bolagh (Persian: قاشقابلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qāshqā Bolāgh) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 12 families.
 Ladheke is a village situated in the outskirts of Lahore near Raiwind in Punjab Pakistan near the eastern border with India. Its name is based on a Sikh public figure of the area.
 Tappeh Lori (Persian: تپه لري‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Lorī) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 272 in 57 families.
 Samalpatti is a town in Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Láng Lớn is a commune (xã) and village in Châu Đức District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Borj-e Zeydanlu (Persian: برج زيدانلو‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Zeydānlū; also known as Borj and Zeydānlū) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 114 families.
 Lakeview is a village in Logan County Ohio United States. The population was 1072 at the 2010 census.A branch of the Logan County District Library serves the Lakeview community.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād and Nūsratābād; also known as Noşratābād-e Qārādāsh Noşratābād-e Qardāsh and Qārdāsh) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 17 families.
 Smolnica [smɔlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Lipka 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Złotów and 125 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 120.
 Upartowo [uparˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Międzychód and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Krowica Lasowa [krɔˈvʲit͡sa laˈsɔva] (Ukrainian: Коровиця Лісова Korovytsia Lisova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Lubaczów and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 220.
 Libuň is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kijewo [kiˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 330.
 Abbasabad-e Arab (Persian: عباس ابادعرب‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e ‘Arab) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District Atamalek District Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1725 in 421 families.
 Hasan Ali (Persian: حسنعلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan ʿAlī) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Mokhtar-e Yek (Persian: محمداباد مختار1‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Mokhtār-e Yek; also known as Moḩammadābād and Moḩammadābād-e Mokhtār) is a village in Azadegan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 21 families.
 Sar Tang (Persian: سرتنگ‎) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 26 families.
 Hurikaduwe Madige is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Szarajówka [ʂaraˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowa within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Łukowa 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 100 km (62 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 74.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād) is a village in Rabatat Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lubków [ˈlupkuf] (German: Lübenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as Alinabad and Lazgi Bulāq) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 56 families.
 Kunnumma is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Jamali (Persian: جمالي‎ also Romanized as Jamālī; also known as Jamādī) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Zlodol is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. At the time of the 2002 census the village had a population of 419 people.
 Zarak (Persian: زرك‎; also known as Zarak Rūstā) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 16 families.
 Vezvanaq (Persian: وزوانق‎ also Romanized as Vezvānaq and Vazvānaq; also known as Vazvangh) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 32 families.
 Huskići is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lulang is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1158 people living in 222 individual households.
 Kadarpiku is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.Painter Ants Laikmaa (1866–1942) lived in Kadarpiku village from 1932 to his death in 1942. Now the house is used as a museum dedicated to Laikmaa.
 Cham Quleh (Persian: چمقوله‎ also Romanized as Cham Qūleh) is a village in Shabab Rural District in Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 58 families.
 Tiến Hóa is a commune (xã) and village in Tuyên Hóa District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Gaj (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Parówki [paˈrufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Strzegowo 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Mława and 99 km (62 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kuślin [ˈkuɕlin] is a village in Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kuślin. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Nowy Tomyśl and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Szczechowo [ʂt͡ʂɛˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sierpc and 121 km (75 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Aşağınasırlı is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Klobuk (Cyrillic: Клобук) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina. The village lends its name to the local border crossing with Montenegro which lies on the main road between Trebinje and Montenegro's second largest city Nikšić. It was also the birthplce of the beylerbey of Bosnia Gazi Hasan-paša Predojević.
 Mieszków [ˈmjɛʂkuf] (formerly German Beinsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Trzebiel 18 km (11 mi) west of Żary and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kazimierzów [kaʑiˈmjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Drużbice 9 km (6 mi) north of Bełchatów and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Muszkowo [muʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Sulęcin and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 260.
 Jeżów [ˈjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Waśniów 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 Sahlabad (Persian: سهل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sahlābād; also known as Şāleḩābād and Sālihābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 237 in 67 families.
 Alpasinche is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Ladina is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway.
 Zawady-Kolonia [zaˈvadɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Niedźwice [ɲɛd͡ʑˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Koprzywnica 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 321.
 Kırksakallar is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 340 people.
 Ab Riz-e Haft Cheshmeh-ye Mahtab (Persian: اب ريزهفت چشمه مهتاب‎ also Romanized as Āb Rīz-e Haft Cheshmeh-ye Mahtāb; also known as Āb Rīz) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Guzar (Persian: گوذر‎ also Romanized as Gūẕar) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ćurkovica is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 13 people.
 The small hamlet of Therani is a village in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India - home to a 450 year old Vishnu temple.Located amidst the hills of Nagari - it offers spectacular views of the jagged peaks (the famous Nagari Nose) of the southernmost portions of the Eastern Ghats - here.
 Żelazna Rządowa [ʐɛˈlazna ʐɔnˈdɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Jednorożec 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Przasnysz and 113 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Upper Stewiacke is a small community located in Colchester County in central Nova Scotia. Upper Stewiacke can be reached by road via Route 289.Upper Stewiacke was founded in 1783 by Matthew Johnson son of James Johnson a Grantee of Truro Nova Scotia. Johnson's supplies had come from Truro some 20 miles away. In 1983 a special event and reenactment was held to mark the 200th Anniversary of the arrival of Matthew Johnson and his wife Ruth (née Fisher).
 Laxminiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6619 people living in 1142 individual households.
 Abbas Khan (Persian: عباس خان‎ also Romanized as ʿAbbās Khān; also known as Meleh Gāv) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 40 families.
 Molk Bogur (Persian: ملك بگور‎ also Romanized as Molk Bogūr) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 19 families.
 Gusheh-ye Shahzadeh Qasem (Persian: گوشه شاهزاده قاسم‎ also Romanized as Gūsheh-ye Shāhzādeh Qāsem and Gūsheh Shāhzādeh Qāsem; also known as Gūsheh) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1193 in 254 families.
 Pusta Dąbrówka [ˈpusta dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Zari (Persian: زاري‎ also Romanized as Zārī) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 61 families.
 Tang Dez-e Sofla (Persian: تنگ دزسفلي‎ also Romanized as Tang Dez-e Soflá) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Bairawa is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3081 people living in 590 individual households.
 Pilcaniyeu is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Zielenice [ʑɛlɛˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Grünhartau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Borów 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Strzelin and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Naqiabad (Persian: نقي اباد‎ also Romanized as Naqīābād; also known as Taqīābād) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 67 families.
 Czarnówczyn [t͡ʂarˈnuft͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 68.
 Holenderki [xɔlɛnˈdɛrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedecz within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Przedecz 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Koło and 140 km (87 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Melthonnakkal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Pansareh (Persian: پنساره‎ also Romanized as Pānsāreh) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 12 families.
 Stobierna [stɔˈbjɛrna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dębica and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 1500.
 Salucu is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Darabul (Persian: درابول‎ also Romanized as Darābūl) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Szczechy Wielkie [ˈʂt͡ʂɛxɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Zechen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Pisz and 88 km (55 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hamzeh-ye Olya (Persian: خمزه عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩamzeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Khamzeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 12 families.
 Sułów [ˈsuwuf] is a village in Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sułów. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) west of Zamość and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 460.
 Kulit-e Hoseynabad (Persian: كوليت حسين آباد‎ also Romanized as Kūlīt-e Ḩoseynābād; also known as Kūlīt) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 23 families.
 Memići (Kalesija) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Altınova is a village in the District of Evciler Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Sasiny [saˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Zambrów and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Y. Rama-varam is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Wełdkówko [vɛu̯tˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Tychowo 25 km (16 mi) east of Białogard and 133 km (83 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Gavrani (Persian: گاوراني‎ also Romanized as Gāvrānī; also known as Gārūnī Gārvānī Gaurawani and Gāv Ravānī) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 487 in 104 families.
 Ghovil (Persian: غويل‎ also Romanized as Ghovīl; also known as Qovīl-e Bālā) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Keben is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province at 36°26′N 33°44′E. Distance to Silifke is 18 kilometres (11 mi) and to Mersin is 105 kilometres (65 mi). It is situated to the north of Turkish state highway D.715 and Göksu River. The population of the village is 672. as of 2011. The village is famous for its main crop namely pomegranate . This product is now proposed to be officially registered as pomegranate of Keben (Turkish: Keben narı). Another important product is plum.
 Gürpınar is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 303 people.
 Sisneri Mahadevsthan is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2826 people living in 547 individual households.
 Patherheri (also known as Pathrari) is a village in Gurgaon district in the Indian state of Haryana. It is said that Patherheri was formed in the campaign of British Government. This village is situated 4 kilometres from Bilaspur from the NH-8 on Bilaspur-Tauru Road.
 Ulobići (Cyrillic: Улобићи) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vasknarva (Russian: Сыренец Syrenets; German: Nyslott Neuschloss) is a village in Alajõe Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located on the northern shore of Lake Peipus in the headwaters of Narva River. Vasknarva has a population of 59 (as of 2000) most of them are Old Believers.The village sprung up in 14th century just next to Vasknarva order castle (Neuschloss) on the northeastern border of Old Livonia. The first castle was founded in 1349.
 Wan Hsa-la is a village in Mong Ton Township in Mong Hsat District Shan State. It lies near the Salween River and is surrounded by forests connected by road across the hills to Mong Ton and Thailand in the east.
 Sigari (Persian: سيگري‎ also Romanized as Sīgarī; also known as Chāh-e Ţabīb Chāh-e Ţabībeh and Chāh Tabibeh) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 4 families.
 Alathur is a village in Tiruchirappalli taluk of Tiruchirappalli district Tamil Nadu.
 Piestrzec [ˈpjɛstʂɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Solec-Zdrój 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Khadag Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5971 people living in 1104 individual households.
 Wyromiejki [vɨrɔˈmjɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bharkhar is a village near Mohania in the state of Bihar India.It had a population of 1396 in May 2009.The nearest railway station is Bhabua Road (2;km). India's longest highway NH-7 passes through the village.
 Babai (Persian: بابائي‎ also Romanized as Bābā’ī) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 495 in 112 families.
 Deh-e Hajji Abdol Rahim Rakhshani (Persian: ده حاجي عبدالرحيم رخشاني‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩājjī ʿAbdol Raḩīm Rakhshānī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 26 families.
 Gesvan-e Yek (Persian: گسوان1‎ also Romanized as Geşvān-e Yek Gaswané Yek and Gesvān Yak; also known as Gīsovān-e Yek and Gīsvān-e Yek) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 13 families.
 Varkbar-e Olya (Persian: وركبارعليا‎ also Romanized as Varkbār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Varkbār and Warkbār) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 34 families.
 Abbasabad Molla Reza (Persian: عباس آباد ملارضا‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād Mollā Reẕā; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1074 in 217 families.
 Lower Mangshila is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260893.
 Teybi Shahi (Persian: تي بي شاهي‎ also Romanized as Ţeybī Shāhī and Tībī Shāhī) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 594 in 118 families.
 Kamień Mały [ˈkamjɛɲ ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Witnica and 34 km (21 mi) west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 364.
 Avaseh Amid Ali (Persian: اوسه اميدعلي‎ also Romanized as Āvaseh Āmīd ʿAlī) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 4 families.
 Krężoły [krɛ̃ˈʐɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ryczywół 18 km (11 mi) north of Oborniki and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kani Khanjar (Persian: كاني خنجر‎ also Romanized as Kānī Khanjar) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 33 families.
 Trần Phán is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Fazelabad-e Talkhab (Persian: فاضل ابادتلخاب‎ also Romanized as Fāz̤elābād-e Talkhāb) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 9 families.
 Pampa del Indio is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Sangal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Jamla (Arabic: جملة‎ also spelled Gamlah Jumlah or Jamleh) is a village in southwestern Syria administratively part of the Daraa Governorate and immediately east of the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. It is situated on the eastern slopes of the Wadi Ruqqad valley. Nearby localities include Abdin to the south the nahiyah (subdistrict) center of al-Shajara to the southwest Nafia to the east Ayn Zakar to the northeast and Saida to the north.
 Aliabad-e Salar (Persian: علي ابادسالار‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Sālār; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Khobriz Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 120 families.
 Navamalai is a small village in the panchayat town of Kottur-Malayandipattinam in Coimbatore District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It has one of the hydroelectric power houses of Tamil Nadu Electricity Board known as Aliyar Power House because it is one of the main hydro-electric power production bases built along the river Aliyar.
 Qezel Hajjilu (Persian: قزل حاجيلو‎ also Romanized as Qezel Ḩājjīlū) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 64 families.
 Pazarić is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chahar Muran (Persian: چهارموران‎ also Romanized as Chahār Mūrān; also known as Chahār Mārān) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 43 families.
 Santa Rosa de Conlara is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Bil Ḥadid (Arabic: بالحديد‎) is a village in the District of Jabal al Akhdar in north-eastern Libya. It's located 28 km west of Bayda.
 Papekop is a small village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Oudewater and lies about 3 km northwest of the city of Oudewater.The statistical district Papekop which covers the village centre has a population of around 130.Papekop was a separate municipality between 1818 and 1964 when it merged with Driebruggen. Between 1821 and 1989 when it became part of Oudewater the village was located in the province of South Holland.
 Shahrak-e Shahid Rezavani-ye Lakben (Persian: شهرك شهيدرضواني لك بن‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Rez̤avānī-ye Lakben) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 9 families.
 Makarom-e Bala (Persian: مكارم بالا‎ also Romanized as Maḵārom-e Bālā; also known as Maḵārom) is a village in Mahyar Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 11 families.
 Sokoły [sɔˈkɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Badamzar (Persian: بادام زار‎ also Romanized as Bādāmzār; also known as Bāmazar and Bāmzār) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 19 families.
 Al Ḩāffah or simply Ḩāfa is a coastal village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.It lies just south of Salalah.
 Wąglik-Kolonia [ˈvɔnɡlik kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mrgan (Serbian: Мрган) is a village in the municipality of Banovići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rzuszcze [ˈʐuʂt͡ʂɛ] (German: Ruschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Główczyce 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 308.
 Siraha Ramaul is a municipality in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. It is surrounded by Makhanaha from east side Basbita from north side Manpur from west side and Marar from south side. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5000 people living in 400 individual households. Before it was under the Village development committee of Siraha Nepal in 1991 Nepal census. Now it lies under the Siraha Municipality-34and 5.
 Buczkowo [but͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Karimabad-e Deh Barzuiyeh (Persian: كريم ابادده برزوئيه‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Deh Barzū’īyeh) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Korpysy [kɔrˈpɨsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 123 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.From 1815 – 1918 Korpysy had a German name Ottosberg.
 Ard Kola (Persian: اردكلا‎ also Romanized as Ārd Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 819 in 201 families.
 Shabankareh (Persian: شبان كاره‎ also Romanized as Shabānkāreh) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District Shahu District Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 81 families.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sterdyń 20 km (12 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Nakhl-e Ebrahimi (Persian: نخل ابراهيمي‎ also Romanized as Nakhl-e Ebrāhīmī and Nakhl Ebrāhīmī; also known as Nakhl Ebrāhīm and Nakhl-e-Ebrāhīm) is a village in Tiab Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1883 in 378 families.
 Karimabad Nurali (Persian: کريم آباد نورعلي‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād Nūrʿalī; also known as Karīmābād) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Derakht-e Bid-e Sofla (Persian: درخت بيدسفلي‎ also Romanized as Derakht-e Bīd-e Soflá; also known as Derakht-e Bīd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Golbibi Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 19 families.
 Damek is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5824 and had 1072 houses in the town.Damek is largest V. D. C. in Baglung District. It is situated in a hilly area.
 Lipovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 345 people.
 Tabayama (丹波山村 Tabayama-mura ) is a village located in Kitatsuru District Yamanashi Prefecture Japan. As of July 2012 the village has an estimated population of 637 and a population density of 6.27 persons per km². The total area was 101.55 km².
 Radzimowice [rad͡ʑimɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Mława and 95 km (59 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Cham Qoroq (Persian: چم قرق‎ also Romanized as Cham Ghoraq; also known as Cham Foroq) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 72 families.
 Jehizdan (Persian: جهيزدان‎ also Romanized as Jehīzdān; also known as Jehezdān) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 634 in 149 families.
 Palizi Dargiaban (Persian: پالیزی درگیابان ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 12 families.
 Mystków [ˈmɨstkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kamionka Wielka 8 km (5 mi) east of Nowy Sącz and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1600.
 Moszczenica-Osiedle [mɔʂt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Eslamabad-e Garnechin (Persian: اسلام ابادگرنچين‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Garnechīn; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 741 in 158 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Seyyedlar Dadalu Hoseyn Ali (Persian: قشلاق سيدلردادلوحسينعلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Seyyedlar Dādalū Ḩoseyn ʿAlī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Wiry [ˈvirɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Marcinowice 16 km (10 mi) east of Świdnica and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sazlıçayır is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Bhuk Deurali is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.
 Czarnominek [t͡ʂarnɔˈminɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mazraeh Parestu (Persian: مزرعه پرستو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh Parestū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Prusków [ˈpruskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zębowice within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zębowice 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Olesno and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Olszowa [ɔlˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Jastrzębia 18 km (11 mi) north of Radom and 76 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Przedwabie [pʂɛdˈvabjɛ] is the part of Szymanowice village Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 40. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sobienie-Jeziory 28 km (17 mi) south of Otwock and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Lokuta is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Juha is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Dash Bolagh-e Olya (Persian: داشبلاغ عليا‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dāsh Bolāghī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 11 families.
 Rutka [ˈrutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Tokhmaqlu (Persian: تخماقلو‎ also Romanized as Tokhmāqlū; also known as Tokhmāghlū and Tukhm Āqlu) is a village in Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 533 in 129 families.
 Birlik (Kazakh: Бiрлiк) is a village (selo) in Talgar District of the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Mazury [maˈzurɨ] (German Masuhren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of Olecko and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Marynki [maˈrɨŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Góra Świętej Małgorzaty 6 km (4 mi) east of Łęczyca and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mulavana is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Edgerton is a village in central Alberta Canada. it is located 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Wainwright.
 Judyty [juˈdɨtɨ] (German: Juditten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sępopol 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Bartoszyce and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Nowy Franciszków [ˈnɔvɨ franˈt͡ɕiʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Bedlno 20 km (12 mi) east of Kutno and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Owego is a village in and the county seat of Tioga County New York USA. The population was 3896 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Agh Gol (Persian: اغگل‎ also Romanized as Āgh Gol) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1034 in 182 families.
 Hoseyn Sadani (Persian: حسين سادني‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Sādanī) is a village in Baghak Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 37 families.
 Tapeswaram is a village near Rajahmundry city in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh.The temple of Lord Shiva in Tapeswaram has a great importance like Lord Vishwanath Temple in Kashi (Varanasi). It is well known for a sweet delicacy called Tapeswaram Kaja. Recently Tapeswaram sweets got a Guinness world records.[citation needed] A 7200 kg ladoo was offered to Rajahmundry Ganesh in 2013.
 Kituryki [kituˈrɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Šumarak (Serbian Cyrillic: Шумарак Hungarian: Emánueltelep) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Kovin municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province.
 Daniłowo Małe [daniˈwɔvɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Łapy and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nandiambakkam is a village near Minjur Tiruvallur district Tamil Nadu India. It has a population of around 5000 people. The neighbourhood is served by Nandiambakkam railway station of the Chennai Suburban Railway Network.
 Maltepe is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Jemielnica [jɛmjɛlˈnit͡sa] (German: Himmelwitz) is a village in Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jemielnica. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Strzelce Opolskie and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 3500.
 Sheykhabad (Persian: شيخ اباد‎ also Romanized as Sheykhābād Shaikhābād and Sheikh Abad) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 13 families.
 Kruszyna [kruˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wielgomłyny 25 km (16 mi) east of Radomsko and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Brzeziniec [bʐɛˈʑiɲɛt͡s] (German: Birkicht) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mirsk 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 116 kilometres (72 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wielki Las [ˈvjɛlki ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Pisz and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rupkhanpet is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Parigi mandal.
 Sharove is a village in the municipality of Qendër in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Bioska (Serbian Cyrillic: Биоска) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia on the mountainous banks of Đetinja river between Zlatibor and Tara mountains and close to Mokra Gora-Drvengrad a.k.a. Küstendorf or Mećavnik (Мећавник) and Uzice-Ponikve airport. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 554. The Monastery of Rujno is situated nearby.
 Brodów [ˈbrɔduf] (German: Brodelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Lubin and 68 kilometres (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Korahane is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Amirabad-e Shorka (Persian: اميرابادشركا‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Shorkā; also known as Amīrābād and Chāh Najjār) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Choqa Kalbali (Persian: چقاكلب علي‎ also Romanized as Choqā Kalb‘alī and Chaqā Kalbe‘alī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 70 families.
 Darreh Shur-e Mehdi (Persian: دره شورمهدي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shūr-e Mehdī) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 39 families.
 Ostay-ye Olya (Persian: استاي عليا‎ also Romanized as Ostāy-ye ‘Olyā; also known as 'Ostā-ye Bālā Ostāy Qal‘eh Istui Qal‘eh-ye Isūn and Qal‘eh-ye Ostā’ī) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 38 families.
 Wolica Piaskowa [vɔˈlit͡sa pjasˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów Małopolski within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Sędziszów Małopolski 6 km (4 mi) east of Ropczyce and 22 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3100.
 Ali Beyglu (Persian: علي بيگلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Beyglū) is a village in Kandovan Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Hajjali (Persian: خاجالي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjālī) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 9 families.
 Kallani (Persian: کلاني‎ also Romanized as Kallānī and Kolānī) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1482 in 258 families.
 Esas (Persian: اساس‎ also Romanized as Esās) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 71 families.
 Darreh Banehha (Persian: دره بنه ها‎ also Romanized as Darreh Banehhā) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 35 families.
 Tyszki-Ciągaczki [ˈtɨʂki t͡ɕɔŋˈɡat͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Czerwin 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Sześciwłóki [ʂɛɕt͡ɕiˈvwuki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Arges-e Sofla (Persian: ارگس سفلي‎ also Romanized as Arges-e Soflá and Argas Sofla; also known as Areks Areks-e Soflá Erkes-e Pā’īn and Erkes-e Soflá) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 31 families.
 Chat Qayah (Persian: چات قيه‎ also Romanized as Chāt Qayah) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 43 families.
 Krzyżyk Iłowski [ˈkʂɨʐɨk iˈwɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Złotów and 118 km (73 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 60.
 Rashid (Persian: راشد‎ also Romanized as Rāshid; also known as Rāshedī) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 32 families.
 Nadrybie-Wieś [naˈdrɨbjɛ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Rez Gah (Persian: رزگه‎; also known as Zargah) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 27 families.
 Mięsośnia [mjɛ̃ˈsɔɕɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Głowno 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Baba Heyran (Persian: باباحيران‎ also Romanized as Bābā Ḩeyrān; also known as Bābā Jeyrān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Bağlıca is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Cheshmeh Qot (Persian: چشمه قط‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Qoţ) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 30 families.
 Hajjiabad-e Olya (Persian: حاجي ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩājjīābād-e Seh) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tiszaroff is a village in Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County in the Northern Great Plain Region of Hungary.
 Stryje Paskowe [ˈstrɨjɛ pasˈkɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Łask and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dongqiao (Chinese: 东巧) is a village in Amdo County of Nagqu Prefecture Tibet Autonomous Region People's Republic of China. The village of Dongqiao is noted for its hot spring Jipu. Dongqiao geologically gives its name to the wider Dongqiao-Nagqu Subregion and the Banggong-Dongqiao-Nujiang fault zone.
 Mashkul (Persian: مشكول‎ also Romanized as Mashkūl; also known as Abvar Mashgūl Mashkyu and Mashkyul’) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District Firuz District Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 36 families.
 Jealousy is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 26 families.
 Darreh Shah Nazar (Persian: دره شاه نظر‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shāh Naz̧ar and Darreh-ye Shāh Naz̧ar) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Słaboludź [swaˈbɔlut͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kleczew 19 km (12 mi) northwest of Konin and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sarbast (Persian: سربست‎) is a village in Zirrah Rural District Sadabad District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 675 in 132 families.The major crops are dates wheat and barley. The area has hot summers sometimes with high humidity and mild and pleasant winters.
 Qeshlaq-e Qarqoli Rahim Talbi (Persian: قشلاق قارقلي رحيم طالبي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qārqolī Raḥīm Ţālbī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Tenahawa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3204 people living in 477 individual households.
 Jir Mahalleh-ye Kasma (Persian: جيرمحله كسما‎ also Romanized as Jīr Maḩalleh-ye Kasmā and Jīr Maḩalleh-ye Kasmā’; also known as Jīr Maḩalleh) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 128 families.
 Korak is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4320 people living in 752 individual households.
 Neilburg is small village located in mid-west Saskatchewan. The local population is approximately 500 people. A grade K–12 school is located in the town that services the Neilburg area as well as grade 7–12 students from Marsden. In 1999 crop circles were discovered in a field near the town.Neilburg was named after an early settler Clifford O’Neil. The first post office was in his home and was located about one mile southeast of where the village is today.
 Karakuyu is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Lusti is a village in Antsla Parish Võru County in southeastern Estonia.
 Kobyły [kɔˈbɨwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Stary Drożęcin [ˈstarɨ drɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Rygałówka [rɨɡaˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lipsk 41 km (25 mi) east of Augustów and 73 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Silab (Persian: سيلاب‎ also Romanized as Sīlāb) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3652 in 794 families.
 Kędrzyno [kɛnˈdʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Siemyśl 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Kołobrzeg and 93 km (58 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Tusowdasht (Persian: توساودشت‎ also Romanized as Tūsowdasht) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 15 families.
 Chamarru is a village on the bank of Krishna River which borders the Guntur district. The section of river near the village has Krishna district villages on the other side. Chamarru has seen a decrease in population since 1990 with some families building houses nearer to the Atchampet an area known as New Chamarru. The village has a temple for Lord Ganesh as well as a primary school. There are few famous people from Chamarru including Sri. Aggaraju Bhramaraiah Garu and Sri.
 Huntley is a village in Harlan County Nebraska United States. The population was 44 at the 2010 census.
 Lubinowo [lubiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Lipsk 36 km (22 mi) east of Augustów and 82 km (51 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Szentliszló is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Los Cajones is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Ościsłowo [ɔɕt͡ɕiˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Glinojeck 13 km (8 mi) west of Ciechanów and 79 km (49 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Qaleh Razeh (Persian: قلعه رزه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Razeh Qal‘eh-i-Riza Qal‘eh Razah Qal‘eh Riza and Qal‘eh-ye Razeh; also known as Razeh) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 112 families.
 Galleh Chendar (Persian: گله چندار‎ also Romanized as Galleh Chendār) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 14 families.
 Teresin [tɛˈrɛɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Dmosin 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Brzeziny and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Marysieńka [marɨˈɕeɲka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Czerniczyn [t͡ʂɛrˈɲit͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 797.
 Qalat (Persian: قلات‎ also Romanized as Qalāt and Qelāt) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 71 families.This village is located 34 km from Shiraz.There is a church called the Glory of Christ in the village. This building has survived from the Qajar period and is surrounded by charming gardens. Major General Abbas Doran the Iran Air Force hero is from Qalāt
 Stari Trg pri Ložu (Slovene: Stari trg pri Ložu) is a settlement and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint George and belongs to the Ljubljana Archdiocese. The parish was created in the second half of the 12th century and the church was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1221. The original church was rebuilt and expanded on a number of occasions.
 Lipiny [liˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Złoczew 18 km (11 mi) south of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dofari (Persian: دفاري‎ also Romanized as Dofārī; also known as Dafūrī De Fowrī Deh Fārī and Dowfūrī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 35 families.
 Pórszombat is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Alagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Lynxville is a village in Crawford County Wisconsin United States. The population was 132 at the 2010 census.
 Darenan (Persian: دارنان‎ also Romanized as Dārenān; also known as Dārenā) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 13 families.
 Khirbat al-Duhayriyya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on July 10 1948 by the Givati Brigade under the first phase of Operation Dani. It was located 6 km northeast of Ramla.In 1945 the village had a population of 100.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łuków and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 952.
 Upale [uˈpalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Daszyna 6 km (4 mi) north of Łęczyca and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mowtowr-e Morad Naruyi (Persian: موتور مراد نارويي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Morād Nārūyī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Sakhteman-e Kamar (Persian: ساختمان كمر‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān-e Kamar) is a village in Khesht Rural District Khesht District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Budiměřice is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mazraeh-ye Bidu (Persian: مزرعه بيدو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bīdū) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Thebokkya is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Idahlu-ye Khalifeh (Persian: ايده لوي خليفه‎ also Romanized as Īdahlū-ye Khalīfeh) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 26 families.
 Miwaladeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bisheh (Persian: بيشه‎ also Romanized as Bīsheh; also known as Bījār and Bījīr) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 6 families.
 Deh Now-e Sadat-e Bala (Persian: دهنوسادات بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Sādāt-e Bālā; also known as Dehnow-e Sādāt-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 85 families.
 Julianów [juˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gan Gan is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Ağaçlı is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Tiki Island is a village in Galveston County Texas United States. The population was 968 at the 2010 census.
 Tyrawa Solna [tɨˈrava ˈsɔlna] (Ukrainian: Тирява Сільна Tyriava Sil’na) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Sanok and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 350.
 Pooviyoor is a hamlet near Swamithope in the Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu India.
 Piaskowice [pjaskɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Parzęczew 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 100.
 Podhucie [pɔtˈxut͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kuntawng is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located to the east of Homalin
 Aydınlar is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 497 people.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīdābād; also known as Seyyedābād) is a village in Darzab Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 97 families.
 Amidabad-e Olya (Persian: عميدابادعليا‎ also Romanized as ʿAmīdābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Owghan (Persian: اوغان‎ also Romanized as Owghān; also known as Owqān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1600 in 360 families.
 Petronelów [pɛtrɔˈnɛluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Buczek 12 km (7 mi) south of Łask and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Paden is a village in Tishomingo County Mississippi United States. The population was 106 at the 2000 census.
 Kemer is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Pokinianka [pɔkʲiˈɲaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Riverstick (Irish: Abhainn Stíc) is a village in Ireland lying south of Cork halfway between Cork and Kinsale on the Cork to Kinsale road. The village is named literally after the River Stick which flows through the village. The village has a growing population; several large housing developments have been built in the area in recent years.During the course of the 20th Century Riverstick supplanted nearby Ballymartle as the major village and population centre in the area.
 Haklang is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3251 people living in 563 individual households.
 Qarah Qashlu (Persian: قره قاشلو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qāshlū; also known as Kalash-e Kūchek) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Białykał ([bjaˈwɨkau̯]; formerly: Biały Kał; translation: Whitefeces) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Rawicz and 95 km (59 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 150.
 Chah Dul (Persian: چاه دول‎ also Romanized as Chāh Dūl and Chah Dool) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 404 in 76 families.
 Revesht (Persian: روشت‎ also Romanized as Ravesht) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 33 families.
 Shurabeh (Persian: شورابه‎ also Romanized as Shūrābeh and Shūr Ābeh) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gostyń Łobeski [ˈɡɔstɨɲ wɔˈbɛski] (German: Justin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Płoty 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Gryfice and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jamki [ˈjamki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Przysucha and 89 km (55 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 40.
 Trzebiesza [tʂɛˈbjɛʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zhalan Rashid (Persian: ژالان رشيد‎ also Romanized as Zhālān Rashīd) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 18 families.
 Emamzadeh-ye Seyyed Piran (Persian: امامزاده سيدپيران‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh-ye Seyyed Pīrān) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Liszkowo [liʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Lab Eshkan (Persian: لب اشكن‎ also Romanized as Labshekan) is a village in Fadagh Rural District in the Central District of Gerash County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 98 families.
 Dudki [ˈdutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Trojanów 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Oti Kandi (آتی‌کندی also Romanized as Otī Kandī; also known as Owtū Kandī) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1047 in 207 families.Aşıq Hoseyn Javan born in Oti Kandi is the legendary Ashik who was exiled to Soviet Union for composing revolutionary songs during the brief reign of Azerbaijan People's Government following the World War II.
 Uniegoszcz [uˈɲeɡɔʂt͡ʂ] (German: Alt Bertelsdorf 1936-45: Bertelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubań within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Nowosiółki [nɔvɔˈɕuu̯kʲi] (Ukrainian: Новосілки Novosilky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Baligród 9 km (6 mi) south of Lesko and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 350.
 Agaram Agraharam is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Daijee is a village development committee in Kanchanpur District in the Mahakali Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6597 people living in 2088 individual households.
 Qadian (Persian: قاديان‎ also Romanized as Qādīān) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 58 families.
 Karaf Kol (Persian: كرف كل‎'; also known as Korfgol-e Chushal) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Tukuche  sometimes spelt Tukche is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 652 people living in 166 individual households.The village is located in the Kali Gandaki Gorge. It is a centre of the Thakali people.
 Matena is a small village in the Dutch province of South Holland. The village partially lies in the municipality of Papendrecht. Matena lies east of Papendrecht
 Grabnica [ɡrabˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzany within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dobrzany 31 km (19 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sari Kuchakeh (Persian: ساري كوچكه‎ also Romanized as Sārī Kūchakeh; also known as Sārī and Sārān) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 31 families.
 Virani (Persian: ويراني‎ also Romanized as Vīrānī Veyrānī and Wīrāni; also known as Nūrābād) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2784 in 741 families.
 Linndale is the smallest village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. It is landlocked surrounded by the cities of Cleveland and Brooklyn. According to the 2010 census the village achieved the second highest growth rate in Cuyahoga County: 53% as the population increased from 117 to 179 although the last house was built in 1968 and there are only 37 residential addresses.
 Žabljane is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 724 people.
 Robat-e Khan (Persian: رباطخان‎ also Romanized as Robāţ-e Khān and Robāt Khān; also known as Ribāt-i-Khān) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 27 families.
 Hilleste is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.Wrestler Heiki Nabi (born 1985) was born in Hilleste.
 Yazbar (Persian: يزبر‎) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 83 families.
 Kuşcusofulu is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Vaila is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 79 (as of 1 June 2010).
 Grodzisko [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Osieczna 11 km (7 mi) east of Leszno and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bergaki (Persian: برگكي‎ also Romanized as Bergakī and Bargakī; also known as Barkakī) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 16 families.
 Bad Bad (Persian: بادباد‎ also Romanized as Bād Bād and Bādbād) is a village in Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 72 families.
 Dargah (Persian: درگاه‎ also Romanized as Dargāh; also known as Darkāh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 64 families.
 Grbeši (Cyrillic: Грбеши) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Liku is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Hahake District near the east coast of Wallis Island. Its population according to the 2008 census was 671 people.
 Mikołajów [mikɔˈwajuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Osiek 20 km (12 mi) east of Staszów and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 4.
 Libertyville is a village in Lake County Illinois United States and an affluent northern suburb of Chicago. It is located 5 miles (8 km) west of Lake Michigan on the Des Plaines River. The 2010 census population was 20315.
 Shirshi is a village in Kokan on the banks of the Jagbudi river arising from the Arabian Sea. The village falls under the jurisdiction of the Khed Taluka of the Ratnagiri District. The village gets an awesome view from the Kokan Railway bridge across the river with a wonderful landscape of green paddy fields stretching for around a mile before the ascend of the hills start.
 Hrebenne [xrɛˈbɛnːɛ] (Ukrainian: Гребенне Hrebenne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 209. It is located on the border with Ukraine with a road and rail border crossing nearby.
 Masłomiąca [maswɔˈmjɔnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kurichi is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Goruh-e Sarhangcheh (Persian: گروه سرهنگچه‎ also Romanized as Gorūh-e Sarhangcheh) is a village in Garmsir Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Leskove is a village in the municipality of Zhepë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Qeshlaq-e Bakhshali (Persian: قشلاق بخشعلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Bakhsh‘alī; also known as Bakhsh‘alī) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Kurs Ali (Persian: كورس علي‎ also Romanized as Kūrs ʿAlī; also known as Kūrsalī) is a village in Hana Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Suchy Las [ˈsuxɨ ˈlas] (German: Steimersdorf) is a village in Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Suchy Las. It lies just north of the regional capital Poznań approximately 9 km (6 mi) from the city centre. The village has a population of 4367. Its name literally means dry forest.
 Khalili (Persian: خليلي‎ also Romanized as Khalīlī; also known as Khalīlīhā) is a village in Harirud Rural District Bujgan District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 168 families.
 Kadapur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Tutnjevac is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Shurabeh-ye Marate (Persian: شورابه مراتع‎ also Romanized as Shūrābeh-ye Marāteʿ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 272 in 46 families.
 Til (Persian: تيل‎ also Romanized as Tīl) is a village in Guney-ye Gharbi Rural District Tasuj District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2642 in 817 families.
 Shahrak-e Mohammadi (Persian: شهرك محمدئ‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Moḩammadī) is a village in Shalil Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 577 in 107 families.
 Świętosław [ɕfjɛnˈtɔswaf] (German: Wenzlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Chełmża and 24 km (15 mi) north of Toruń.
 Gniewkowo [ɡɲefˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Górowo Iławeckie 32 km (20 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 63 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Denaji (Arabic: دناجي) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Denaji had a population of 933 in the 2004 census.
 Buraq (Persian: بورق‎ also Romanized as Būraq) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 32 families.
 Maragheh (Persian: مراغه‎ also Romanized as Marāgheh; also known as Maragheb) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 358 in 104 families.
 Stolnikowizna [stɔlnikɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Salu Kola (Persian: سلوكلا‎ also Romanized as Salū Kolā) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 103 families.
 Saltibus is located on southwestern side of the Island of Saint Lucia. It belongs to one of two of the 11 quarters or sections of the island which were sometimes called districts under the British colonial government. The village Saltibus is located northeast of the village of Choiseul and northwest of the village of Laborie. It is located about 27 km south of Castries the nation's capital.
 Manshingpatti is a town and municipality in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3293 persons living in 567 individual households.
 Gabryelin [ɡabrɨˈɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Prażmów 12 km (7 mi) south of Piaseczno and 29 km (18 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 820.
 Amnot is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Nieciecz [ˈɲet͡ɕet͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Puławy and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Manampuzha is a small place in Kunnathur Village Panchayat in Kunnathur Taluk Kollam district Kerala India.There is a temple a government primary school an English medium convent school a church etc. in this place.The temple called Manampuzha Trikkannapuram Mahadeva Temple is a small famous which gets fame across the area these days. The festival will be conducted every year on 10th day of Medam. 'Pathamudayam'
 Sysłów [ˈsɨswuf] German Syßlau is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau) within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Głogówek (Oberglogau) 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bahmanabad (Persian: بهمن اباد‎ also Romanized as Bahmanābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Do Deh (Persian: دوده‎ also Romanized as Dodeh) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 37 families.
 Wrzask [vʐask] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Stryków 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Nemali is a small village in Gampalagudem mandal in Krishna District in Andhra Pradesh India. Nemali means peacock in Telugu
 Stawce [ˈstaft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Batorz 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Janów Lubelski and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Turyna [tuˈrɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Ulhówek 26 km (16 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 126 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Türkhüyük is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Ciążeń [ˈt͡ɕɔ̃ʐɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Słupca and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1300.
 Maćkowice [mat͡ɕkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żurawica within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Żurawica 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Przemyśl and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Zagórki [zaˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęczniew within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Pęczniew 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kotmale is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.Kothmale is a wonderful & charming valley a creation of Mother Nature said by many a stream & water causes studded with forests & hills. The town is surrounded by grateful “Garadi Alla” falls where the stream runs down the hills like a rattle snake and on the other side by “poona oya” Falls & the torrential “Ramboda falls” all seeding Kothmale reservoir brimming with its beauty.
 Crni Vrh is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 133 people.
 Khaleh Saray-e Panjah va Haft (Persian: خاله سراي پنجاه وهفت‎ also Romanized as Khāleh Sarāy-e Panjāh va Haft; also known as Khālehsarā-ye Panjāhohaft) is a village in Khaleh Sara Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1994 in 505 families.
 Qarah Bashlu (Persian: قره باشلو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bāshlū and Qareh Bāshlū) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 52 families.
 Mundrothuruth (Munroe's Island) is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kamion [ˈkamjɔn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Puszcza Mariańska 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Żyrardów and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 440.
 Taşburun is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 44 people.
 Kadarpur Nanu is a small village in Bijnaur district in the state of Western Uttar Pradesh India.
 Par Eshkaf (Persian: پرشكف‎; also known as Par Eshkaft) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Biduk (Persian: بيدوك‎ also Romanized as Bīdūk; also known as Bīdokht Bidokht Shahabad and Bidukht) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gogane is a Village Development Committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2283 persons residing in 415 individual households.
 Stvolínky (German: Drum) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ney Ahmad Beyg (Persian: ني احمدبيگ‎ also Romanized as Ney Aḩmad Beyg; also known as Bī Aḩmad Beyg Nei and Ney) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 55 families.
 Kohneh Qaleh (Persian: كهنه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Qal‘eh) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gapis (Persian: گاپيس‎ also Romanized as Gāpīs) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 542 in 104 families.
 Pasjak (Italian: Passiacco) is a village in Croatia located on the border with Slovenia. Just north of the village is the northern endpoint of the D8 highway at the eponymous Pasjak border crossing. The village is part of the Matulji municipality.
 Nowe Zgagowo [ˈnɔvɛ zɡaˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Durnian (Persian: دورنيان‎ also Romanized as Dūrnīān and Dūrneyān; also known as Darnīān and Darniyan) is a village in Kharqan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 76 families.
 Hatchville is a neighborhood within the town of Falmouth Massachusetts on Cape Cod in the United States. The mailing address for the area is East Falmouth to the south of Hatchville.
 Mahurestan-e Sofla (Persian: ماهورستان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Māhūrestān-e Soflá; also known as Mūrestān-e Soflá) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gürçam is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 147 people.
 Parmeh-ye Sofla (Persian: پرمه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Parmeh-ye Soflá and Parmeh Sofla; also known as Parmeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chenarud-e Shomali Rural District Chenarud District Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 481 in 100 families.
 Glasovik is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 155 people.
 Nabacalis is a community on the East Coast of Demerara in the Demerara-Mahaica region. It is in low-lying country by the coast which is subject to flooding in the rainy season.The community is served by the Dr.
 Łapy-Kołpaki [ˈwapɨ kɔu̯ˈpaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Choczewo [xɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] (German: Chottschow Gotendorf (1938-1945)) is a village in Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Choczewo. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 64 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1310.
 Gunjial Janubi is a village and one of the 51 Union Councils (administrative subdivisions) of Khushab District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.The village is home to the Ganjial tribe.
 Brzeźno [ˈbʐɛʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sobków 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Jędrzejów and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Metković (Serbian Cyrillic: Метковић pronounced [mɛ̂tkɔʋit͡ɕ])is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bogatić municipality in the Mačva District. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1244 people (2002 census).
 Avarolli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.Avarolli village is in the Khanapur Taluk of Belgaum District. Khanapur Belgaum Bylahongal and Supa are the towns close to Avarolli. Avarolli is reachable by Khanapur Railway Station  Idalhond Railway Station  Gunji Railway Station or Desur RailWay Station. It is the main village in Avarolli Panchayat.
 Galaha Town is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hromec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D207 highway. Hromec is part of the European Union as of July 1st 2013.
 Lisów [ˈlisuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Promna 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Białobrzegi and 59 km (37 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Medjå or Grong is a village which serves as the administrative center of the municipality of Grong in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the river Namsen at the confluence with the river Sanddøla. The Nordlandsbanen railway line runs along the eastern part of the village stopping at Grong Station. The European route E6 highway runs through the western edge of the village. Grong Church the main church for the area is also located in this village.
 Radovčići (Serbian: Радовчићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Piece [ˈpjɛt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaszowice within Rybnik County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Gaszowice 9 km (6 mi) west of Rybnik and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Teresiny [tɛrɛˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Vân Trung is a commune (xã) and village in Việt Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Fazili (Persian: فضيلي‎ also Romanized as Faẕīlī; also known as Faẕīleh and Faẕīleh’ī) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 13 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1393 in 296 families.
 Darreh Ney-ye Olya (Persian: دره ني عليا‎ also Romanized as Darreh Ney-ye ‘Olyā and Darreh Ney-e ‘Olyā; also known as Darreh Ney-ye Bālā) is a village in Tashan-e Gharbi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 13 families.
 Mniszek [ˈmniʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Gościeradów 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zieleniec Mały [ʑɛˈlɛɲɛt͡s ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Wielbark 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Szczytno and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 30.
 Bani Yekkeh (Persian: بني يكه‎ also Romanized as Banī Yekkeh and Banī Yakeh; also known as Banī Tekyeh Bani Yaki Beyn Yekī and Bīn Yakī) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 858 in 193 families.
 Kukowo [kuˈkɔvɔ] (German: Kukowen from 1938-45 Reinkental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Olecko and 133 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chelamattom is a suburban region of Kochi city in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Sheykh Ahmad (Persian: شيخ احمد‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Aḩmad) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 731 in 136 families.
 Demirçay is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 276 people.
 Hudgisheer is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4366 and had 831 houses in the town.
 Orleans is a village in Harlan County Nebraska United States. The population was 386 at the 2010 census.
 Balutak Shalu (Persian: بلوطك شالو‎ also Romanized as Balūţak Shālū) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Marianowo [marjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) west of Dominowo 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 50.
 Kantabania is a village in India under the Nayagarh district Orissa. The village is only 9 kilometers from the district headquarters but as yet there is still no proper road going there. Nevertheless the people of the village are well educated.
 Kuttiady (or Kuttiadi) is a town in the northern part of Kozhikode district in Kerala state India. It is 24 km from Vadakara. Kuttiadi acknowledged the supremacy of the Kottayam Raja whose fortified palace stands on a hill. During the Pazhassi rebellion Kuttiadi which commanded one of the chief passes to Wayanad was of great strategic importance. In 1957 the shafts of two golden swords supposed to have been used by Pazhassi Raja were unearthed.
 Kosmowo [kɔsˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Czernice Borowe 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Roosky Ruskey or Rooskey (Irish: Rúscaigh meaning swamp or bog) is a village on the River Shannon in County Roscommon Ireland in the northern midlands of Ireland near the point where counties Leitrim Longford and Roscommon meet. The N4 road from Dublin to Sligo passes by the Leitrim side of the village.
 Jagoty [jaˈɡɔtɨ] (German: Jegothen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Lidzbark Warmiński and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Gug Qash (Persian: گوگقاش‎ also Romanized as Gūg Qāsh and Gūgqāsh) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 19 families.
 Ugoszcz [ˈuɡɔʂt͡ʂ] (Kashubian: Ùgòszcz German: Bernsdorf) is a village in Gmina Studzienice Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Bytów and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship. It has a population of 740.
 Baba Zahed (Persian: بابازاهد‎ also Romanized as Bābā Zāhed and Bābāzāhed) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Chah-e Omid (Persian: چاه امید ‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 16 families.
 Haapsu is a village in Orissaare Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Mazraeh-ye Khatun (Persian: مزرعه خاتون‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khātūn; also known as Khātūn) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Aghasin-e Bala (Persian: اغاسين بالا‎ also Romanized as Āghāsīn-e Bālā; also known as Āqāsīn-e Bālā) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 28 families.
 Els Límits (Catalan pronunciation: [əɫz ˈɫimits]) is a Spanish village a civil parish of the municipality of La Jonquera situated in the province of Girona Catalonia in Spain. As of 2005 its population was of 115. Its Spanish name is Los Límites.
 Carabetovca is a commune in Basarabeasca district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Carabetovca.
 Järlepa is a village in Juuru Parish Rapla County Estonia. It has an area of 10.02 km² and a population of 206 (as of 1 February 2010).In 2010 Sadala village was detached from the lands of Järlepa and Lõiuse villages.
 Deh Now-e Kherabeh (Persian: ده نوخرابه‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kherābeh; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1831 in 425 families.
 Rahnich (Persian: رهنيچ‎ also Romanized as Rahnīch; also known as Rahneshk and Rahnīeh) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 45 families.
 Grodziszcze [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Świdnica and 50 kilometres (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 891.In World-war II the village hosted a working camp for Jews (Aussenlager).
 Staniszewo [staniˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Wandynów [vanˈdɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Koło and 124 km (77 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Firlejów [firˈlɛjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Silorba Pachhawari is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4236 people living in 748 individual households.
 Chavar (Persian: چور‎ also Romanized as Chāvār) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 20 families.
 Deh-e Ziaratan (Persian: ده زيارتان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Zīāratān) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 12 families.
 Lubiatowo [lubjaˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przelewice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Przelewice 11 km (7 mi) east of Pyrzyce and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Magnolia is a village in Carroll and Stark Counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 978 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Gotartów [ɡɔˈtartuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Faryab (Persian: فارياب‎ also Romanized as Fāryāb Fāreyāb and Fāriāb; also known as Pārīān and Tarian) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Bushkan District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2027 in 483 families.
 Baltalı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the south of Turkish state highway D.400. The distance to Tarsus is 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) and the distance to Mersin is 43 kilometres (27 mi). The population of Baltalı is 446 as of 2011.
 Garkan-e Olya (Persian: گركان عليا‎ also Romanized as Garkān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩasīnjān Qara Khān and Qareh Khān) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 73 families.
 Machali is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Aklar is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kudavattor is a small village of the Kottarakara Taluk in the Kollam district of the Indian state of Kerala well known for its agricultural atmosphere and natural beauty of the landscape. In the local Malayalam language kuda means umbrella and vattor round thus it is common to see a special kind of traditional style umbrella in the area.
 Parsauni Bhatha is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3917 people living in 618 individual households.
 Vadayar is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Faga'itua is a village in the east of Tutuila Island American Samoa. It is located on the central coast of Faga'itua Bay.
 Amrollah (Persian: امرالله‎ also Romanized as Amrollāh) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 63 families.
 Kodeste is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Lange Estonia is a village in Haaslava Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Lipia Góra [ˈlipja ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krasocin 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Włoszczowa and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 120.
 Kukheh Qeshlaq (Persian: كوخه قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Kūkheh Qeshlāq) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Luchowo [luˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Łobżenica 39 km (24 mi) east of Piła and 99 km (62 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 680.
 Kriva Rijeka (Serbian: Крива Ријека) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kayabaşı is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 19 people.
 Abd ol Mowmen (Persian: عبدالمومن‎ also Romanized as ‘Abd ol Mow’men; also known as ‘Abdol Fūman ‘Abd ol Mo’men Abdul Momin and Bounna) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1008 in 215 families.
 Sisotiya is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6571 people living in 1187 individual households.
 Brzezinki [bʐɛˈʑinki] (German: Birksdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Jelcz-Laskowice 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Oława and 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Marakkadavu is a small village in Kerala State India. It is located 1/2 km from the proposed Bhirakkuppa bridge. The tourist attractions are Kabini river beautiful paddy fields and plantations. The nearest railway station and airport are at Kozhikode around 145 km away.
 Zahajki [zaˈxai̯kʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Drelów 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Biała Podlaska and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Valche pole is a village in the municipality of Lyubimets in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Ghairung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4348 and had 757 houses in the town.
 Qatar Aghaj (Persian: قطاراغاج‎ also Romanized as Qaţār Āghāj) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 29 families.
 Khaneqah (Persian: خانقاه‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Rudzica [ruˈd͡ʑit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siekierczyn within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Paluküla is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Aklasis Ežeras is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 144 people.
 Boneh-ye Ajam (Persian: بنه عجم‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye ‘Ajam; also known as Bon ‘Ajam) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 26 families.
 Međuljići (Serbian: Међуљићи) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Słupy Małe [ˈswupɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Gierałtowice [ɡʲɛrau̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieprz within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wieprz 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Wadowice and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1252.
 Budy-Mikołajka [ˈbudɨ mikɔˈwai̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kalali (Persian: کلالي‎ also Romanized as Kalālī and Kolālī; also known as Bāgh-e Kalāyī and Bāgh-e Kalālī) is a village in Darb-e Gonbad Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 16 families.
 Deh-e Khoda Karam (Persian: ده خداكرم‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Khodā Karam and Dehkhodā Karam) is a village in Malmir Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bolęcin [bɔˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Trzebinia 6 km (4 mi) east of Chrzanów and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1793.
 Qader Marz (Persian: قادرمرز‎ also Romanized as Qāder Marz; also known as Qāder Maz and Qadīr Maz) is a village in Yeylan-e Jonubi Rural District Bolbanabad District Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 93 families.
 Werblinia [vɛrˈbliɲa] (Kashubian: Wôrblëniô) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Puck and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 544.
 Teratyn [tɛˈratɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Uchanie 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Hrubieszów and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 550.
 Ozvar (Persian: ازوار‎ also Romanized as Ozvār Azvār and Azwār; also known as Owzvār) is a village in Golab Rural District Barzok District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 727 in 216 families.
 Stawiec [ˈstavjɛt͡s] (German: Steffitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Nowa Dąbrowa [ˈnɔva dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Potęgowo 19 km (12 mi) east of Słupsk and 87 km (54 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 93.
 Taiyafeh-ye Ali Jan (Persian: طايفه علي جان‎ also Romanized as Ţāīyafeh-ye ʿAlī Jān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Bahnar (Persian: تلمبه باهنر‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bāhnar) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aq Tappeh (Persian: آق تپه‎ also Romanized as Āq Tappeh) is a village in Sara Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 13 families.
 Kiełpiny [kʲɛu̯ˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Nowjan (Persian: نوجان‎ also Romanized as Nowjān and Nūjān; also known as Tūjān) is a village in Adaran Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 98 families.
 Abad (Persian: اباد‎ also Romanized as Ābād) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3197 in 737 families.
 Wołajowice [vɔwajɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Hrubieszów and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 174.
 Bogoria Górna [bɔˈɡɔrja ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Zduny 12 km (7 mi) west of Łowicz and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Harkema (West Frisian: De Harkema) is a village in the municipality of Achtkarspelen Friesland province the Netherlands.Harkema is in the eastern part of Friesland 9 km north of Drachten. As of 18 December 2008 the village had a population of 4228.Harkema is home to the amateur football club the Harkemase Boys. Cyclist Pieter Weening who was the first Frisian to win a stage in the Tour de France is from Harkema.
 Ozmuş Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Skøelva or Skøelv is the second largest village in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county Norway. The village is located along the Reisafjorden about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the municipal centre of Sørreisa. The village is located along the mouth of the river Skøelva. Skøelv Chapel is located in the village.
 Mała Lipna [ˈmawa ˈlipna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przewóz within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nanagundikoppa is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Pasandarreh (Persian: پسين دره‎; also known as Pīsh Darreh and Pish Qal‘eh) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 55 families.
 Drozdówko [drɔzˈdufkɔ] (German: Vorwerk Drosedow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Rymań 21 km (13 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 88 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Bielskie [ˈbjɛlskʲɛ] (German Bilsken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Wólka Cycowska [ˈvulka t͡sɨˈt͡sɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Cyców 17 km (11 mi) east of Łęczna and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hasan Aqa Khani (Persian: حسن اقاخاني‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Āqā Khānī) is a village in Jarqavieh Sofla Rural District Jarqavieh Sofla District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hòa Lạc is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Phú Tân District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Deh Chil (Persian: ده چيل‎ also Romanized as Deh Chīl) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Citice (German: Zieditz) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tang Chenar (Persian: تنگ چنار‎ also Romanized as Tang Chenār and Tang-e Chenār) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 802 in 234 families.
 Kolah Jub-e Olya-ye Yek (Persian: كله جوب عليايك‎ also Romanized as Kolah Jūb-e ‘Olyā-ye Yek; also known as Kaleh Jūb-e ‘Olyā Kolah Jūb-e Bālā Kolāh Jūb-e Kīānī Kolah Jūb-e ‘Olyā and Kolah Jū ‘Olyā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 46 families.
 Setropie [sɛˈtrɔpjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Drobin 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Płock and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Cheshmeh Murd Baraber (Persian: چشمه مورد برابر‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mūrd Barāber) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Rasztów [ˈraʂtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klembów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Klembów 8 km (5 mi) north of Wołomin and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Dehigahatule is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Silna [ˈɕilna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Pszczew 18 km (11 mi) east of Międzyrzecz 51 km (32 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 64 km (40 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Bazam-e Ahuchar (Persian: بزم اهوچر‎ also Romanized as Bazam-e Āhūchar) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 10 families.
 Krmine (Cyrillic: Крмине) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lipka [ˈlipka] (German: Linde) is a village in Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lipka. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Złotów and 124 km (77 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.
 Mianrud (Persian: ميانرود‎ also Romanized as Mīānrūd) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 536 in 122 families.
 Haramabad (Persian: حرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩaramābād; also known as Khorramābād) is a village in Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1180 in 293 families.
 Kolonia Choszczewka [kɔˈlɔɲa xɔʂˈt͡ʂɛfka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 31.
 Cyganka [t͡sɨˈɡanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 179.
 Afzar (Persian: افزار‎ also Romanized as Afzār; also known as Abzāt Afzād Afzāţ and Āhzād) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 69 families.
 Kamionacz [kaˈmjɔnat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Warta 9 km (6 mi) north of Sieradz and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nandegata is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2881 living in 542 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 3356 of which 33% was literate.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 72 families.
 Teymurabad (Persian: تيموراباد‎ also Romanized as Teymūrābād) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowtowr-e Ali Reza Hashemi Fariyab (Persian: موتورعليرضاهاشمي فارياب‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlī Rez̤ā Hāshemī Fārīyāb) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Mokobody-Kolonia [mɔkɔˈbɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Siedlce and 78 km (48 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Natolewice [natɔlɛˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Natelfitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Płoty 12 km (7 mi) east of Gryfice and 75 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Świdry [ˈɕfidrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Opole Lubelskie and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 122.
 Korf Poshteh (Persian: كرف پشته‎) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 39 families.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Zam Rural District Pain Jam District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1684 in 345 families.
 Hesban (Persian: حسبان ‎ also Romanized as Ḩesbān; also known as Ḩesbānlū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 12 families.
 Trebečaj is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Yengi Kandi (Persian: ينگي كندي‎ also Romanized as Yengī Kandī; also known as Nīgī Kand and Yengī Kand) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 14 families.
 Cieszyce [t͡ɕɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobierzyce within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 230.
 Raghavapur is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Sukhaura is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1346 and had 256 houses in the village.
 Herkimer is a village in Herkimer County New York United States about 13 miles (21 km) southeast of Utica. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 7743 people. The village is named after the Herkimers Palatine German immigrants who settled in this area in 1723.
 Chęcin [ˈxɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Świnice Warckie 21 km (13 mi) west of Łęczyca and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bogan (Persian: بگعان‎ also Romanized as Bog‘ān; also known as Began) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 15 families.
 Dehgah (Persian: دهگاه‎ also Romanized as Dehgāh) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 8 families.
 Mezraa is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Whitewater is a village in Cape Girardeau County Missouri United States. The population was 125 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Cape Girardeau–Jackson MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Zavarak (Persian: زوارك‎ also Romanized as Zavārak) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Kyungôn is a village in Pathein Township Pathein District in the Ayeyarwady Region of northern-central Burma (Myanmar). It lies beside a former oxbow lake of the Pathein River west of the river at the edge of the flood plain. The oxbow lake has been converted to paddy.
 Hostovlice is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Paadrema is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 37 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Darreh Kugan (Persian: دره كوگان‎ also Romanized as Darreh Kūgān) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Olbrachcice [ɔlbraxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Gill Patti is a village falls under the tehsil and district Bathinda of East Punjab (India). It is located on the Bathinda-Kotkapura road between Goniana and Bathinda.
 Alindar (Persian: علندر‎ also Romanized as ʿAlindar) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Mowtowr-e Mir Shekari (Persian: موتورميرشكاري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mīr Shekārī) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1124 in 262 families.
 Zargar (Persian: زرگر‎) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 49 families.
 Kalwa [ˈkalva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stary Targ 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Sztum and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 232.
 Aastrup is a little village in eastern Falster Denmark located 6 km (3.7 mi) southwest of Stubbekøbing. Aastrup Church built in the Romanesque style has frescos from the 13th and 15th century.The first documented reference to the village dates from 1419 when it was called Østrup.From 1908 to 1965 the Stubbekøbing–Nykøbing railway (Stubbekøbingbanen) went through Aastrup 4.2 km from Stubbekøbing where there was a station with a ticket office and a siding.
 Wathumulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qadirabad (Persian: قديراباد‎ also Romanized as Qadīrābād; also known as Ghadīrābād and Qadīnābād) is a village in Radkan Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 12 families.
 Pilicode is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Lichnówki [lixˈnufki] (German: Klein Lichtenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Lichnowy 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Malbork and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Županjac (Serbian Cyrillic: Жупањац) is a village in the municipality of Lazarevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 582 people.
 Bon-e Gonbad (Persian: بن گنبد‎ also Romanized as Bon Gonbad; also known as Bān Gonbad Bankunbad and Boneh Gonbad) is a village in Malmir Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 19 families.
 Kunama Raju Palem is a village in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is 10 kilometers away from Nagari. The population is approximately 1700. There is a sub-community called Malada. The population there consists largely of the scheduled castes.The main industry is agriculture. In 2007 Malada elected its first female sarpanch.
 Dąbrówka Duża [dɔmˈbrufka ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciążek within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Raciążek 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Wołyńce [vɔˈwɨɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kuźnica 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Sokółka and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين آباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1970 in 550 families.
 Bylew-Parcele [ˈbɨlɛf parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 88.
 Talur (Persian: تلور‎ also Romanized as Talūr Tālūr and Tolūr; also known as Talūz and Tel Nār) is a village in Livan Rural District Now Kandeh District Bandar-e Gaz County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1173 in 324 families.
 Trælnes is a village in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. The village is located along the Torgfjorden just north of the village of Berg (in neighboring Sømna) and east of the mountain Torghatten. The Trælnes Chapel is located in this village.
 Tatra Estonia is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Grochowalsk [ɡrɔˈxɔvalsk] (German: Gröchenwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Dobrzyń nad Wisłą 21 km (13 mi) south of Lipno and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Jangah (Persian: جنگاه‎ also Romanized as Jangāh; also known as Jangā) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Zimna Woda [ˈʑimna ˈvɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Mowtowr-e Emam Bakhsh Abdollahi (Persian: موتور امام بخش عبداللهي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Emām Bakhsh ʿAbdollahī) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Janówka [jaˈnufka] (Lithuanian: Jonava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Augustów and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kazemabad (Persian: كاظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 13 families.
 Jabiglu (Persian: جبيگلو‎ also Romanized as Jabīglū; also known as Jabīklū) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Asuka Estonia is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Mường Tùng is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Suurmetsa is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Brzydowo [bʐɨˈdɔvɔ] (German: Seubersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 510.
 Babur-e Kord (Persian: بابوركرد‎ also Romanized as Bābūr-e Kord; also known as Qez Qal‘eh) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District in the Central District of Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 39 families.
 Raghunathpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3037 persons residing in 471 individual households.
 Bikehdan (Persian: بيكهدان‎ also Romanized as Bīkehdān; also known as Bekahdān) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 13 families.
 Melvin is a village in Sanilac County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 180 at the 2010 census. The village is within Speaker Township.
 Golczewo [ɡɔlˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 23.
 Kolonia Rybacka [kɔˈlɔɲa rɨˈbat͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rewa [ˈrɛva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosakowo within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kosakowo 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Puck and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Gdańsk.It is located on Puck Bay an inlet of the Baltic Sea and has a number of sandy beaches which attract tourists. The area is a centre for windsurfing and kitesurfing.
 Alifakı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°53′N 35°00′E it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the southeast of Tarsus. The distance to Tarsus is 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) and the distance to Mersin is 38 kilometres (24 mi). The population of Alifakı is 972 as of 2011.
 Mahjanabad (Persian: محجن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mahjanābād and Mahjenābād) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Jonubi Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2019 in 463 families.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Ballston Spa is a village in Saratoga County New York United States. The population was 5556 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Saratoga County. The village is named after Rev. Eliphalet Ball a Congregationalist clergyman and an early settler. The village lies on the border of two towns and is partly in the Town of Ballston and partly in the Town of Milton. The village is southwest of Saratoga Springs.
 Pa Qaleh (Persian: پاقلعه‎ also Romanized as Pā Qal‘eh) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 28 families.
 Çaputçu is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Jannum (Dutch: Janum) is a small village in Ferwerderadiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 60 citizens (2004).
 Rzejowice [ʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Radomsko and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Poradz [ˈpɔrat͡s] (German: Muhlendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Kolyai Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 33 families.
 Sokoliniec [sɔkɔˈliɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Recz 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Choszczno and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jazestan (Persian: جازستان‎ also Romanized as Jāzestān) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 38 families.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Matalapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Javkhede is village in Jalgaon district tehsil Amalner in state of Maharashtra India. Population of Javkhede is about 5000.It is situated on banks of a nullah. It lies on Border of Dhule and Jalgaon districts and located between villages Mohadi and Vavade.Majority of people speak Ahirani language (a dialect of Marathi). Most of the people in this village are farmers.
 Jelenie [jɛˈlɛɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 91 km (57 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Çevretepe is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Błoto [ˈbwɔtɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Unisław within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Unisław 14 km (9 mi) south of Chełmno 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Toruń. The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Mokrzyce Włościańskie [mɔˈkʂɨt͡sɛ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Trnovitički Popovac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway. Its time zone is UTC+1.
 Jakalj is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 472 people.
 Do Cheshmeh (Persian: دوچشمه‎; also known as Kaleh Khān Kalleh Khān Kela Khān and Qal‘eh Khān) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 710 in 169 families.
 Tiltonsville is a village in Jefferson County Ohio United States along the Ohio River. The population was 1372 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Par (Persian: پر‎) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 630 in 156 families.
 Gölköy is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 323 people.
 Rogalów [rɔˈɡaluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Krasocin 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Włoszczowa and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 88.
 Eshkar Kola (Persian: اشكاركلا‎ also Romanized as Eshkār Kolā and Āshekār Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 533 in 133 families.
 Chojniak [ˈxɔi̯ɲak] (German: Löbelshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 310.
 Obagunta is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Hajjiabad-e Seyyedeh (Persian: حاجي آباد سيده‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Seyyedeh; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District Chaharduli District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 29 families.
 Kul Badam-e Nurmorad (Persian: كول بادام نورمراد‎ also Romanized as Kūl Bādām-e Nūrmorād; also known as Kūl Bādām) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 10 families.
 Karszów [ˈkarʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Strzelin and 41 kilometres (25 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bord Luseh (Persian: بردلوسه‎ also Romanized as Bord Lūseh) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 14 families.
 Now Deh-e Arbab (Persian: نوده ارباب‎ also Romanized as Now Deh-e Arbāb and Now Deh Arbāb; also known as Naudeh Now Deh and Now Deh-e Ānqolāb) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3896 in 1012 families.
 Walthill is a village in Thurston County Nebraska United States within the Omaha Reservation. The population was 780 at the 2010 census.
 Kooli is a village in Valgjärve Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Tula (Persian: طولا‎ also Romanized as Ţūlā and Ţowlā; also known as Shahrak-e Ţūlā and Tāola) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1742 in 457 families.
 Kisielewo [kiɕɛˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Sierpc and 108 km (67 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Venkatapura (Kannada: ವೆಂಕಟಾಪುರ ) is a village near Maski in the Lingasugur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Venkatapura is a neolithic period site. 45 Cairns were found in the hills south to the village. Some of these cairns are 50 meters in diameter. Some are found in rings and pairs.Venkatapura is 5 km from Maski town.
 Kapkan (Persian: كپكان‎ also Romanized as Kapkān; also known as Koopkan and Kūpkan) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 64 families.
 Podchybie [pɔtˈxɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lanckorona within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lanckorona 21 km (13 mi) east of Wadowice and 22 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Leskovac is a village in the municipality of Zaječar Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 128 people.
 Sarani (Persian: ساراني‎ also Romanized as Sārānī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 84 families.
 Adichanalloor is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Zagórów 20 km (12 mi) south of Słupca and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mityal is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3219 people living in 480 individual households.
 Kalik (Persian: كاليك‎ also Romanized as Kālīk) is a village in Shepiran Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 53 families.
 Kammeta is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Vilandakandam is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu.
 Trzebień [ˈtʂɛbjɛɲ] (German: Kittlitztreben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north of Bolesławiec and 105 km (65 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 770.
 Mazraeh-ye Hesar (Persian: مزرعه حصار‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩeşār) is a village in Zulachay Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qadamgah (Persian: قدمگاه‎ also Romanized as Qadamgāh; also kown as Bādāmyār and Bādām Yār) is a village in Qebleh Daghi Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 589 in 141 families.
 Chenaran (Persian: چناران‎ also Romanized as Chenārān; also known as Ḩoseynkhān) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 55 families.
 Chah Matak (Persian: چاه متك‎ also Romanized as Chāh Matak and Chāh Matk) is a village in Rabatat Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 26 families.
 Drynia Stużańska [ˈdrɨɲa stuˈʐaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gielniów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Przysucha and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 220.
 Komorowo [kɔmɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Ab Kuleh Sar-e Bozorg (Persian: ابكوله سربزرگ‎ also Romanized as Āb Kūleh Sar-e Bozorg; also known as Ābkaleh Sar and Āb Kalleh Sar-e Bozorg) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 846 in 220 families.
 Brusino is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Gachan (Persian: گاچن‎ also Romanized as Gāchan) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qaidan (Persian: قائيدان‎ also Romanized as Qā’īdān; also known as Qā’īdān Shīāsī) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 58 families.
 Belno [ˈbɛlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Bieliny and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 440.
 Lasheh (Persian: لاشه‎ also Romanized as Lāsheh) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 500 in 142 families.
 Dąbrówka Nowa [dɔmˈbrufka ˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Błędów 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Grójec and 50 km (31 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Deh Now-e Khvajeh (Persian: دهنوخواجه‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Khvājeh Deh-e Now-e Khvājeh Deh-e Now Khvājeh Dehnow Khajeh and Dehnow Khvājeh; also known as Deh-i-Nāu and Deh-e Now) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District Jenah District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 57 families.
 General Fonseco is a town on São Tomé Island in the nation of São Tomé and Príncipe.General Fonseco has a church and a square (praça).
 Santuario de Tres Pozos is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Bestwina [bɛstˈfʲina] is a village in Bielsko County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bestwina. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Bielsko-Biała and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has in 2012 a population of 4618.
 Šljivovac is a village in the municipality of Malo Crniće Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 123 people.
 Bielawy Gołuskie [bjɛˈlavɨ ɡɔˈwuskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bieżuń 16 km (10 mi) south of Żuromin and 106 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 122.
 Ulaski Stamirowskie [uˈlaski stamiˈrɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Wyśmierzyce 17 km (11 mi) west of Białobrzegi and 69 km (43 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 40.
 Jafarabad-e Olya (Persian: جعفرابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ja‘farābād Ja‘farābād Bāla Ja‘farābād-e Bālā and Ja‘farābād-e Morzeh Qolī Khān) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 126 families.
 Sutno [ˈsutnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Mielnik 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Siemiatycze and 89 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wola Żyzna [ˈvɔla ˈʐɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Szydłów 13 km (8 mi) west of Staszów and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 282.
 Pudupattinam is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Benakal (Kannada: ಬೆಣಕಲ್ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 Feyzabad (Persian: فيض اباد‎ also Romanized as Feyẕābād; also known as Feyzābād-e Bālā) is a village in Sefiddasht Rural District in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wolkowo [vɔlˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 348.
 Dos Arroyos is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Podstena is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 Zarnan (Persian: زرنان‎ also Romanized as Zarnān; also known as Zarnān-e Bālā Qal‘eh-ye Bālā Zarnān and Zard Āb) is a village in Danesh Rural District in the Central District of Qods County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 562 in 155 families.
 Kamieniec [kaˈmjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Zbrosławice 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 829.
 Sari Qomish-e Qeshlaq (Persian: ساري قميش قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Sārī Qomīsh-e Qeshlāq; also known as Sārī Qomīsh) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 77 families.
 Porbady [pɔrˈbadɨ] (German: Neu Schöneberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Jonkowo and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Istgah-e Azadvar (Persian: ايستگاه ازادوار‎ also Romanized as Istgāh Āzādvār) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1004 in 252 families.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmāʿīlābād) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stare Kostry [ˈstarɛ ˈkɔstrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Qaddita (Arabic: قدّيتا‎ transliteration: Qaddîtâ) was a Palestinian Arab village of 240 located 4.5 kilometers (2.8 mi) northwest of Safad. It was captured and depopulated in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War with some of its inhabitants fleeing to nearby Akbara where they live as internally displaced Palestinians and others to refugee camps in Lebanon or Syria.
 Wełnica [vɛu̯ˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gniezno and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Arab (Persian: عرب‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 47 families.
 Milorci is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 407 people.
 Chay Avafi (Persian: چاي عوفي‎ also Romanized as Chāy ʿAvafī) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 18 families.
 Radziejowice-Parcel [rad͡ʑɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpart͡sɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hoseynabad-e Khayyat (Persian: حسين ابادخياط‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Khayyāṭ; also known as Ḩoseynābād Ḩoseyn Begī and Ḩoseyn Beygī) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 12 families.
 Khvajeh Geri (Persian: خواجه گري‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Gerī; also known as Khadzha-Kiri Khajeh Karī Khoja Kiri Khvāja Kiri Khvājeh Karī and Khvājeh Kerī) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 668 in 143 families.
 Olszewo-Borzymy [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ bɔˈʐɨmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stupsk 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Mława and 95 km (59 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Yedapalli is a Panchayat village in Coonoor Taluk of The Nilgiris District Tamil Nadu India.It is located approximately 9 km away from Coonoor on the Coonoor to Kotagiri road.
 Karahöyük is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Namchaw is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Khakineh-ye Bala (Persian: خاكينه بالا‎ also Romanized as Khākīneh-ye Bālā; also known as Khākīneh Khāgīnah Khaginakh Khāgīneh and Khākīneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Niyarak Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 37 families.
 Piskórka [pisˈkurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Prażmów 10 km (6 mi) south of Piaseczno and 26 km (16 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Owlad-e Chelku (Persian: اولادچلكو‎ also Romanized as Owlād-e Chelkū; also known as Olād-e Chehelkūh) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 18 families.
 Svinica is a village in central Croatia located about 7 km north of Hrvatska Kostajnica.Exact date of the first settlement is unknown but during the 15th and 16th century documents show the existence of a fort built as a protection against invading Turks.Village is positioned in the area next to the old Roman roads but there is no existing proof of settlement being there during this period.There are two Serbian Orthodox Churches in the village; Serbian Orthodox Church of St.
 Congress is a village in Wayne County Ohio United States. The population was 185 at the 2010 census.
 Qalatuiyeh-ye Tang-e Salehi (Persian: قلاتوييه تنگ صالحي‎ also Romanized as Qalātū’īyeh-ye Tang-e Şāleḥī; also known as Faleh Tū’īd Qalātū and Qalātū’īyeh) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Augustynów [au̯ɡusˈtɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bełchatów and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Huridar (Persian: حوريدر‎ also Romanized as Hūrīdar; also known as Chūrī Dar and Chūrī Dār) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Alinchuvadu is a place in Moonniyoor Panchayat in the Malappuram district of Kerala in India. It is on the Chemmad - Kozhikode (Calicut) Road about 2 km away from Chemmad. There is a Government High School (Moonniyoor Panchayat) and a Moonniyoor Nursing Home which are both located at Alinchuvadu.
 Rostam Khan Judaki (Persian: رستم خان جودکي‎ also Romanized as Rostam Khān Jūdakī; also known as Rostam Khān and Rustam Khān) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Abbas Yazdani (Persian: عباس يزداني‎ also Romanized as ʿAbbās Yazdānī) is a village in Jarqavieh Sofla Rural District Jarqavieh Sofla District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lirbiziyeh (Persian: ليربزيه‎ also Romanized as Līrbizīyeh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Karasf Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 59 families.
 Boneh Sara (Persian: بنه سرا‎ also Romanized as Boneh Sarā; also known as Boneh Sar) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 21 families.
 Jeziory Wielkie [jɛˈʑɔrɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Zaniemyśl 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 350.
 Mỹ Hội Đông is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Chợ Mới District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Tang-e Tey (Persian: تنگ تي‎) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 59 families.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Çamlıca is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Trękusek [trɛnˈkusɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Qamsar (Persian: قمصر‎ also Qamşar; also known as Ghamsar and Kamsār) is a village in central Iran. It is the administrative centre of the Qamsar District which forms part of Kashan County in the Province of Isfahan. In the 2006 census the population was 3566 in 1048 families.From the 13th century and perhaps considerably earlier cobalt was mined near Qamsar. The metal oxide was exported all over the Muslim world for use as the cobalt blue pigment in the decoration of pottery.
 Niedźwiedź [ˈɲɛd͡ʑvjɛt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Korizan (Persian: كريزان‎ also Romanized as Korīzān) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Popielarnia [pɔpjɛˈlarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 86 km (53 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Marzysz [ˈmaʐɨʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Daleszyce and 15 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Shamshir Gard (Persian: شمشيرگرد‎ also Romanized as Shamshīr Gard and Shamshīr Gerd; also known as Shamshīrābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 21 families.
 Chal-e Siyah Gelal (Persian: چال سياه گلال‎ also Romanized as Chāl-e Sīyāh Gelāl; also known as Chāl-e Sīyāh) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Didenko or Dindanko is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 7 villages and in the 2009 census has a population of 9840.
 Paulinów [pau̯ˈlinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nałęczów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Nałęczów 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Puławy and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zofianów [zɔˈfjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Biała Rawska 7 km (4 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dobre [ˈdɔbrɛ] (German: Dobben) is a village in Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dobre. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Radziejów and 40 km (25 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 1700.
 Damerlapalle is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Elpitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Benut-e Bala (Persian: بنوت بالا‎ also Romanized as Benūt-e Bālā and Bonūt-e Bālā; also known as Shahrak-e Benūt-e Mogharrī) is a village in Choghamish Rural District Choghamish District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1016 in 209 families.
 Sakht Del (Persian: سختدل‎) is a village in Varqeh Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 21 families.
 Adde Vishwanathapura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bangalore North taluk of Bangalore district in Karnataka.
 Mowtowr-e Hoseyn Gholam Sadeqi (Persian: موتورحسين غلام صادقي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩoseyn Gholām Şādeqī) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khatir Kola (Persian: خطيركلا‎ also Romanized as Khaţīr Kolā and Khaţīr Kalā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3500 in 930 families.
 Madanabhavi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Florentino Ameghino (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Balıkköy is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 160 people.
 Beit Sahem (Arabic: بيت سحم‎ also spelled Bayt Sahm) is a village in southern Syria administratively part of the Markaz Rif Dimashq District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate located Damascus's southeastern outskirts. Nearby localities include Babbila to the west Jaramana to the north Aqraba east and Sayyidah Zaynab to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Zabdin had a population of 15667 in the 2004 census.
 Wronów [ˈvrɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Waśniów 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 260.
 Cham Kaka (Persian: چم كاكا‎ also Romanized as Cham Kākā) is a village in Hureh Rural District Saman District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 572 in 162 families.
 Kąty Rybackie [ˈkɔntɨ rɨˈbat͡skʲɛ] (German: Bodenwinkel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztutowo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sztutowo 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Until 1773 belonged to Poland then the area was part of Prussia then Germany. In 1945 returend to Poland.
 Ab Azhdun (Persian: اب اژدون‎ also Romanized as Āb Āzhdūn) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Malazjan (Persian: ملازجان‎ also Romanized as Malāzjān Melāzjān and Molāzjān) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 91 families.
 Chandawas is a village in Rewari mandal of the Rewari district in the Indian state of Haryana. It is on Rewari- Berli/Kosli road Rewari at about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) on the approach District Road. It is first village when accessed through Rewari Kosli road.
 Arriën is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is a part of the municipality of Ommen and lies about 22 km south of Hoogeveen.The statistical area Arriën which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 330.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lubin and 65 kilometres (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tol-e Kuchak Khiarkar (Persian: تل كوچك خياركار‎ also Romanized as Tol-e Kūchak Khīārkār; also known as Tol-e Kūchak) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 35 families.
 Sowiniec [sɔˈviɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krzęcin 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Rabrovac (Serbian: Рабровац) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Leśna Woda [ˈlɛɕna ˈvɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Brzeg and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Krzemień [ˈkʂɛmjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Stromiec 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Białobrzegi and 57 km (35 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Emamzadeh Zaher (Persian: امامزاده ظاهر‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Z̧āher) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 6 families.
 Ponnammangalam (Tamil: பொன்னம்மங்கலம்) is a village thai is located in the administrative division of Arcot taluk in Vellore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Kaczynek [kaˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Szumowo 17 km (11 mi) west of Zambrów and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jurak-e Nowzar (Persian: جورك نوذر‎ also Romanized as Jūrak-e Nowẕar; also known as Jorak-e Pāeen) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Davazdeh Emam (Persian: دوازده امام‎ also Romanized as Davāzdeh Emām and Davāzdah Emām) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Sztynwag [ˈʂtɨnvak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 43 km (27 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 245.
 Wincencin [vinˈt͡sɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ruda Rzeczka [ˈruda ˈʐɛt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Jegliniec [jɛˈɡliɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kim Sơn (About this sound listen) is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Ngạn District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Varva (Persian: وروا‎ also Romanized as Varvā) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 27 families.
 Pas Bagh-e Shamshir (Persian: پس باغ شمشير‎ also Romanized as Pas Bāgh-e Shamshīr; also known as Pas Bāgh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 33 families.
 Vrbová Lhota is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ryjewo [rɨˈjɛvɔ] (German Rehhof) is a village in Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ryjewo. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Kwidzyn and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2914.
 Słowik [ˈswɔvik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitkówka-Nowiny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Osiedle-Nowiny and 8 km (5 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 98.
 Düzdağ is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 101 people.
 Korzenno [kɔˈʐɛnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Raków and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 116.
 Khalkhal Mahalleh-ye Qadim (Persian: خلخال محله قديم‎ also Romanized as Khalkhāl Maḩalleh-ye Qadīm; also known as Khalkhālī Maḩalleh-ye Qadīm) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 36 families.
 Lirab (Persian: ليراب‎ also Romanized as Līrāb; also known as Tang-i-Līrab) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 575 in 100 families.
 Hajji Kola (Persian: حاجي كلا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 851 in 215 families.
 Saravani (Persian: سراواني‎ also Romanized as Sarāvānī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 68 families.
 Burlington is a village in Calhoun County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 261 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Battle Creek Michigan Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village is located within Burlington Township on M-60.
 Praslity [praˈslitɨ] (German: Altkirch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dobre Miasto and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Mesznary [mɛʂˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Gandicheruvu or Gandi Cheruvu is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal.
 Nali (Persian: نالي‎ also Romanized as Nālī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 26 families.
 Stobierna [stɔˈbjɛrna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebownisko within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Trzebownisko and 12 km (7 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Darreh Chapi (Persian: دره چپي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Chapī and Darreh-ye Chapī; also known as Darrehchī) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Waco is a village in York County Nebraska United States. The population was 236 at the 2010 census.
 Zastawie [zasˈtavjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 113.
 Storsteinnes is the administrative center of the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county Norway. The 1.28-square-kilometre (320-acre) village has a population (2012) of 971 which gives the village a population density of 759 inhabitants per square kilometre (1970 /sq mi). This makes it the largest urban area in the municipality. Storsteinnes Chapel is located in this village.
 Chumaran (Persian: چومران‎ also Romanized as Chūmarān; also known as Chūmsarān) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 15 families.
 Hesar (Persian: حصار‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār; also known as Hisār Hissār and Khissar) is a village in Karasf Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1437 in 361 families.
 Głuponie [ɡwuˈpɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Kuślin 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Nowy Tomyśl and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qeran (Persian: قران‎ also Romanized as Qerān Qarān and Qerrān) is a village in Naran Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 11 families.
 Chajęty [xaˈjɛntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north of Wołomin and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Liiva is a village in Mustjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Auksi is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 60 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Witoldzin [viˈtɔld͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Szamotuły and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bon Tut (Persian: بن توت‎ also Romanized as Bon Tūt) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 18 families.
 Donja Zleginja (Serbian: Доња Злегиња) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 296 people.
 Peći (Serbian: Пећи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Protowo [prɔˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Rychliki 18 km (11 mi) south of Elbląg and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 130.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Gāv Kadeh and Kāvak Deh) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 100 families.
 Julayyil is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Qeshlaq-e Khan Goldi Ogham Owghlan (Persian: قشلاق خان گلدي اغام اوغلان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Khān Goldī Oghām Owghlān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Maliyadda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nowa Turza [ˈnɔva ˈtuʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kostkova is a village in Värska Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Ramavand Piruz Ali (Persian: رماوند پيروز علي‎ also Romanized as Ramāvand Pīrūz ʿAlī; also known as Ramāvand and Cham Charāgh) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 5 families.
 Tømmervåg is a village in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the western coast of the island of Tustna about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the town of Kristiansund. The village has a ferry connection with the island of Nordlandet in Kristiansund Municipality. Tømmervåg is the site of the Sør-Tustna Chapel.
 Pogalewo Małe [pɔɡaˈlɛvɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeg Dolny within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 250.
 Wrocki [ˈvrɔt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 43 km (27 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Kazuń-Bielany [ˈkazuɲ bjɛˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Czosnów 3 km (2 mi) south of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Sinyo Kamene is a village in Sredets Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Lipowiec [liˈpɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Chorzele 22 km (14 mi) north of Przasnysz and 111 km (69 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Kazemabad (Persian: كاظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 124 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Dar Chenar (Persian: درچنار‎ also Romanized as Dar Chenār) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 9 families.
 Małe Leźno [ˈmawɛ ˈlɛʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Czaple [ˈt͡ʂaplɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Radziłów 25 km (16 mi) south of Grajewo and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 9 families.
 Madi Mulkharka is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6201 people living in 1147 individual households.
 Ghatakanur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Teresław [tɛˈrɛswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Pahapilli is a village in Mustjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Budne Sowięta [ˈbudnɛ sɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gornje Babine is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 262 people.
 Chogha Sorkh (Persian: چغاسرخ‎ also Romanized as Choghā Sorkh and Cheghā Sorkh; also known as Cheghā Sabz Chogha Sabz and Chūgha Sabz) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 825 in 177 families.
 Pir Khodaverdi (Persian: پيرخداوردي‎ also Romanized as Pīr Khodāverdī; also known as Pileh Shāhvardī Pīr-e Shāhverdī and Pīr Shāhverdī) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 29 families.
 Alupere is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Gavmish Cheran-e Arab (Persian: گاوميش چران عرب‎ also Romanized as Gāvmīsh Cherān-e ‘Arab; also known as Gāvmīsh Cherān Sheykh Dāvod ‘Arab and Sheykh Dāvūd-e ‘Arab) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 38 families.
 Ab Bari (Persian: َََآب باري‎ also Romanized as Āb Bārī; also known as Āb Bārīk) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuper (Persian: كوپر‎ also Romanized as Kūper) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 909 in 149 families.
 Żelazowa Wola [ʐɛlaˈzɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in Gmina Sochaczew Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies on the Utrata River some 8 kilometres (5 mi) northeast of Sochaczew and 46 km (29 mi) west of Warsaw. Żelazowa Wola has a population of 65.The village is the birthplace of pianist and composer Frédéric Chopin and of violinist Henryk Szeryng.
 Galauda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Segin (Persian: سگين‎ also Romanized as Segīn) is a village in Mardehek Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 63 families.
 Borjabad (Persian: برج اباد‎ also Romanized as Borjābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 42 families.
 Rütavere is a village in Sauga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Selseleh (Persian: سلسله‎; also known as Sīlsāleh) is a village in Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 539 in 128 families.
 Howbeh-ye Kukhan (Persian: هوبه كوخان‎ also Romanized as Howbeh-ye Kūkhān) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 16 families.
 Plunkett is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 Szarnoś [ˈʂarnɔɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie nad Osą within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Świecie nad Osą 25 km (16 mi) east of Grudziądz and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 130.
 Narenj Bandben (Persian: نارنج بندبن‎ also Romanized as Nārenj Bandben) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District Kelarabad District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 49 families.
 Caravelí is a town in Southern Peru capital of the province Caravelí in the region Arequipa. It is the seat of the Territorial Prelature of Caravelí.
 Krzymowskie [kʂɨˈmɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of Biała Podlaska and 92 km (57 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 200.
 Szlembark [ˈʂlɛmbark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Buzcheh-ye Vosta (Persian: بوزچه وسطي‎ also Romanized as Būzcheh-ye Vosţá; also known as Būjū-ye Vasaţ and Būzjeh-ye Vosţá) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 65 families.
 Kaliłów [kaˈlʲiwuf] (Ukrainian: Калилів Kalyliv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Biała Podlaska and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Park [park] (German: Park) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Valu Thimmapuram is a south Indian village in Peddapuram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh.
 Val-David is a unique village of almost 5000 inhabitants located in the Laurentian Mountains about 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of Montreal Quebec Canada that attracts about 100000 tourists a year. Val-David is predominantly Quebecer (i.e. French-speaking) and has a sizable minority anglophone population.The village is famous for its artistic character.
 Starzyce [staˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Chociwel 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 352.
 Darreh-ye Banvar (Persian: دره بنوار‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Banvār) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Kattathur (North) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kopanie [kɔˈpaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Skarbimierz 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Brzeg and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 100.
 Pamma is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Gurid-e Bala (Persian: گوريدبالا‎ also Romanized as Gūrīd-e Bālā; also known as Goorid Gūrīd and Kūrīd) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 30 families.
 Czechy [ˈt͡ʂɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kłecko 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Gniezno and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Amrduiyeh (Persian: امردوييه‎ also Romanized as Amrdū’īyeh and Amrodū’īyeh; also known as Amrūdū’īyeh and Hūrmedū) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 73 families.
 Vettiyar is a village in the district of Alappuzha in Kerala India on the Mavelikara - Pandalam road. It lies on the banks of Achenkovil river. It is situated between Mavelikkara and Pandalam (the birthplace of Lord Ayappa of Sabarimala). Green paddy fields stretch to acres of lands: rubber plantations cashew trees coconut trees bettel leaves and many more. Vettiyar is a small village where urbanization has not yet reached and the traquility of a southern Indian village still remains.
 Virovo is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 586 people.
 Kwitajny [kfiˈtai̯nɨ] (German: Quittainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Pasłęk 28 km (17 mi) east of Elbląg and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village of Quittainen was a part of East Prussia.
 Korita (Cyrillic: Корита) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kabud Darreh (Persian: كبوددره‎ also Romanized as Kabūd Darreh) is a village in Tarrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kukowo [kuˈkɔvɔ] (German: Kuckucksheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Karaatlı Söke is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 70 people.
 Agh Veran (Persian: اغوران‎ also Romanized as Āgh Verān; also known as Āqverān and Āq Verān) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 20 families.
 Więckowice [vjɛnt͡skɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Zabierzów and 15 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 592.
 Lak (Persian: لك‎) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kızılgeçit is a small village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°40′N 34°00′E it is situated in Limonlu Creek valley of Toros Mountains . The distance to Silifke is 45 kilometres (28 mi). The population of Kızılgeçit was 85 as of 2011.
 Zirna (Persian: زيرنا‎ also Romanized as Zīrnā; also known as Zīrānā and Zīr Annā) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 80 families.
 Sarvash Poshteh (Persian: سرواش پشته‎ also Romanized as Sarvāsh Poshteh and Sarvāshposhteh) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Ammameh-e Bala (Persian: امامه بالا‎ also Romanized as Ammāmeh-e Bālā; also known as Ammāmeh-ye Deh-e Bālā) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 675 in 188 families.
 Kankol is a village in Kerala Kannur district India.Kankol village is a part of Kankol Alapadamba Grama Panchayath which had won the Swaraj Trophy (1999–2000) for the best grama panchayath in Kerala state. Post office and village office representing Kankol are situated in the place named Kundayamkovval.
 Widoradz [viˈdɔrat͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) east of Wieluń and 87 km (54 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Bolimów 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Skierniewice and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Southfield is a village and farming community on the southern ridge of the Santa Cruz Mountains in St Elizabeth Jamaica. It is the site of the Mannings Boys Home.
 Strachomino [straxɔˈminɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Będzino 23 km (14 mi) west of Koszalin and 118 km (73 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Luka (Serbian: Лука) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dziadkowice [d͡ʑatkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Дідковичі Didkovychi) is a village in Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dziadkowice. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Rudshur Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rybarze [rɨˈbaʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Walce 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Krapkowice and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Baba Mahmud-e Vosta (Persian: بابامحمودوسطي‎ also Romanized as Bābā Maḩmūd-e Vosţá) is a village in Dehpir Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 38 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād; also known as Morīdlar) is a village in Virmuni Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3623 in 888 families.
 Dharampani is a village and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Siyambalapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nowy Nakwasin [ˈnɔvɨ nakˈfaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Koźminek 16 km (10 mi) east of Kalisz and 117 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zlatá Olešnice is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Opatje Selo (pronounced [ɔˈpaːtjɛ ˈsɛːlɔ]; Slovene: Opatje selo Italian: Opacchiasella) is a village in the Municipality of Miren–Kostanjevica in the Littoral region of Slovenia right on the border with Italy. It is located on the Karst Plateau along an old road leading from Komen to Gorizia. It includes the former hamlet of Mačeče.
 Morrill is a village located in Scotts Bluff County in the western Panhandle in the northwestern portion of the United States state of Nebraska. Morrill is part of the Scottsbluff Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 921 at the 2010 census.
 Kwietnik [ˈkfjɛtnik] (German: Blumenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Aglapsvik is a small isolated coastal village along the Malangen fjord in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county in Northern Norway. It is located 35 km (22 mi) north of the town of Finnsnes. The name of the village comes from the nearby mountain Aglapen. The area is mostly hilly and forested and there is one small road (County Road 263) passing through. There are about 50 residents.
 Osowo [ɔˈsɔvɔ] (German: Wussow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Nowogard 32 km (20 mi) east of Goleniów and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Tarkawica [tarkaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Lubartów and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Morawiany [mɔraˈvjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bejsce 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hesar (Persian: حصار‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār; also known as Ḩeẕār) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 11 families.
 Abbas Barfi (Persian: عباس برفي‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbās Barfī; also known as Abbās Bar ‘Abbās Barfī-ye Soflá and ‘Abbās Barqī) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 38 families.
 Wola Chodkowska [ˈvɔla xɔtˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Geshi (Persian: گشي‎ also Romanized as Geshī and Gashī) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 60 families.
 Ravni Topolovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Равни Тополовац) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Žitište municipality Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(88.09%) and its population numbering 1352 people (2002 census).
 Okorág is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Razi (Persian: رازي‎ also Romanized as Rāzī) is a village in Qatur Rural District Qatur District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 753 in 129 families.
 Witosławice [vitɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Chah Amiq-e Astan Qods (Persian: چاه عميق استان قدس‎ also Romanized as Chāh ʿAmīq-e Āstān Qods) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pięciowłóki [pjɛnt͡ɕɔˈvwuki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Sefid Dali (Persian: سفيددالي‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Dālī; also known as Sefīd Ālū and Sefīd Golī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kampå is a village in the municipality of Nes Akershus Norway. Its population (2005) is 544.
 Siah Keshan (Persian: سياه كشان‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Keshān) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 6 families.
 Sorkh Deh (Persian: سرخده‎) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 36 families.
 Alişar is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Niesadna [ɲeˈsadna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Pilawa 10 km (6 mi) north of Garwolin and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Vahedabad (Persian: واحداباد‎ also Romanized as Vāḩedābād; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Be‘sat) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zarrin Qaba (Persian: زرين قبا‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Qabā) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 438 in 100 families.
 Dąbrowice Częściowe [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sɛ t͡ʂɛ̃ɕˈt͡ɕɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościelec within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kościelec 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Koło and 112 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 240.
 Dobroń [ˈdɔbrɔɲ] is a village in Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dobroń. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Pabianice and 23 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1210.
 Štvrtok na Ostrove (Hungarian: Csütörtök or Csallóközcsütörtök Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈtʃytørtøk]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Nahr-e Abu Felfel (Persian: نهرابوفلفل‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū Felfel; also known as Abū Felfel and Farkand) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 113 families.
 Žiūrai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. It is situated on Ūla River. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 35 people.
 Ballingeary (Irish: Béal Átha an Ghaorthaidh pronounced [bʲial̪ˠ ɑhən̪ˠ ˈɣʷeːrˠhiɡʲ]) is a village in the Shehy Mountains in County Cork Ireland.The village is within the Gaeltacht (Irish-speaking area) and has an active Irish-language summer school Coláiste na Mumhan (The College of Munster). It also hosts a yearly agricultural and horticultural show.The River Lee rises a few miles west of the village at Gougane Barra National Park.
 Radostów Średni [raˈdɔstuf ˈɕrɛdni] (German: Mittel-Thiemendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubań within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Beshteh Var (Persian: بشته وار‎ also Romanized as Beshteh Vār) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Feldfebel Dyankovo is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Narty [ˈnartɨ] (German: Narthen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Jedwabno 14 km (9 mi) west of Szczytno and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.The area used to be a part of East Prussia which was a fiefdom of Poland.The village was established by Stanislaw Witkowski in 1571
 Dhikpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8085 persons living in 1112 individual households.
 Ichilangod is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Milmi is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3530 people living in 535 individual households.
 Nowy Krzymów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈkʂɨmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Shekarlu (Persian: شكرلو‎ also Romanized as Shekarlū) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czeremcha [t͡ʂɛˈrɛmxa] (Ukrainian: Черемха Cheremkha) is a village in Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czeremcha. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-west of Hajnówka and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 3774.
 Gorakhani is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1364 people living in 281 individual households.
 Czarnorzeczka [t͡ʂarnɔˈʐɛt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Stryje Księże [ˈstrɨjɛ ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łask and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zawiłka [zaˈviu̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ryczyn [ˈrɨt͡ʂɨn] (German: Elisabethsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Borzytuchom 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Bytów and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
 Arcugowo [art͡suˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Niechanowo 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Gniezno and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 140.
 Hadhah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Takht-e Bastam-e Olya (Persian: تخت بسطام عليا‎ also Romanized as Takht-e Basţām-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Dębniczka [dɛmbˈnit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Damnica 15 km (9 mi) east of Słupsk and 92 km (57 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 44.
 Kahrizak (Persian: كهريزك‎ also Romanized as Kahrīzak) is a village in Ramjin Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 160 families.
 Suchelma (Persian: سوچلما‎ also Romanized as Sūchelmā) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 519 in 139 families.
 Shahrak-e Sizadehaban (Persian: شهرك سيزده ابان‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sīzadehābān; also known as Poshteh-ye Banān (Persian: پشته بنان) and Poshtehbanān) is a village in Abnama Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 937 in 205 families.
 Ab Paran (Persian: اب پران‎ also Romanized as Āb Parān; also known as Ūporon) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District Galikash District Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 and consisted of 88 families.
 Giraulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Yukarıaydere is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Namak Avaran (Persian: نمك اوران‎ also Romanized as Namak Āvarān) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shirabad (Persian: شيراباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrābād) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 86 families.
 Wróble [ˈvrublɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Lay Nigu (Persian: لاي نيگو‎ also Romanized as Lāy Nīgū; also known as Lānegū) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Romanowo [rɔmaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koneck within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Zagrodniki [zaɡrɔdˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Łochów 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Maskun (Persian: مسكون‎ also Romanized as Maskūn; also known as Masgūn) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 449 in 106 families.
 Chhisti is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5236 and had 1024 houses in the town.
 Nowe Jastrzębsko [ˈnɔvɛ jasˈtʂɛmpskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Bartki [ˈbartki] (German: Bartkenguth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Kozłowo 9 km (6 mi) south of Nidzica and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 198.
 Igrise is a village in Mikitamäe Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Turów [ˈturuf] (German: Thauer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ścinawa 13 km (8 mi) east of Lubin and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Siekierczyna [ɕɛkʲɛrˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciężkowice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ciężkowice 31 km (19 mi) south of Tarnów and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 650.
 Chegeni (Persian: چگني‎ also Romanized as Chegenī; also known as Chegīnī) is a village in Lumar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 35 families.
 Shiva (Persian: شيوا‎ also Romanized as Shīvā; also known as Shīū) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 68 families.
 Mozaffari (Persian: مظفري‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affarī) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 15 families.
 Tareh-ye Nishkarhaft Tappeh (Persian: طرح نيشكرهفت تپه‎ also Romanized as Ţareḥ-ye Nīshkarhaft Tappeh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 9 families.
 Turian (Persian: توريان‎ also Romanized as Tūrīān Tūreyān Tūrīyān and Tūryān) is a village in Ramkan Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2051 in 430 families. The village suffered heavily in the 2005 Qeshm earthquake.
 Choszcze [ˈxɔʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mrozy 22 km (14 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 61 km (38 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Qarah Jangal-e Olya (Persian: قره جنگل عليا‎ also Romanized as Qarah Jangal-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qarah Jangal-e Bālā) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 51 families.
 Qanat Kalantar (Persian: قنات كلنتر‎ also Romanized as Qanāt Kalāntar and Qanāt-e Kalāntar) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 70 families.
 Hareh Bagh-e Khayyat (Persian: هره باغ خياط‎ also Romanized as Hareh Bāgh-e Khayyāţ; also known as Hareh Bāgh Har Bāgh Har Bāgh-e Khayyāţ and Harreh Bāgh) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 46 families.
 Gyűrűs is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Praca [ˈprat͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Wola Krzysztoporska 9 km (6 mi) west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 160.
 Barzabad (Persian: برزاباد‎ also Romanized as Barzābād) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 12 families.
 Jednaczewo [jɛdnaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Łomża and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Chah-e Gowd (Persian: چاه گود‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Gowd) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 21 families.
 Wincentów [vinˈt͡sɛntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Góra Kalwaria 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Piaseczno and 32 km (20 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bulatovci (Cyrillic: Булатовци) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zębowice [zɛmbɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paszowice within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Paszowice 3 km (2 mi) south-east of Jawor and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Akhundzadeh (Persian: آخوند زاده‎ also Romanized as Ākhūndzādeh) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 36 families.
 Posht-e Chah (Persian: پشت چاه‎ also Romanized as Posht-e Chāh; also known as Pas-e Chāh and Poshteh Chāh) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 23 families.
 Kasehgaran (Persian: كاسه گران‎ also Romanized as Kāsehgarān; also known as Kasakeran) is a village in Lahijan Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 44 families.
 Shandarreh (Persian: شندره‎; also known as Shandār) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 16 families.
 Fabianów [faˈbjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gümüşkaşık is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Vagalkhani (Persian: وگلخاني‎ also Romanized as Vagalkhānī; also known as Vagūl Khānī) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 15 families.
 Kohan-e Sabz (Persian: كهن سبز‎; also known as Kahn-e Gījeh (Persian: كهن گيجه)) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 45 families.
 Arifköy is a village in the District of Finike Antalya Province Turkey.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Górzno 8 km (5 mi) south of Garwolin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Kamyk [ˈkamɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Konopnica 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bilandu is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2279 living in 431 individual households.On December 15 2010 a plane crashed in the forest of Bilandu near the village of Shreechaur in the adjacent VDC.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Saruq Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 18 families.
 Karolinów [karɔˈlinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Khaneh Sar (Persian: خانه سر‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Sar; also known as Khānsar-e Qāsemābād) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 669 in 208 families.
 Shad Bolagh (Persian: شادبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Shād Bolāgh; also known as Shāhbodāgh) is a village in Harasam Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 59 families.
 Chattikulam is a small high range village near Chalakudy in Trichur district Kerala India. It is 9 km from Chalakudy on the way to Vellikulangara. The nearest town is Chalakudy.Central Timber Depot [Forest Department] is located in Chattikulam and this is the heart of this village.The kodassery grama panchayath and Chattikulam village office is located near to the Timber Depot.Chattikulam has one forest nursery.
 Pęczków [ˈpɛnt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Gol Tappeh (Persian: گل تپه‎) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 28 families.
 Palanjur is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Alanköy is a village in the District of Hamamözü Amasya Province Turkey.
 Shalehsiv (Persian: شله سيو‎ also Romanized as Shalehsīv; also known as Shalehsīt) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Liberty Center is a village in Henry County Ohio United States. The population was 1180 at the United States Census 2010.
 Sarbor-e Jadid (Persian: سربرجديد‎ also Romanized as Sarbor-e Jadīd; also known as Sarbor) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 30 families.
 Pianowo [pjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kościan and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 234.[citation needed]
 Trischuky (Ukrainian: Тріщуки) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Mangavilai மங்காவிளை is a village in the Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu India. Mangavilai comes under the Dharmapuram Panchayat and is 9 km from Nagercoil the district headquarters of Kanyakumari. The name Mangavilai means undestroyable fame.[citation needed]
 Eminler is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province Turkey. At 37°20′N 33°06′E it is situated to the west of Karadağ an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is 22 kilometres (14 mi). The population of the village was 135 as of 2011. A tumulus in the village indicate that the village was an ancient settlement which was abandoned.
 Orchard Park is a village in Erie County New York United States. The population was 3246 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from a description of the local landscape which abounded with orchards. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.The Village of Orchard Park lies north of the center of the Town of Orchard Park.
 Avat (Kazakh: Ават) is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Balutak-e Sheykhan (Persian: بلوطك شيخان‎ also Romanized as Balūţak-e Sheykhān and Balūtak-e Sheykhān; also known as Boneh Sheykhān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1315 in 239 families.
 Kopljevići (Serbian: Копљевићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Galan (Persian: گلان‎ also Romanized as Galān and Golān; also known as Gulān and Kūlān) is a village in Kumasi Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 37 families.
 Geduk (Persian: گدوك‎ also Romanized as Gedūk) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 37 families.
 Rososzka [rɔˈsɔʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Chynów 24 km (15 mi) east of Grójec and 38 km (24 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Samarakonehena is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bielsko [ˈbjɛlskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Karczmiska 6 km (4 mi) north of Opole Lubelskie and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Jasień [ˈjaɕeɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Tłuchowo 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Lipno and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Roztoky (Rakovník District) is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dolno Egri (Macedonian: Долно Егри) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia.According to the 2002 census it has a population of 0.
 Tituzeynal (Persian: تيتوزينل‎ also Romanized as Tītūzeynal) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Emamiyeh (Persian: اماميه‎ also Romanized as Emāmīyeh; also known as Emāmīan) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 39 families.
 Lužan Biškupečki is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 Berovci is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
 Włodkowice [vwɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Wilhelmshöhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Salarabad (Persian: سالاراباد‎ also Romanized as Sālārābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 12 families.
 Rąbież [ˈrɔmbjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kamayestan (Persian: كمايستان‎ also Romanized as Kamāyestān and Komāyestān; also known as Kumīsdān) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 553 in 141 families.
 Chebrolu is a village in Gollaprolu mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India Pincode-533449. The nearest city (29 km) is Kakinada.Chebrolu village comes under Pithapuram constituency which is a biggest Gram panchayat in Gollaprolu mandal after converted Gollaprolu into a Municipality. The village has more than 14177 people according to 2011 census of India.In earlier days Chebrolu was called Chebolu and Chembuprolu. Chebrolu is a famous for Rama Navami festival.
 Lisiya is an almost abandoned village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. I is situated in the foothills of Vlahina mountain. On 29 January 1944 thirteen Bulgarian Partizans died in a battle near the village.Lisiya Ridge on Graham Land Antarctica is named after the village.
 Kalinówka [kaliˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Wyszki 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Aduri (Persian: ادوري‎ also Romanized as Ādūrī) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Si Chub (Persian: سي چوب‎ also Romanized as Sī Chūb; also known as Sīchū and Sī Jūb) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Akland is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Pulpatta is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Molla Sartip (Persian: ملاسرتيپ‎ also Romanized as Mollā Sartīp; also known as Sartīpābād) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 22 families.
 Karaağaç is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Dumanac (Cyrillic: Думанац) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Alamdar Deh (Persian: علمدارده‎ also Romanized as ‘Alamdār Deh) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 43 families.
 Mardanaqom (Persian: مردانقم‎ also Romanized as Mardānāqom; also known as Mard Agham Mardānqom Mardenaum and Merdenaum) is a village in Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 730 in 176 families.
 Mateuszew [matɛˈuʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bedlno 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Kutno and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stara Obra [ˈstara ˈɔbra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Koźmin Wielkopolski 23 km (14 mi) north of Krotoszyn and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Knight is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Piteh Now (Persian: پيته نو‎ also Romanized as Pīteh Now; also known as Pet Now Pet Tow and Tappeh-Ye-Now) is a village in Shohada Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 103 families.
 Hasköy is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Gochh is a village and Union Council of Kharian tehsil of Gujrat District in the Punjab Pakistan. It has a brother village called Achh on the other side of the road which links to the major highway running from Barnala to Bhimber Kashmir. The village is named after Baba Guchha the founder.Govt. High School Gochh for Boys and Govt. High School Gochh for Girls are the major educational institutions serving Gocch and the surrounding villages which include Gorha Plagran Asar and Kulian.
 Armudaghaj (Persian: ارموداغاج‎ also Romanized as Ārmūdāghāj) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 24 families.
 Ortaköy is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 550 people.
 Gubavce is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 36 people.
 Śnice [ˈɕnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Trudovo is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 92 people.
 Wałdowo [vau̯ˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pruszcz 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Świecie 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of Toruń.
 Ertuğrulköy is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 103 people.
 Cześniki [t͡ʂɛɕˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Sitno 14 km (9 mi) east of Zamość and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1460.
 Valusek (Persian: ولوسك‎ also Romanized as Valūsek) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Esfahaabad (Persian: اصفهااباد‎ also Romanized as Eşfahāābād and Eşfahābād) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District Firuz District Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piprabirta is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3162 persons living in 537 individual households.
 Bafrajerd (Persian: بفراجرد‎ also Romanized as Bafrājerd; also known asVarāvard) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1289 in 257 families.
 Kicko [ˈkit͡skɔ] formerly German Kietzig is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Stara Dąbrowa 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mirgasar (Persian: ميرگسار‎ also Romanized as Mīrgasār Mīr Gasār and Mīr Gosār; also known as Mīr ‘Aşşār and Mīr Jāsar) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 41 families.
 Barodiya is a village in Banswara district on the Bombay - Ahmedabad highway in Rajasthan India.
 Kemenli is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is in the wide valley of Göksu River in Toros Mountains. At 36°31′N 33°30′E it is situated between Göksu River and the Turkish state highway D.715. Its distance to Mut is 18 kilometres (11 mi) nd to Mersin is 143 kilometres (89 mi). The population of the village was 592 as of 2011. The main economic activities of the village are animal breeding and agriculture. Main crop is apricot.
 Kalateh-ye Fazel (Persian: كلاته فاضل‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Fāẕel) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 493 in 102 families.
 Daleh Marz (Persian: دله مرز‎ also Romanized as Dalah Marz; also known as Dalāmarz and Delāmarz) is a village in Zherizhah Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 636 in 141 families.
 Krzykowice [kʂɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wolbórz 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Owieczki [ɔˈvjɛt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Łubowo 11 km (7 mi) west of Gniezno and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wrząsowice [vʐɔ̃sɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątniki Górne within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Świątniki Górne and 13 km (8 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Bogaram is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Keesara mandal.
 Brzózka [ˈbʐuska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north of Węgrów and 75 km (47 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh-ye Tak Aghaj (Persian: مزرعه تك اغاج‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Tak Aghāj) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Budanur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mandya taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 Wymysłów [vɨˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krośniewice 15 km (9 mi) west of Kutno and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bodzanowo [bɔd͡zaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Doberstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Filestan (Persian: فيلستان‎ also Romanized as Fīlestān and Fīlistān) is a village in Filestan Rural District in the Central District of Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4476 in 1121 families.
 Toporzyk [tɔˈpɔʐɨk] (formerly German Bramstädt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Połczyn-Zdrój 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Świdwin and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Shurani (Persian: شوراني‎ also Romanized as Shūrānī; also known as Shūrūni) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 32 families.
 Modliszewko [mɔdliˈʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Gniezno and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Karabucak Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kozanki Podleśne [kɔˈzanki pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Świnice Warckie 23 km (14 mi) west of Łęczyca and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kaynarca is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province Turkey. It is at at 37°50′N 34°38′E to the east of Turkish state highway D.805 which connects Niğde to Mediterranean coast. Its distance to Bor is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to Niğde is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi). The population of Kaynarca was 717 as of 2011. The village is framous for white cabbage production.
 Tell Aran (Arabic: تل عرن‎; also spelled Tell Arn; ancient Arne) is a town in northern Syria administratively part of the al-Safira District of the Aleppo Governorate located southeast of Aleppo close to Sabkhat al-Jabbul. Nearby localities include Tell Hasil al-Nayrab and Tell Shughayb to the northwest and al-Safira to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Tell Aran had a population of 17767 in the 2004 census.
 Koholdeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chaouéni is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 624.
 About this sound Návsí (Polish: Nawsie  Cieszyn Silesian: Nowsi ) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has a population of 3765 (2001 census); 24% of the population are Poles.It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia on the both banks of the Olza River between Silesian and Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain ranges. Mountain meadow of Filipka lies just north of the village.
 Deh Kheyr-e Pain (Persian: ده خيرپائين‎ also Romanized as Deh Kheyr-e Pā’īn and Deh Khair Pain; also known as Deh Kheyr-e Soflá and Kheir Sofla) is a village in Qaryah ol Kheyr Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1987 in 459 families.
 Marampally is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Inju is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County Estonia. It is 4 km south west of Pajusti and 12 km south of Rakvere.
 Nowabad (Persian: نواباد‎ also Romanized as Nowābād; also known as Naubād) is a village in Ghazali Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 403 in 99 families.
 Toporowice [tɔpɔrɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mierzęcice within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Będzin and 21 km (13 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 861.
 Çayköy is a village in the District of Hamamözü Amasya Province Turkey.
 Oštarski Stanovi is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Olszyny [ɔlˈʂɨnɨ] (German: Erlendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Kamienna Góra and 85 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tân Tuyến is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Lutków [ˈlutkuf] (Ukrainian: Людків Liudkiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Chłopice 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Jarosław and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mirosławiec Górny [mirɔˈswavjɛt͡s ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1408.
 Nipkowie [nipˈkɔvjɛ] (German: Groß Nipkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Susz 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Iława and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 290.
 Męczyn [ˈmɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Mokobody 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Siedlce and 75 km (47 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Golagheh Mordeh (Persian: گل اغه مرده‎ also Romanized as Golāgheh Mordeh; also known as Golākhem Mordeh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 27 families.
 Gornji Humac is a village in Croatia on the island of Brač. It is connected by the D113 highway.
 Sukhteh Sara (Persian: سوخته سرا‎ also Romanized as Sūkhteh Sarā) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 31 families.
 Tanbaku Kar-e Pain (Persian: تنباکوکار پایین‎ also Romanized as Tanbākū Kār-e Pā’īn; also known as Tanbākū Kār) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Qaleh-ye Ali (Persian: قلعه عالي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Ālī and Qal‘eh-ye ‘Alī; also known as ‘Ālī) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 12 families.
 Zagórzyce [zaɡuˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German: Saagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Qur Chay (Persian: قورچاي‎ also Romanized as Qūr Chāy) is a village in Qaleh Miran Rural District in the Central District of Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 83 families.
 Jalalabad Zahedan (Persian: جلال‌آباد‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ray (Persian: راي‎ also Romanized as Rāy and Rāi) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 26 families.
 Kołat-Rybniki [ˈkɔwat rɨbˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Dziwiszowice [d͡ʑiviʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kożuchów 9 km (6 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Kawczyce [kafˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Duljak Khan-e Mohammadabad (Persian: دولجك خان محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Dūljak Khān-e Moḩammadābād; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 40 families.
 Bekiralanı is a village in Toroslar district of Mersin Province where the capital city of Toroslar district is actually a part of Greater Mersin.The distance to Mersin city center is 28 kilometres (17 mi). It is situated in the Taurus Mountains . At 36°59′N 34°32′E it is almost merged to the Soğucak a town at the south of Bekiralanı. The population of village is 405 as of 2011. The village is a yayla (resortyayla (summer resort) of Mersin.
 Mah Farrokhan (Persian: ماه فرخان‎ also Romanized as Māh Farrokhān; also known as Māhfar Khān and Mofanghān) is a village in Khir Rural District Runiz District Estahban County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1718 in 400 families.
 Gum Ga is a small village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Wróblewo [vruˈblɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Suchy Dąb 8 km (5 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 132.
 Modrzewie [mɔˈdʐɛvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wleń within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Bekkeberga is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Volda is the administrative centre of Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the northeastern shore of the Voldsfjorden just less than 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south of the village of Ørsta. The 4.02-square-kilometre (990-acre) village has a population (2012) of 5991 giving the village a population density of 1490 inhabitants per square kilometre (3900 /sq mi).Volda University College is one of 25 university colleges in Norway.
 Grodzisk [ˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dmosin 13 km (8 mi) north of Brzeziny and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Akkalasandra is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Turuvekere taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Yangpang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3120 persons living in 584 individual households.
 Chendar-e Qavi (Persian: چندارقوي‎ also Romanized as Chendār-e Qavī; also known as Jandār and Jendār Qavī) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Oil Springs is a village in Lambton County Ontario Canada located along Former Provincial Highway 21 south of Oil City. The village an enclave within Enniskillen Township is home to the Oil Museum of Canada.The CKCO-3 Channel 42 Television Tower is located near Oil Springs. It's the fifth tallest guyed antenna in Canada at 994 feet (303 m).
 Skibice [skiˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Nowogród Bobrzański and 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.
 Knollwood is an incorporated municipality in Grayson County Texas United States. The population was 226 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Sherman–Denison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Peddamandadi (Telugu: పెద్దమందడి) is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Gęś [ɡɛ̃ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wicko 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Lębork and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 143.
 Kolongastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kluski [ˈkluski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lututów 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 80 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Szarłaty [ʂarˈwatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sorkwity 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Mrągowo and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Vääna (German: Feyena Faehna Fähna) is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 266 (as of 1 June 2010). Vääna is located about 20 km (12 mi) from the capital Tallinn.
 Vamsaneh (Persian: وامسانه‎ also Romanized as Vāmsāneh; also known as Vāmastāneh) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wampsville is a village located inside the Town of Lenox in Madison County New York. The population was 543 as of the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Madison County.The Village of Wampsville is in the northern part of the county and near the eastern town line of Lenox.
 Grgeteg (Serbian Cyrillic: Гргетег) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Irig municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority among its population of 85 (2002 census).
 Chetan Nagar is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Krzeszów [ˈkʂɛʂuf] (German: Grüssau) is a village in south-western Poland. It is part of the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship (formerly in Jelenia Góra Voivodeship). Krzeszów boasts the former Grüssau Abbey one of the most valuable relics of Baroque architecture in Europe.The village is located in the Zadrna valley of the Central Sudetes within the historic Lower Silesia region.
 Maljević is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.
 Bhanuvalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Harihar taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Katak (Persian: كتك‎; also Romanized as Kotok) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 638 in 110 families.
 Kariz (Persian: كاريز‎ also Romanized as Kārīz) is a village in Ashiyan Rural District in the Central District of Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 92 families.
 Pitchanur is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Røysland is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Golian is a village in the north Indian state of Punjab. It is located in the district Hoshiarpur.
 Gonbad Bahram (Persian: گنبدبهرام‎ also Romanized as Gonbad Bahrām and Gonbad-e Bahrām) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Peniki-Veru is a village of Alamuru Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Niedzieliska-Kolonia [ɲed͡ʑeˈliska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Vukmanovac is a village in the municipality of Rekovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 477 people.
 Dowlui (Persian: دولوئي‎ also Romanized as Dowlūī and Delūī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1360 in 411 families.Dowlui is located 3 km from Gonabad at an altitude of 1038 metres.The most important products of Dolui are saffron grapes apricot whiteberry wheat and pomegranate.
 Ewing is a village in Holt County Nebraska United States. The population was 387 at the 2010 census.
 Norglenwold is a summer village in central Alberta Canada. It is located on the southeast shore of Sylvan Lake adjacent to the Town of Sylvan Lake.
 Widoradz Dolny [viˈdɔrat͡s ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Brzezinki [bʐɛˈʑinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Lębork and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kowanowo [kɔvaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Oborniki and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sang Kar (Persian: سنگ كر‎ also Romanized as Sang-e Kar; also known as Sangar) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 51 families.
 Hamidan (Persian: حميدان‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdān; also known as Dehlā’īyeh and Deh Lāleh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 20 families.
 Waverly is the largest village in Tioga County New York United States. It is located southeast of Elmira in the Southern Tier region. This village was incorporated as the southwest part of the town of Barton in 1854. The village name is attributed to Joseph Uncle Joe Hallett founder of its first Fire Department and pillar of the community who conceived the name by dropping the 2nd e from the name of his favorite author's novel Waverley by Sir Walter Scott.
 Płosków [ˈpwɔskuf] (German: Friedrichsbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 50.
 Dehmi is a holy village for people from all castes. Shri Mansa Mata Mandir Hasampur is one of the holiest Hindu temples dedicated to Shakti located in the Dehmi village near NH-8 (Delhi to Jaipur) In Hinduism.Mansa Devi also known as Mata Rani and Vaishnavi is a manifestation of the Mother Goddess.The temple is near the town of Behror and Barrod in the Alwar district in the state of Rajasthan. It is one of the most revered places of worship in Northern India.
 Yağlıtaş is a village in the District of Pozantı Adana Province Turkey.
 Browntown is a village in Green County Wisconsin United States. The population was 280 at the 2010 census.
 Krzepin [ˈkʂɛpin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Secemin 12 km (7 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 110.
 Sanu (Persian: سنو‎ also Romanized as Sanū) is a village in Zibad Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 922 in 316 families.
 Drozdów [ˈdrɔzduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Świnice Warckie 14 km (9 mi) west of Łęczyca and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Panchetgarh is a village in Purba Medinipur district of state of West Bengal in India. It is located near the town of Egra close to the border of Orissa State.
 Garbalin [ɡarˈbalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łęczyca and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wola Brudnowska [ˈvɔla brudˈnɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wieniawa 15 km (9 mi) east of Przysucha and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Trzuskotowo [tʂuskɔˈtɔvɔ] is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Las within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The site of the village is now within the area of the military training ground centred on Biedrusko.
 Sağırkaraca is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Kundzin Kościelny [ˈkund͡ʑin kɔɕˈt͡ɕelnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Kaşlıca is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Święcienica [ɕfjɛnt͡ɕɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Berezhnytsia (Ukrainian: Бережниця) is a village in Dubrovytsia Raion Rivne Oblast Ukraine. As of the year 2001 the community had 646 residents. Postal code — 34164. KOATUU code — 5621882001.
 Czermno Kolonia-Stomorgi [ˈt͡ʂɛrmnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa stɔˈmɔrɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Fiorina is a curacy (it: curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the municipality (castello) of Domagnano and it is its most populated parish (curazia).
 Jureh Kandi (Persian: جوره كندي‎ also Romanized as Jūreh Kandī; also known as Jūrah Khān) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 79 families.
 Cheshmeh Mir Hasani (Persian: چشمه ميرحسني‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mīr Ḩasanī) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 6 families.
 Kohneh Forud (Persian: كهنه فرود‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Forūd) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1823 in 420 families.
 Ornontowice [ɔrnɔntɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Mikołów County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ornontowice. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Mikołów and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 5556.
 Nierybno [ɲeˈrɨbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ińsko within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Ińsko 44 km (27 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 19.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Celestynów within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Celestynów 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Otwock and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Safo Niger is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Wardyń [ˈvardɨɲ] (German: Wardin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Choszczno (Arnswalde) and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin (Stettin).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bhadeya is a country side locality in Gaya district of Bihar India.Bhadeya is located in Barachati Gaya in the state of Bihar in northern India. Bhadeya includes Bhadeya Karma and its localities of Azizabad Tejva Aahar (named after Advocate Aziz Ahmed Khan) Karimgunj Ansar Nagar Zahoorabad.It also comprises Sondiha Paili Chhaura Bandh Bigha Imamgunj Gaiwal Karma Hasanpur Mananbigha.
 Beshel (Persian: بشل‎; also known as Besh) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 567 in 150 families.
 Kurmanów [kurˈmanuf] (Ukrainian: Курманів Kurmaniv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Białopole 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Chełm and 88 km (55 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Anbar Tappeh (Persian: انبارتپه‎ also Romanized as Anbār Tappeh) is a village in Tankaman Rural District Tankaman District Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 613 in 161 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Qobad (Persian: قشلاق قباد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qobād) is a village in Tork-e Sharqi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Grabianowo [ɡrabjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Krobia 15 km (9 mi) south of Gostyń and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 74.
 Dzikowo [d͡ʑiˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Gubin 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 46 km (29 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Manikatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Khailad is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5734 living in 610 individual households.
 Bardzinek [barˈd͡ʑinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krośniewice 16 km (10 mi) west of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź. A nest village of the Bardziński noble family.
 Hejbuty [xɛi̯ˈbutɨ] (German Heybutten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jawai Bandh is a village also situated near to the dam and a railway station on Ajmer-Ahmedabad route. With the same name a dam built across the Jawai river a tributary of Luni river. It comes under Sumerpur Tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan.
 Darreh Bagh (Persian: دره باغ‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bāgh; also known as Dār Bāgh and Dār-i-Bāgh) is a village in Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 33 families.
 Smyków-Boroniewskie [ˈsmɨkuf bɔrɔˈɲɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Tolombeh-ye Rahmat Allah Sharifi (Persian: تلمبه رحمت اله شريفي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Raḥmat Āllah Sharīfī) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 20 families.
 Boyalı is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 119 people.
 Podlodów [pɔdˈlɔduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Meleh-ye Badi (Persian: مله بادي‎ also Romanized as Meleh-ye Bādī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sikorowizna [ɕikɔrɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Lamud is a town in northern Peru capital of Luya Province in Amazonas Region.
 Dobrzyniewo Duże [dɔbʐɨˈɲɛvɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1200.
 Mąkosy Nowe [mɔnˈkɔsɨ ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jastrzębia 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Radom and 81 km (50 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bur Khani (Persian: بورخاني‎ also Romanized as Būr Khānī) is a village in Lafur Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 111 families.
 Dubrava Križovljanska is a village in Croatia near the border with Slovenia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Sohray Kallah Qazi (Persian: صحرائ كلاه قاضي‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrāy Kallāh Qāẕī) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 7 families.
 Chemudulanka is a village in Alamuru Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Svídnice (Rychnov nad Kněžnou District) is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Czeszewo [t͡ʂɛˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gołańcz 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pastrook (Turkish: Alagözler) is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Kraszewo [kraˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ojrzeń 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Ciechanów and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Qaleh-ye Reza (Persian: قلعه رضا‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Reẕā and Qal‘eh Rez̧ā; also known as Qal‘a Ruza and Qal‘eh Ruza) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Deh-e Karbalayi Reza (Persian: ده كربلائي رضا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Karbalāyī Rez̤ā) is a village in Khenaman Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żuki [ˈʐukʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zabłudów and 13 km (8 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Brakovci (Serbian: Браковци) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Diraz (Arabic: الدراز‎) is a village on the northwest coast of Bahrain. It lies to the east of Budaiya west of Barbar and north of Bani Jamra. It is a predominantly Shia village. It has several Dilmun era temples and hosts the Umm Al Sajoor spring which was once landfilled by the Ummayad caliph Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan because of his hatred of the people of the village. However this was reversed by the people of the village after Ibn Marwan left.
 Wólka Olbięcka [ˈvulka ɔlˈbjɛnt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Trzydnik Duży 6 km (4 mi) west of Kraśnik and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mutaik is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Bagh Kand (Persian: باغ كند‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Kand) is a village in Zavin Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 86 families.
 Mekényes is a village in Baranya county Hungary in a small region of Sásd.
 Kolköy Posof is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Chełchy [ˈxɛu̯xɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sypniewo 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 94 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Mokhtarabad (Persian: مختاراباد‎ also Romanized as Mokhtārābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nedaf Kheyl (Persian: نداف خيل‎ also Romanized as Nedāf Kheyl and Nedāfakhīl; also known as Nedābakhl) is a village in Mehravan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 51 families.
 Turzyn [ˈtuʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Brańszczyk 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Wyszków and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1200.
 Ulatowo-Borzuchy [ulaˈtɔvɔ bɔˈʐuxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Deh-e Viran (Persian: ده ويران‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Vīrān and Deh Vīrān) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 21 families.
 Wilkowisko Limanowa [vilkɔˈviskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłownik within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jodłownik 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Dumuria is a village and a Gaon Panchayat in Barpeta district in the Indian state of Assam.
 Milejczyce [mʲilɛi̯ˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Мілейчиці Mileichytsi) is a village in Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Milejczyce. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1100.
 Kardovan (Persian: كردوان‎ also Romanized as Kardovān Kardavān Kardvān and Kardwān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 63 families.
 Włosty-Olszanka [ˈvwɔstɨ ɔlˈʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Szepietowo 4 km (2 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 140.
 Kenesaw is a village in Adams County Nebraska United States. The population was 880 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Hastings Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Raz (Persian: رز‎ also Romanized as Raẕ) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 19 families.
 Shineh-ye Sharifabad (Persian: شينه شريف آباد‎ also Romanized as Shīneh-ye Sharīfābād) is a village in Naran Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 Kariz-e Bedaq (Persian: كاريزبداق‎ also Romanized as Kārīz-e Bedāq and Kārīz-e Bedāgh) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 27 families.
 Aqa Molk (Persian: اقاملك‎ also Romanized as Āqā Molk and Āqā Malek) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1298 in 351 families.
 Sæbø is a village in the municipality of Radøy in Hordaland county Norway. The village is located along the Radfjorden on the southern coast of the island of Radøy about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) west of the village of Austmarka and about 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi) south of the municipal centre of Manger. The village is the site of Sæbø Church which serves the southern part of Radøy municipality.
 Anastazew [anasˈtazɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Parzęczew 17 km (11 mi) west of Zgierz and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qajar Mahalleh (Persian: قجرمحله‎ also Romanized as Qajar Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 65 families.
 Mysłaki [mɨˈswaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Miłakowo 31 km (19 mi) north of Ostróda and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Wola Kamocka [ˈvɔla kaˈmɔt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Grabica 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gołystok [ɡɔˈwɨstɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rząśnik 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Wyszków and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Żelki [ˈʐɛlki] (German: Groß Silkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kobylnica 15 km (9 mi) south of Słupsk and 102 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 58.
 Donja Kočela (Cyrillic: Доња Кочела) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mostek (Trutnov District) is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Donja Crnuća is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 323 people.
 Qaleh-ye Khorgushi (Persian: قلعه خرگوشي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Khorgūshī) is a village in Narestan Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 6 families.
 Towchal (Persian: توچال‎ also Romanized as Towchāl; also known as Tow Chāh Tū Chāh and Tu-i-Chāh) is a village in Kharturan Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 8 families.
 Khonj Free Islamic University (Persian: دانشگاه آزاد اسلامي خنج‎ – Dāneshegāh-e Āzād Eslāmī-ye Khonj) is a village and university in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Milzkalne is a village in Latvian Smārde parish administrative unit of the Engure municipality. The village was added to the Smārde district in 1965 as a Soviet collective farm during the Soviet Latvia (Latvian: Padomju Latvija) period. The Šlokenbeka Castle a medieval fortified manor built in 15th century is located in Milzkalne.
 Słupy [ˈswupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Tuchola and 56 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Bisheh (Persian: بيشه‎ also Romanized as Bīsheh) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 49 families.
 Gazestan (Persian: گزستان‎ also Romanized as Gazestān; also known as Gadehstān and Gazehstān) is a village in Narestan Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ab Seyyedi (Persian: اب سيدي‎ also Romanized as Āb Seyyedī) is a village in Efzar Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Danowo [daˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Biała Piska 21 km (13 mi) east of Pisz and 109 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Sikory-Janowięta [ɕiˈkɔrɨ janɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Roland is a village of about 300 people in the Pembina Valley Region of Manitoba Canada located in the Rural Municipality of Roland about 16 km north of Winkler. International children's musicians LuLu and the TomCat make their home in Roland. Roland is the birthplace of the Canadian 4-H Council and the Canadian 4-H Club.
 Tazeh Kand (Persian: تازه كند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 149 families.
 Emanuelina [ɛmanuɛˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnożyły within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Czarnożyły 9 km (6 mi) north of Wieluń and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Burja or Boorja (Telugu: బూర్జ) is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Burja is located near River Nagavali.Burja mandal is bordered by Regidi Amadalavalasa Santhakavati Palakonda Seethampeta Sarubujjili and Amadalavalasa mandals of Srikakulam district.
 Jaru (Persian: جارو‎ also Romanized as Jārū; also known as Jārn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 21 families.
 Polwica-Huby [pɔlˈvit͡sa ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Niemierzyce [ɲɛmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Chah-e Mutur Shahid Ahmadarduni (Persian: چاه موتورشهيد احمداردوني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mūtūr Shahīd Āḥmdārdūnī) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 21 families.
 Zebrzydów [zɛˈbʐɨduf] (German: Seiferdau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Świdnica and 41 kilometres (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Lisie Jamy [ˈliɕe ˈjamɨ] (kashubian: Lësé Jamë)is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sierakowice 17 km (11 mi) west of Kartuzy and 45 km (28 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 168.
 Kamarpukur is a village situated in the Arambag subdivision of the Hooghly District in West Bengal state of India. It is famous for being the birthplace of Ramakrishna. It is the block headquarters of the Goghat –II community development block.
 Zablatje is a village in Croatia.
 Perlino [pɛrˈlinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Gniewino 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 332.
 Deh-e Bid (Persian: ده بيد‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bīd) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Smolanka [smɔˈlaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Sokółka and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 60.
 Sarab-e Humyan (Persian: سراب هوميان‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Hūmīān; also known as Shahrak Sarāb-e Hūmīān) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 30 families.
 Dodanwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gomunice 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Radomsko and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Netra is a panchayat village in the state of Rajasthan India. Administratively Netra is under Sumerpur Tahsil of Pali District in Rajasthan. The village of Netra is located on National Highway 14 8 km by road northeast of the town of Sumerpur and 65 km by road south-southwest of the city of Pali.There are three villages in the Netara gram panchayat: Netra Parakhiya and Rojra.
 Tolombeh-ye Bani Asadi (Persian: تلمبه بني اسدي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Banī Asadī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zabełków [zaˈbɛu̯kuf] (formerly German Zabelkau 1936–1945: Schurgersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanowice within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Krzyżanowice 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Racibórz and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice. It has a population of about 750.Józef Rymer first Silesian voivode was born here.
 Kumluca is a village in the District of Hasankeyf Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 20 people.
 Azarsi-ye Babal Konar (Persian: ازارسي بابل كنار‎ also Romanized as Āzārsī-ye Bābol Kenār) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 50 families.
 Zizakesh (Persian: زيزاكش‎ also Romanized as Zīzākesh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 11 families.
 Qara Gol (Persian: قراگل‎ also Romanized as Qarā Gol; also known as Gharagol) is a village in Sardaran Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 950 in 223 families.
 Młodawin Górny [mwɔˈdavin ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zapolice 5 km (3 mi) south of Zduńska Wola and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gradac is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Posušje.
 Bard Kuh (Persian: بردكوه‎ also Romanized as Bard Kūh) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 10 families.
 Cham Morad (Persian: چم مراد‎ also Romanized as Cham Morād) is a village in Hendijan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hendijan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 65 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Hemmatabad (Persian: تلمبه عشايري همت اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Hemmatābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Klukówek [kluˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Świercze 24 km (15 mi) west of Pułtusk and 55 km (34 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Aq Gonbad (Persian: اق گنبد‎ also Romanized as Āq Gonbad and Āqgonbad; also known as Agh Gonbad Bandar Aq Gunbad Bandar-e Āgh Gonbad Bandar-e Āq Gonbad Bandar-e Sefīd Gonbad Bandar Safīd Gunbad Bandar Sefid Gunbad Gumbad Sefīd Gonbad and Sefid Gunbad) is a village in Jazireh Rural District Ilkhchi District Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 898 in 267 families.
 Bielawki [bjɛˈlafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Pelplin 22 km (14 mi) south of Tczew and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 360.
 Shur Gesht (Persian: شورگشت‎ also Romanized as Shūr Gesht and Shūr Kesht) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Jonubi Rural District Taghenkoh District Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1214 in 335 families.
 Irumbai is a village situated next to Auroville in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu some 10 km from Pondicherry.
 Shamanewadi (Kannada ಶಮನೇವಾಡಿ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka in Chikodi taluka India. It is in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Espasuiyeh (Persian: اسپاسويه‎ also Romanized as Espāsūīyeh) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Manakamana is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9029 people living in 1830 individual households.
 Mayyanad is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.Mayyanad is located at the south western suburbs of Kollam city in Kollam district of Kerala and is about 10 kilometers south of Kollam city and 6 kilometers North of Paravur Town. Mayyanad can be reached by frequent buses from Kollam city and Kottiyam town and by local train from Kollam and Thiruvananthapuram. The bridge connecting mayyand and Paravur was completed in 2012 which made easy travel to Kollam city.
 Stara Kuźnica [ˈstara kuʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Końskie and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 140.
 Qaleh-ye Mohammad Beyg (Persian: قلعه محمدبيگ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad Beyg; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad Beyk) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Sadrabad (Persian: صدراباد‎ also Romanized as Şadrābād) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 34 families.
 Barm Alvan (Persian: برم الوان‎ also Romanized as Barm Alvān) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 15 families.
 Austad Aust-Agder is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Nowy Duninów [ˈnɔvɨ duˈninuf] is a village in Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nowy Duninów. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) west of Płock and 112 km (70 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 896 in 189 families.
 Mowtowr-e Nabi Bakhsh Baluch Zehi (Persian: موتور نبي بخش بلوچ زهي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nabī Bakhsh Balūch Zehī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 10 families.
 Abbasabad-e Pisht (Persian: عباس ابادپيشت‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Pīsht; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 23 families.
 Podbucze [pɔdˈbut͡ʂɛ] is a village in Gmina Godów Wodzisław County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 204 and lies close to the border with the Czech Republic.
 Chankebail is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Lansing is a village in Tompkins County New York United States. The population was 3529 at the 2010 census.The Village of Lansing is in the Town of Lansing and is north of Ithaca.Tompkins County Airport (ITH) is partially in Eastern part of the village.
 Anamoq (Persian: انامق‎ also Romanized as Anāmoq Anāmaq and Anāmeq; also known as Anama) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1494 in 389 families.
 Lombar (Persian: لمبر‎; also known as Lemīr) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 562 in 161 families.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 279.
 Stary Duninów [ˈstarɨ duˈninuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Krydor is a village in Redberry No. 435 Saskatchewan Canada consisting of 25 residents at the 2006 Canada Census. The community's name is a combination of the names of two early settlers Petro Krysak and Teodor Lucyk (KRYsak + teoDOR). Petro Krysak also served as the first postmaster from September 1 1911 to July 7 1913.
 Przedmość [ˈpʂɛdmɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Praszka 25 km (16 mi) north of Olesno and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has an approximate population of 650.
 Sar Daq (Persian: سردق‎; also known as Zardak) is a village in Sar Daq Rural District Yunesi District Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1163 in 277 families.
 Esenboğaz Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Czerniaków [t͡ʂɛrˈɲakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Goszczanów 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 62 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lisia Góra [ˈliɕa ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Trnava is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2237 people.
 Estil (Persian: اسطل‎ also Romanized as Estīl; also known as Darreh Estīl and Darreh-ye Estīl) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 23 families.
 Bielanka [bjɛˈlaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raba Wyżna within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Raba Wyżna 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Nowy Targ and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Başaran is a village in the District of Eskil Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Dehnagareh (Persian: دهنگره‎) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Song Khê is a commune (xã) and village in Yên Dũng District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 905 in 226 families.
 Chojnówek [xɔi̯ˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Grajewo and 79 km (49 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ura Estonia is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Pieńki Królewskie [ˈpjɛɲki kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 43 km (27 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.The village is a home of amateur football club RUCH Pieńki Królewskie which has only youth section.
 Crnetići (Cyrillic: Црнетићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jaworowa [javɔˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Raszyn 11 km (7 mi) east of Pruszków and 9 km (6 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 750.
 Haryan (Persian: هريان‎ also Romanized as Haryān and Harīyān) is a village in Razan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1455 in 339 families.
 Hirabad (Persian: هيراباد‎ also Romanized as Hīrābād) is a village in Khararud Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 59 families.
 Kuthenkuly or Kuthenkuli (tamil கூத்தன்குழி ) is a village in Tamil Nadu India. It is in the Radhapuram taluk of Tirunelveli district. It gets it name from kuthen which means the Hindu god Shiva who does kazhi nadanam or cosmic dance.After the period of St Francis Xavier in 1542 many of the inhabitants converted to Catholicism. This village is belongs to Tuticorin Diocese.
 Ghongadikoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Badegau is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5879 and had 1130 houses in the village.
 Babak Station (Persian: ايستگاه بابك‎ – Īstgāh-e Bābak) is a village and railway station in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 19 families.
 Bogdanki [bɔɡˈdanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniec within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Poniec 10 km (6 mi) west of Gostyń and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Spasovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Husainābād) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 519 in 125 families.
 Dhanwang is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3750 people living in 708 individual households.
 Siekierowice [ɕɛkʲɛrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 390.
 Yahyaabad (Persian: يحيي اباد‎ also Romanized as Yaḩyáābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tayab (Persian: تاياب‎ also Romanized as Tāyāb) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 30 families.
 Ollelewa is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Pointe-Lebel is a village municipality in the Côte-Nord region of Quebec Canada. Its territory makes up the western half of the Manicouagan Peninsula between the mouths of the Outardes and Manicouagan Rivers.
 Pedase is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Baba Kandi (Persian: باباكندي‎ also Romanized as Bābā Kandī; also known as Bābā Kandī Kūh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 38 families.
 Bhanada is a panchayat village in Gujarat India. Administratively it is under Abdasa Taluka Kutch District Gujarat. The village of Bhanada is the only village in Bhanada gram panchayat. It is 12 km by road southeast of the town of Naliya along National Highway 8A and 11 km along the same road northwest of the village of Kothara.
 Qasrik (Persian: قصريك‎ also Romanized as Qaşrīk) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 40 families.
 Quzlujeh (Persian: قوزلوجه‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūjeh) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 16 families.
 Piaskowiec [pjasˈkɔvjɛt͡s] (German Sandenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Taya is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Wólka Kańska-Kolonia [ˈvulka ˈkaɲska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Makhazen Naft (Persian: مخازن نفت‎ also Romanized as Makhāzen Naft) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 313 in 79 families.
 Nallajerla or Nallejerla is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Nallajerla mandal is a part of Gopalapuram constituency.It is 21KM away from Tadepalligudem and located exactly in between Eluru and Rajahmundry..The following is the list of village panchayats in Nallajerla mandal.
 Przydawki [pʂɨˈdafki] is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 80. From 1975 to 1998 this village was in Siedlce Voivodeship.
 Kencharamanahal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Qaleh-ye Sadri (Persian: قلعه صدرئ‎) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 65 families.
 Sar Tang (Persian: سرتنگ‎) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 20 families.
 Kierzno [ˈkʲɛʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlisko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Siedlisko 16 km (10 mi) east of Nowa Sól and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Rozmarynów [rɔzmaˈrɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Żerków 15 km (9 mi) north of Jarocin and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Arabhavi-Dhavalatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Päraküla is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish Viljandi County in central Estonia. It has a population of 107 (as of 2009).
 Saš is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 42 people.
 Katahariya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4619 people living in 835 individual households.
 Gorgab (Persian: گرگاب‎ also Romanized as Gorgāb; also known as Gurgāb and Gurgāb Karīmābād) is a village in Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4859 in 1252 families.
 Sar Kahriza (Persian: سركهريزا‎ also Romanized as Sar Kahrīzā; also known as Sar Kahzā) is a village in Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 79 families.
 Kodukkur is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Do Kuhak (Persian: دوكوهك‎ also Romanized as Do Kūhak) is a village in Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 60 families.
 Asalu (Persian: عسلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Asalū) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 16 families.
 Tromsi is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Palle Weragama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kariz Now-e Sofla (Persian: كاريزنوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kārīz Now-e Soflá; also known as Kārīz Now) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 701 in 148 families.
 Bieszków Dolny [ˈbjɛʂkuf ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirów within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szydłowiec and 113 km (70 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bose [ˈbɔsɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sejny and 109 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Irządze [iˈʐɔnd͡zɛ] (translation: And I rule) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Jemielno 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Góra and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Beyt-e Khalaf (Persian: بيت خلاف‎ also Romanized as Beyt-e Khalāf) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 28 families.
 Kallavere is a village in Jõelähtme Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 17 km (11 mi) northeast of Tallinn just east of Kallavere the main part the town of Maardu. Kallavere village has a population of 142 (as of 1 January 2010).The village is entirely located on the Rebala Heritage Reserve.Kallavere was first mentioned in the Danish Census Book in 1241.
 Wola Prosperowa [ˈvɔla prɔspɛˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Oporów 11 km (7 mi) east of Kutno and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Przejazd [ˈpʂɛjast] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Głowaczów 12 km (7 mi) west of Kozienice and 80 km (50 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kotha Remalle(i.e.కొత్త రేమల్లె) is a small village which is located in Bapulapadu Mandal Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India. This village has 100 houses (including buildings thatched houses) having a population of 500 people (during the second world war (1939-1944)). Now fifth generation is going on. Like other villages the pond is also located (consists natural fishes).
 Kuijõe is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Chhota Lakshmipur is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Ras al-Maara (Arabic: رأس المعرة) is a Syrian village in the Yabroud District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Ras al-Maara had a population of 8520 in the 2004 census.
 Wólka Ryńska [ˈvulka ˈrɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 51.
 Väljaotsa is a village in Türi Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Wójtowice [vui̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Kłodzko and 98 kilometres (61 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dash Bolagh (Persian: داشبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 44 families.
 Nesar-e Sipeh (Persian: نثارسيپه‎ also Romanized as Nes̱ār-e Sīpeh) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 11 families.
 Kuźnia [ˈkuʑɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocz within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Chocz 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Pleszew and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Aşağısöğütlü is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Vana-Sonda is a village in Sonda Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located about 1.5 km east of Sonda the administrative centre of the parish. Vana-Sonda has a population of 15 (as of 1 January 2010)Tallinn–Tapa–Narva goes through the heart of the village.Vana-Sonda village was established on 29 November 2010 by separating the land from Varinurme village.
 Yenibeyrehatun Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Aleksandrów [alɛkˈsandruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Estakhr-e Pahn (Persian: استخرپهن‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Khvansar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Kolonia Seredzice [kɔˈlɔɲa sɛrɛˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Iłża 29 km (18 mi) south of Radom and 120 km (75 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Maraveneh-ye Chahar (Persian: مراونه چهار‎ also Romanized as Marāvaneh-ye Chahār; also known as Al Marā‘ūneh and Marā‘ūneh) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 18 families.
 Dąbrówczyn [dɔmˈbruft͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Sicienko and 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 40.
 Dulwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mahjerd (Persian: مهجرد‎; also known as Mahjerdū’īyeh and Mehjerdī) is a village in Raviz Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alī Kūrī and Kalāteh-ye Ūrūj) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 19 families.
 Kwiecewo [kfjɛˈt͡sɛvɔ] (German: Queetz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Świątki and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn on Route 530.
 Dybów-Górki [ˈdɨbuf ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Radzymin 10 km (6 mi) north of Wołomin and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Borzęcino [bɔʐɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ] (German: Bornzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Dębnica Kaszubska 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 90 km (56 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 384.
 Esmatabad (Persian: عصمت اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eşmatābād; also known as Shahrak-e Khowrmīz-e Soflá) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 880 in 223 families.
 Mowtowr-e Heybet Naruyi (Persian: موتورهيبت نارويي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Heybet Nārūyī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Javadiyeh-ye Mortazavi (Persian: جواديه مرتضوي‎ also Romanized as Javādīyeh-ye Mortaz̤avī; also known as Javādīyeh) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 92 families.
 Wielątki Rosochate [vjɛˈlɔntki rɔsɔˈxatɛ] is a Polish village in the Gmina Somianka administrative district. The district is found within Wyszków County and the county is part of the Masovian Voivodeship found in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Somianka 11 km (7 mi) northwest of Wyszków and 51 km (32 mi) northeast of Warsaw.
 Frącki [ˈfrɔnt͡skʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Biała Prudnicka 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bytkowice [bɨtkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Böthkenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Koronowo and 20 km (12 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Prusinowice [pruɕinɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Świercze 20 km (12 mi) west of Pułtusk and 54 km (34 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 150.
 Zamanabad-e Mohammadabad (Persian: زمان ابادمحمداباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād-e Moḩammadābād) is a village in Almahdi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 37 families.
 Rostam Beyg (Persian: رستم بيگ‎; also known as Pāzanī Rostam Bak Rostam Begī and Rostam Beyk) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 30 families.
 Andarzi (Persian: اندرزي‎ also Romanized as Andarzī) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 90 families.
 Pataveh-ye Ajam (Persian: پاتاوه اجم‎ also Romanized as Pātāveh-ye Ājam and Pātāveh Ājam) is a village in Ajam Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 19 families.
 Banatsko Novo Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Банатско Ново Село About this sound listen ) is a village in northern Serbia situated in the municipality of Pančevo South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 7416 people who are permanent residents (2002 census).
 Domi Gaz (Persian: دمي گز‎ also Romanized as Domī Gaz and Domey Gaz; also known as Dam-e-Gaz Damīgaz-e Shomālī Dam-i-Gazi and Dom Gazī) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District Bord Khun District Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 17 families.
 Kalvar (Persian: كلوار‎ also Romanized as Kalvār) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Niedźwiedzkie [ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjɛt͡skʲɛ] (German: Niedzwidzken from 1926-45 Bärengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-east of Wieliczki 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Olecko and 139 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 270.
 Junu (Persian: جونو‎ also Romanized as Jūnū) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 23 families.
 Badrabad (Persian: بدراباد‎ also Romanized as Badrābād and Badarābād; also known as Mehrābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Shohada Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 12 families.
 Kal Abdughi (Persian: كل ابدوغي‎ also Romanized as Kal Ābdūghī) is a village in Nargesan Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cheshmeh Kabud (Persian: چشمه كبود‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kabūd) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1589 in 301 families.
 Sansari (सांसरी) is a village located on Phulad-Desuri road. It is panchayat headquarters for 4 villages (Ashapura a.k.a Akar Guda Gopinath Guda Durjan and Sansari). Sansari is located around 65 lm from the district headquarters Pali and 27 km from Tehsil headquarters in Desuri. It is the last village in Desuri Tehsil after which Marwar Junction Tehsil starts. Currently MNREGA office has been opened in Sansari for the villages in Sansari Panchayat.
 Badaki (Persian: بادكي‎ also Romanized as Bādakī) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 818 in 226 families.
 Tah Mangan (Persian: ته منگان‎ also Romanized as Tah Mangān) is a village in Barzanun Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sławoszew [swaˈvɔʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kotlin 13 km (8 mi) east of Jarocin and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Čađavički Lug is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D34 highway.
 Navasar (Persian: ناوسر‎ also Romanized as Nāvasar) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 49 families.
 Hezarta (Persian: هزارتا‎ also Romanized as Hezārtā; also known as Hezārţāq) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 13 families.
 Darjuneh (Persian: دارجونه‎ also Romanized as Dārjūneh) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 667 in 117 families.
 Darbast-e Do (Persian: داربست 2‎ also Romanized as Dārbast-e Do; also known as Dārbast-e Pā’īn) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Miandoab (Persian: مياندواب‎ also Romanized as Mīāndoāb) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Chah-e Jalal (Persian: چاه جلال‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Jalāl; also known as ‘Īsáābād) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 6 families.
 Nawojowa Góra [navɔˈjɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 1896.
 Goślub [ˈɡɔɕlup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Piątek 17 km (11 mi) east of Łęczyca and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cichowo [t͡ɕiˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Krzywiń 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Kościan and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 94.
 Šavrane is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 706 people.
 Tanohata (田野畑村 Tanohata-mura) is a village located in Shimohei District Iwate Japan. As of February 2014 the town had an estimated population of 3582 and a population density of 22.9 persons per km². The total area was 156.19 km².
 Hakimabad (Persian: حكيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩakīmābād) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 32 families.
 Darka Sar (Persian: دركاسر‎ also Romanized as Darkā Sar; also known as Darkeh Sar) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 422 in 106 families.
 Guri Zardallahi (Persian: گوري زردالهي‎ also Romanized as Gūrī Zardāllahī) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 11 families.
 Deveci is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīdābād) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Khardeh-ye Dehqan (Persian: خرده دهقان‎ also Romanized as Khardeh-ye Dehqān; also known as Khar Dehqān Khūr Dehgān Khūr Dehqān Khūr-e Dehgān and Tājābād) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 20 families.
 Mazraeh (Persian: مزرعه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 63 families.
 Yek Lengeh-ye Olya (Persian: يك لنگي عليا‎ also Romanized as Yek Lengeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Yek Lengeh) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 138 families.
 Aqa Bil-e Sofla (Persian: اقابيل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Āqā Bīl-e Soflá; also known as Āqā Bīl-e Pā’īn) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 14 families.
 Mysłakowice [mɨswakɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Erdmannsdorf-Zillerthal) is a village in Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Mysłakowice. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Jelenia Góra and 94 km (58 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 5100.
 Koty [ˈkɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Łomża and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hewlett Bay Park is a village in Nassau County New York in the USA on the South Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2010 Census the village population was 404.The Incorporated Village of Hewlett Bay Park is located within the Town of Hempstead.Hewlett Bay Park ranks at number 18 on the list of Highest-income places in the United States.Hewlett is usually included as one of the Five Towns in the southwestern corner of Nassau County.
 Çimliçayır is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Echilamvayal is a village in the Kannur district of Kerala India located in the western side of Kallan Kunnu (Kallan Hill) on the Payyanur-Pulingome state highway. Echilamvayal is primarily an agriculture area. Most of the farmers cultivate rice coconut arica nut banana and other plantation and horticulture crops.The eastern side of Kallan Hill is primarily ghat areas and the south north and western sides are agricultural lands.
 Nari is a village in the Bhavnagar district of Gujarat India with approximately 18000 people. The residents are mainly involved in agriculture and the diamond business.
 Gol Akhar (Persian: گل آخر‎ also Romanized as Gol Ākhar and Gol Ākher; also known as Gol Ākhūr Gol Ākhvor Kurah Haz and Qara Khar) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 813 in 158 families.
 Kalher (Telugu: కల్హేరు) is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh India.The villages in Kalher includes: KanapurAnthergaon Bachepalle Bibipet 	Hungera Kadpal Kalher Krishnapur Mardi Masanpalle Mubarakpur 	Mungepalle Nagdhar Pochapoor Ramreddipet Raparthy SirgapoorSultanabad
 Barandaq (Persian: برندق‎) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1488 in 381 families.
 Farrokh Dasht (Persian: فرخ دشت‎; also known as Meshkīnābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Bairia is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Janinów [jaˈninuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Pętkowice [pɛntkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 355.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mhasane is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Rajsko [ˈrai̯skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oświęcim within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Oświęcim and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1440.
 Çimiköy is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Lipa (Serbian: Липа) is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Yasti Kand (Persian: ياستي كند‎ also Romanized as Yāstī Kand; also known as Yāsī Kand) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 73 families.
 Nazarlu (Persian: نظرلو‎ also Romanized as Naz̧arlū and Nazarloo; also known as Nadar ‘Ali Nadarlī Nāder ‘Alī and Nāderlī) is a village in Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4984 in 1169 families.Nazarlu is the most populous village in the rural district.
 Rasul-e Sarani (Persian: رسول ساراني‎ also Romanized as Rasūl-e Sārānī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 8 families.
 Shavakand (Persian: شواكند‎ also Romanized as Shavākand and Shewakand) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 51 families.
 Hargla (Võro: Harglõ) is a village in Taheva Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 169.
 Buğra is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Rendville is a village in Perry County Ohio United States. The population was 36 at the 2010 census making it the smallest incorporated community in Ohio. Once a prosperous racially integrated coal-mining town Rendville fell into decline and was profiled in a photo essay in 1956 by Civil Rights era photographer James Karales.
 Mazraeh-ye Tareh Sabzeh Baluch (Persian: مزرعه طرح سبزه بلوچ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ţareḥ Sabzeh Balūch) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zighan (Persian: زيغان‎ also Romanized as Zīghān; also known as Zīqān) is a village in Arudan Rural District in the Central District of Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 100 families.
 Jaszkowo [jaʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sośno 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Nielepice [ɲɛlɛˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zabierzów and 18 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 734.Religions: Roman Catholicism Jehovah's Witnesses (1%).↑
 Stara Wieś [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Rojewo 17 km (11 mi) north of Inowrocław 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Toruń and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Kolbark [ˈkɔlbark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Klucze 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Olkusz and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 510.
 Stary Paczków [ˈstarɨ ˈpat͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Paczków 22 km (14 mi) west of Nysa and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mokhallesun (Persian: مخلصون‎ also Romanized as Mokhalleşūn Mokhlesoon and Mokhleşūn; also known as Mokhannetūn Mokhannetūn Mokhannetūn and Mukhalisun) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 10 families.
 Si Sar Alisharud (Persian: سي سرعليشارود‎ also Romanized as Sī Sar ʿAlīshārūd; also known as Sī Sar) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rebala is a village located in Buchireddipalem mandal of Nellore district Andhra Pradesh India. The village is located about 11KM from Nellore city and 2KM from Buchireddipalem town on the Nellore - Mumbai high-way between Nellore and Buchireddipalem.This Village mainly lives on Agriculture Famous for Rice Sugarcane and Prawn ponds.
 Uluağaç Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Ingyaw is a river village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma. It is located to the east of the town of Kalaymyo.
 Karolewo [karɔˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrcz within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dobrcz and 23 km (14 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 130.
 Tolombeh-ye Behesht (Persian: تلمبه بهشت‎) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hamzehabad-e Olya (Persian: حمزه ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩamzehābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩamzehābād-e Bālā) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 21 families.
 Jaljala is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3637 and had 624 houses in the town.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Chashmeh and Ahmadī) is a village in Jeyhun Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 786 in 176 families.
 Bęczkowice [bɛnt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łęki Szlacheckie 23 km (14 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kanigówek [kaniˈɡuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Ciechanów and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Nehzatabad (Persian: نهضت اباد‎ also Romanized as Nehẕatābād; also known as Deh-e Moḩammad Shāh and Mūsa) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 17 families.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād; also known as Tolombeh-ye Morādābād) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. According to the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Chebenlu (Persian: چبنلو‎ also Romanized as Chebenlū; also known as Chebenī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 16 families.
 Teodorów [tɛɔˈdɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Policzna 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Zwoleń and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Kalkhengak (Persian: كل خنگك‎; also known as Kalkhong and Kalkhūnkag) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 6 families.
 Oporówek [ɔpɔˈruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Radzymin 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Wołomin and 30 km (19 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 290.
 Suure-Rootsi is a village in Pihtla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Vodava is a village in Vaivara Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Akkuyu is a village in the Sarıçam Adana Province Turkey.
 Podmieście [pɔdˈmjɛɕt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sar Seyf (Persian: سرسيف‎) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 15 families.
 Eyshabad (Persian: عيش اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eyshābād; also known as Eshavand and Eshavat) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 103 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 129 families.
 Kolleram is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 20 families.
 Bahadurpur is a Village Development Committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1129 people residing in 202 individual households.
 Buxton is a village in the Demerara-Mahaica Region of Guyana standing about midway between Georgetown and Enmore.
 Glogovik is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 157 people.
 Peyvand-e Sofla (Persian: پيوندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Peyvand-e Soflá; also known as Kalāteh-ye Peyvand and Peyvand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ahaste is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 248 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Laprey Valley is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Tappeh (Persian: تپه‎) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Łaziska [waˈʑiska] is a village in Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łaziska. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Opole Lubelskie and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 560.
 Konar-e Nar (Persian: كنارنر‎ also Romanized as Konār-e Nar) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahak Bazar (Persian: شاهك بازار‎ also Romanized as Shāhak Bāzār; also known as Shāhvak) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 49 families.
 Sahorawa is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5531.
 Storås is a village in the municipality of Meldal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the Orkla River about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northwest of the village of Meldal. For most Norwegians Storås is best known for hosting the annual Storåsfestivalen festival since 2004. The nearest major city is Trondheim.The 0.60-square-kilometre (150-acre) village has a population (2009) of 312. The population density is 520 inhabitants per square kilometre (1300 /sq mi).
 Yélékébougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 288 square kilometers and includes 16 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 7257. The village of Yélékébougou is 30 km north of the town of Kati the chef-lieu of the cercle.
 Kahn-e Sokhtak (Persian: کهن سختک‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Martínkovice (German: Märzdorf) is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located near the border with Poland.
 Francis Creek is a village in Manitowoc County Wisconsin United States. The population was 669 at the 2010 census.
 Nowy Krępiec [ˈnɔvɨ ˈkrɛmpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Khanda Mouda is a village in Jharkhand India. It has a population of nearly 4000.Near by villages are Baharagora Parulia and Kumardubi
 Varbó is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Peguena is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Kafo Faboli in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
 Kuwakot Gandaki is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4580 people living in 759 individual households.
 Jezierzyce Wielkie [jɛʑɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jordanów Śląski within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jordanów Śląski and 34 kilometres (21 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bozhüyük is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Creston is a village in Medina and Wayne counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 2171 at the 2010 census. Creston is served by a branch of the Wayne County Public Library.
 Wielka Kolonia [ˈvjɛlka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mazraeh-ye Mehdiabad (Persian: مزرعه مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mehdīābād; also known as Mazareh and Mazra‘eh) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1304 in 318 families.
 Chenan (Persian: چنان‎ also Romanized as Chenān and Chanān) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 29 families.
 Wijtgaard (West Frisian: Wytgaard) is a small village in Leeuwarden in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 626 citizens (2005).
 Pallikkal (Pallikkal Bazar) is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.Calicut (Karipur) airport is near to Pallikkal.Pallikkal Bazar is around 5 km away from Calicut University and KondottyAMLP School Pallikkal is in pallikkal bazar.
 Wolskie [ˈvɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 20 km (12 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Kielmy [ˈkʲɛlmɨ] (German Köllmen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Stary Dzierzgoń 25 km (16 mi) east of Sztum and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 110.
 Homam (Persian: همام‎ also Romanized as Homām and Hemām; also known as Deh Mūm) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 42 families.
 Khiaraj (Persian: خيارج‎ also Romanized as Khīāraj and Khīyaraj) is a village in Ramand-e Jonubi Rural District Ramand District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1195 in 334 families.
 Ommatlar (Persian: امتلر‎ also Romanized as Amatlar and Ammatlar) is a village in Razan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1968 in 423 families.
 Namileh (Persian: ناميله‎ also Romanized as Nāmīleh; also known as Nāmleh) is a village in Muzaran Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1539 in 400 families.
 Čadinje is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 Bolus (Persian: بلوس‎ also Romanized as Bolūs) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 60 families.
 Samšina is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Somapur (Allapur) is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Strzyżówka [stʂɨˈʐufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Drelów 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Biała Podlaska and 81 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pasynki [paˈsɨŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Zabłudów and 12 km (7 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Guruvarajapet is a village in Vellore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Bresno Polje is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 725 people.
 Abu Tarbeh (Persian: ابوتربه‎ also Romanized as Abū Tarbeh; also known as Abū Taryeh and Bātarbeh) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 103 families.
 Risdal is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Khoshk Rud (Persian: خشكرود‎ also Romanized as Khoshk Rūd; also known as Khoshkeh Rood Khoshkeh Rūd Khoshke Rūd and Khushkrūd) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khvansar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 79 families.
 Gowlak (Persian: گولك‎) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 12 families.
 Zalesice [zalɛˈɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Sulejów 4 km (2 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mūrmuiža is a village in Beverīna municipality Latvia. Mūrmuiža had 497 residents as of 2006.
 Galu (Persian: گلو‎ also Romanized as Galū) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 16 families.
 Rybaki [rɨˈbaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kızılhisar is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Akbaş is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 823 people.
 Surowa [suˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Borowa 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Mielec and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Słupia [ˈswupja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rujkovac is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 Bizhanabad (Persian: بيژن اباد‎ also Romanized as Bīzhanābād) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brekovi is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bangre is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1776 people living in 350 individual households.
 Aqilabad (Persian: عقيل اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Aqīlābād; also known as Aghil Abad) is a village in Sedeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1571 in 441 families.
 Vučadelce is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 50 people.
 Kisbudmér is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād; also known as Ḩājīmaḩalleh) is a village in Mir Shams ol Din Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1810 in 508 families.
 Pedda Gopathi is a village in India's Andhra Pradesh state in the Khammam district. It is famous for Agriculture and was founded in 1857. It has a population around 10000 people.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1719 in 370 families.
 Bialiki [bjaˈliki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kolno and 93 km (58 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 207.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād) is a village in Raz Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Kałków [ˈkau̯kuf] (German: Kalkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Otmuchów 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Nysa and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 620.
 Słomianka [swɔˈmjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Tykocin and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Luhara is a village of Chaprauli Vidhan Sabha ( Hindi: विधान सभा) or the ' Legislative Assembly' .It is famous for Banasura temple in the heart of village.It's name combinely called Sherpur Luhara. Sherpur is nearby village of Luhara. All religion people lived here . In recent its majority in jat people. It is come under the tehsil of Baraut.
 Borowskie Skórki [bɔˈrɔfskʲɛ ˈskurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Turośń Kościelna and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Changul (Persian: چنگول‎ also Romanized as Changūl) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 24 families.
 Nilkantha Nepal is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1975 and had 9667 houses in it.
 Ardhin (Persian: اردهين‎ also Romanized as Ardhīn and Ardahīn; also known as Ardehen and Ūrd-ī-Hūn) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 809 in 151 families.
 Gowd-e Banushir (Persian: گودبنوشير‎ also Romanized as Gowd-e Banūshīr; also known as Gowd-e Banashīr) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Sudół [ˈsuduu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Brzozowica Mała [bʐɔzɔˈvit͡sa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąkolewnica Wschodnia within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north of Radzyń Podlaski and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Shivanoor is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gazaki (Persian: گزكي‎ also Romanized as Gazakī) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Senokos is a village in Simitli Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.Senokos Nunatak on Trinity Peninsula in Antarctica is named after the village.
 Wodacz [ˈvɔdat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wodzisław 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Luther is a village in Lake County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 318 at the 2010 census. The village is on the boundary between Newkirk Township on the west and Ellsworth Township on the east with about half of the village in each. It is the site of Hillsdale College's G.H. Gordon Biological Research Station.
 Dahirak (Persian: دهيرك‎ also Romanized as Dahīrak and Dehīrak; also known as Dahrak Dīrak and Dīrak Dap) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 373 in 87 families.
 Jesionka [jɛˈɕɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Sompolno 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Konin and 106 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 160.
 Lipka [ˈlipka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Kalisz and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 220.
 Qatar Gaz-e Gadali (Persian: قطارگزگدعلي‎ also Romanized as Qaţār Gaz-e Gadʿalī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Komorów [kɔˈmɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Stąporków 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Końskie and 23 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 610.
 Khalfehlu (Persian: خلفلو‎ also Romanized as Khalfehlū Khalaflū and Khalfalū; also known as Khalaf-Ali) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 26 families.
 Javadieh (Persian: جواديه‎ also Romanized as Javādīeh; also known as Chambar Ghorbāl) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 121 families.
 Topola Mała [tɔˈpɔla ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1200.
 Hasan Salaran (Persian: حسن سالاران‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Sālārān) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 35 families.
 Wyrandy [vɨˈrandɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Purda and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Isaluy-e Zemi (Persian: عيسي لوي زمي‎ also Romanized as ‘Īsálūy-e Zemī; also known as ‘Īsálū-ye Z̄emī) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 24 families.
 Abdol Karimi (Persian: عبدالكريمي‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdol Karīmī and ‘Abd ol Karīmī) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kocięcin-Brodowy [kɔˈt͡ɕent͡ɕin brɔˈdɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Raciąż 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 89 km (55 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Dąbrówki [dɔmˈbrufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Głowaczów 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 65 km (40 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 60.
 Trofimówka [trɔfiˈmufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Janów 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Heer is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Kalateh-ye Shahidan (Persian: كلاته شهيدان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Shahīdān; also known as Kalāteh-ye Qāderī) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District Atamalek District Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 66 families.
 Błędowa Tyczyńska [bwɛnˈdɔva tɨˈt͡ʂɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Khar Eshgaft (Persian: خراشگفت‎ also Romanized as Khareh Eshgaft and Khar Eshkaft; also known as Karreh Shekāf) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 24 families.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Gabri (Persian: گابري‎ also Romanized as Gābrī) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 14 families.
 Komorowo Żuławskie [kɔmɔˈrɔvɔ ʐuˈwafskʲɛ] (German: Kämmersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Elbląg and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 170.
 Dombagammana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tverrelvdalen (Kven: Fallijoki) is a village area in the Tverrelvdalen valley in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is a suburb to the southeast of the town of Alta. The river Tverrelva runs through the valley and village area. The 0.49-square-kilometre (120-acre) village area has a population (2012) of 354 which gives the village a population density of 722 inhabitants per square kilometre (1870 /sq mi). The Tverrelvdalen IL sports club is based here.
 Homaabad-e Olya (Persian: هماابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Homāābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Hamābād-e ‘Olyā Hamamābād Homāābād-e Bālā Homābād-e Bālā Homābād-e ‘Olyā Homabad Olya and Humābād Bāla) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 78 families.
 Vaneshan (Persian: وانشان‎ also Romanized as Vāneshān and Vānshān; also known as Barmshān and Vanishan) is a village in Nivan Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 624 in 233 families.
 Pipra is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Varcham (Persian: ورچم‎; also known as Khar Cham) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Bulung is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2128 people living in 455 individual households.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 21 families.
 Kadamangudi is a village in Thanjavur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu situated along the river Kollidam. It consists of just over 100 families. It is surrounded by the river Kollidam which flows through here in north village of Veerakkan in the south village of Koothanur to the east and village of Ayyanallur to the west.It is situated 300 km from the state capital Chennai and 18 km from the nearest big town Kumbakonam.
 Hotovlje is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Erenli is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 347 people.
 Cztery Słupy [ˈt͡ʂtɛrɨ ˈswupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Białochowo [bjawɔˈxɔvɔ] (German: Burg Belchau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogóźno within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Rogóźno 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Grudziądz and 60 km (37 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 580.
 Ardi Musa (Persian: ارديموسي‎ also Romanized as Ardī Mūsá; also known as Īrdī Mūsá Erdī Mūsá and Īrd Mūsī) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 725 in 158 families. Cities towns and places near Ardi Musa include Kolur.The closest major cities include Ardabil Tabriz Rasht and Zanjan.
 Katusice is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Alapadamba is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Kunów [ˈkunuf] (German: Kuhnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sobótka and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kavşıt is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 558 people.
 Geli Tabeh (Persian: گلي تابه‎ also Romanized as Gelī Tābeh) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karuji (Persian: كروجي‎ also Romanized as Karūjī) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Malenia [maˈlɛɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Buczek 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Łask and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kohnak (Persian: كهنك‎ also Romanized as Kohonak; also known as Kahnag Kāhūnak Kohang and Kūhānak) is a village in Choghamish Rural District Choghamish District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1520 in 279 families.
 Zeyti-ye Seh (Persian: زيتيسه‎ also Romanized as Zeytī-ye Seh; also known as Zeytī) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 14 families.
 Szczygłów [ˈʂt͡ʂɨɡwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupice within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wieliczka and 20 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sudzin [ˈsud͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Żytno 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 98 km (61 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bidesk (Persian: بيدسك‎ also Romanized as Bīdesk and Bīdisk; also known as Bīd’īk) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 53 families.
 Giriyal Kariyat Bagewadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Thalla is a village near Nagar Tehsil Phillaur Jalandhar district in Punjab India.
 Qayesh (Persian: قايش‎ also Romanized as Qāyesh; also known as Ghayesh and Qaīsh Tepe) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1385 in 323 families.
 Sadat-e Gharbi (Persian: سادات غربي‎ also Romanized as Sādāt-e Gharbī) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Komorze Przybysławskie [kɔˈmɔʐɛ pʂɨbɨˈswafskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Żerków 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Darreh Mahi Sofla (Persian: دره ماهي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Māhī Soflá and Darreh Māhī-ye Soflá; also known as Darreh Māhī-ye Pā’īn and Darreh Māhī-ye Pā‘īn) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 22 families.
 The Mahadeva Temple is located in the town of Itagi in Yalburga Taluk in the Koppal District of Karnataka state India. It is about 7 km (4 mi) from Kuknur and 20 km (12 mi) from Lakkundi.
 Kapice-Lipniki [kaˈpit͡sɛ lipˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tykocin and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 90.
 Amandów [aˈmanduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pietrowice Wielkie within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Pietrowice Wielkie 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Racibórz and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 160.
 Biestrzyków [bjɛsˈtʂɨkuf] (German: Eckersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Święta Katarzyna and 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Markowice [markɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Strzelno 19 km (12 mi) east of Mogilno 46 km (29 mi) south-west of Toruń and 49 km (30 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.It was the birthplace (1848) of the well-known German Classical Philologist Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff born of a German aristocratic family.
 Bicz-Ostatki [ˈbit͡ʂ ɔsˈtatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Pécsudvard is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Tolombeh-ye Nezhad Sabeqi Zhand-e Do (Persian: تلمبه نژاد سابقي ژند 2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Nezhād Sābeqī Zhand-e Do) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Skromnica [skrɔmˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Ozorków 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 150.
 Moshare (Persian: مشارع‎ also Romanized as Moshāre‘) is a village in Gharb-e Karun Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hajji Kandi (Persian: حاجي كندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kandī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 74 families.
 Vazgestan (Persian: وزگستان‎ also Romanized as Vazgestān) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 18 families.
 Garbary [ɡarˈbarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Rankalkoppa is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gierałtowiczki [ɡʲɛrau̯tɔˈvit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieprz within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Wadowice and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 460.
 Largheh-ye Sofla (Persian: لرغه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Largheh-ye Soflá) is a village in Murmuri Rural District Kalat District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Deiannewela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kalateh-ye Sadat-e Bala (Persian: كلاته سادات بالا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sādāt-e Bālā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Sādāt Mehr and Kalāteh-ye Sādāt) is a village in Bashtin Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 49 families.
 Sabz Gaz-e Sofla (Persian: سبزگزسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sabz Gaz-e Soflá; also known as Sabz Gaz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 27 families.
 Shavon-e Sofla (Persian: شاون سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shāvon-e Soflá; also known as Shadoon Sofla Shaun Shāvon and Shāvon-e Pā’īn) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Khalifabad (Persian: مزرعه خليف اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khalīfābād) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qabakh (Persian: قاباخ‎ also Romanized as Qābākh) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 72 families.
 Bogdałów-Kolonia [bɔɡˈdawuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Brudzew 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Turek and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Thungathurthy is a historically important village in the Nalgonda district. It was notable mainly for many social revolutions that have taken place during the 'Freedom movement' of India.
 Udakottamulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Zaborze [zaˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in Gmina Chybie Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 1005 (2008). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.It was first mentioned in a written document in 1574. Originally called Podpierściec probably of its vicinity with the village Pierściec.
 Tutgan (Persian: توتگان‎ also Romanized as Tūtgān; also known as Tūtekān and Tūt Tagān) is a village in Olya Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 49 families.
 Seoce is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 115 people.
 Przechody [pʂɛˈxɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Gródek and 21 km (13 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Jakubowo [jakuˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Panchkhuwadeurali is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2422.
 Gownjuk-e Sofla (Persian: گون جوك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gownjūk-e Soflá; also known as Dar Ganjak Dar Ganjak-e Pā’īn Dar Gonjak-i-Pāīn Dar Goujak Gavanjūk-e Pā’īn and Gavanjūk Soflá) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 21 families.
 Jardum is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Rudno (German: Ruden) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The town has 226 inhabitants (2002)
 Lisice [liˈɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Siveleh (Persian: سيوله‎ also Romanized as Sīveleh and Sivaleh) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 43 families.
 Hasasaneh-ye Pain (Persian: حساسنه پائين‎ also Romanized as Ḩasāsaneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 30 families.
 Eskan (Persian: اسكان‎ also Romanized as Eskān) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 149 families.
 Khadra' (Arabic: الخضرا‎) is a village in the District of Jabal al Akhdar in north-eastern Libya. It's located 35 km south of Bayda.
 Koothali is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kamienica Polska [kamjɛˈnit͡sa ˈpɔlska] is a village in Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kamienica Polska. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Częstochowa and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1456.
 Skomlin [ˈskɔmlin] is a village in Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Skomlin. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Wieluń and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1656.
 Łopiennik Dolny [wɔˈpjɛnnik ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopiennik Górny within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Łopiennik Górny 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Krasnystaw and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Siavan Mahalleh (Persian: سياوان محله‎ also Romanized as Sīāvān Maḩalleh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 62 families.
 Karanganom is a subdistrict in Indonesia. It is located in the Klaten Regency in Central Java.
 Kazemabad-e Panjshanbeh (Persian: كاظم ابادپنجشنبه‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād-e Panjshanbeh and Kāz̧emābād-e Panj Shanbeh; also known as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1081 in 260 families.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmāʿīlābād; also known as Esmāeelābād) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cham-e Borzu (Persian: چم برزو‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Borzū and Cham Borzū) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 71 families.
 Zsámbok is a village and commune in the comitatus of Pest County Hungary.
 Kłosów [ˈkwɔsuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Samanlı is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 292 people.
 Talu Sar Mahalleh (Persian: تلوسرمحله‎ also Romanized as Talū Sar Maḩalleh; also known as Talosarmaḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 56 families.
 Lipówiec [liˈpuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Ojrzeń 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Ciechanów and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Prilepac is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 499 people.
 Deh-e Siyahan-e Sofla (Persian: ده سياهان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sīyāhān-e Soflá) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Choja [ˈxɔja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Zbuczyn 12 km (7 mi) east of Siedlce and 99 km (62 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 160.
 Tus-e Olya (Persian: طوس عليا‎ also Romanized as Ţūs-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shahr-e Ţūs-e Bālā Shahr-e Ţūs and Shahr-e Tūs-e Bālāo) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 121 families.
 Majków Duży [ˈmai̯kuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Wola Krzysztoporska 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rogóźno [rɔˈɡuʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1300.
 Łętownia-Gościniec [wɛnˈtɔvɲa ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕiɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna within Leżajsk County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 592.
 Miniszew [miˈniʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Żerków 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Farnam is a village in Dawson County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lexington Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 171 at the 2010 census.
 Ugory [uˈɡɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Józefów nad Wisłą 20 km (12 mi) south of Opole Lubelskie and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Do Ab (Persian: دواب‎ also Romanized as Do Āb; also known as Do Āb-e Kūr Shūrāb) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 260 in 63 families.
 Ochotnik [ɔˈxɔtnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) east of Radomsko and 76 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kalateh-ye Khuni (Persian: كلاته خوني‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khūnī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩūnī) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Kurznie [ˈkuʐɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Fowlerville is a village in Livingston County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located in the northeast portion of Handy Township but is politically independent from the township. The population was 2886 at the 2010 census.Fowlerville is home to several notable events such as Christmas in the village Fowlerville Fair and Easy Riders.
 Sýkořice is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tomsenati (Persian: تم سنتي‎ also Romanized as Tomsenatī) is a village in Ramkan Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 38 families. The village suffered heavily in the 2005 Qeshm earthquake.
 Möcklö is a village in Karlskrona Municipality Blekinge County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 105 people.
 Chahar Borj-e Olya (Persian: چهاربرج عليا‎ also Romanized as Chahār Borj-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 19 families.
 Vadakkumkara is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Gorzyczany [ɡɔʐɨˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Samborzec 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 590.
 Starnin [ˈstarnin] (German: Sternin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Rymań 24 km (15 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Amaua is a village in the southeast of Tutuila Island American Samoa. It is located on the north shore of Faga'itua Bay between Alega and Faga'itua.
 Qeshlaq-e Owch Ali Savad (Persian: قشلاق اوچ دره سواد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Owch Darreh Savād) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Przeździecko-Mroczki [pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ ˈmrɔt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Galeh Khar (Persian: گله خر‎ also Romanized as Galleh Khar) is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 35 families.
 Heydarabad-e Nurali (Persian: حيدرآباد نورعلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Nūrʿalī; also known simply as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piętno [ˈpjɛntnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuliszków within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Tuliszków 11 km (7 mi) west of Turek and 107 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 450.
 Karsko [ˈkarskɔ] (German: Karzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nowogródek Pomorski 17 km (11 mi) east of Myślibórz and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1200.
 Kijevac is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 54 people.
 Sankeshwar (R) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Huseinovići (Cyrillic: Хусеиновићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kothur is a village and a mandal in Mahbubnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Gazneh Kola (Persian: گزنه كلا‎ also Romanized as Gazneh Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 24 families.
 Poggio Casalino is a village (curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the municipality (castello) of Chiesanuova.
 Lubnów [ˈlubnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Pokój 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Guzoni Tappeh (Persian: گوزني تپه‎ also Romanized as Gūzonī Tappeh) is a village in Aqabad Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 65 families.
 Grotniki [ɡrɔtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Włoszakowice 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Leszno and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 530.
 Alabujanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Maddur taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 Deykudarkhalk (Persian: ديكودارخلك‎ also Romanized as Deyḵūdārkhalḵ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Tokhm-e Balut-e Sofla (Persian: تخم بلوطسفلي‎ also Romanized as Tokhm-e Balūţ-e Soflá; also known as Varkabūd) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 468 in 99 families.
 Horagahapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Marivani-ye Kakiha (Persian: مريواني كاكيها‎ also Romanized as Marīvānī-ye Kakīhā; also known as Marīvān-e Kahīhā Marīvān-e Kākīhā Marīvānī Mariwāni and Meriwāni) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 23 families.
 Gowdu (Persian: گودو‎ also Romanized as Gowdū) is a village in Qaleh Qazi Rural District Qaleh Qazi District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 99 families.
 Ahu Barand (Persian: اهوبرند‎ also Romanized as Āhū Barand) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kheyran Bareh (Persian: خيران بره‎ also Romanized as Kheyrān Bareh; also known as Kheylāv Berah) is a village in Boluran Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 53 families.
 Baranowo [baraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Mikołajki 11 km (7 mi) east of Mrągowo and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Iraga-varam is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Located 7 km from tanuku
 Maniów Mały [ˈmaɲuf ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mietków and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Zarzecze [zaˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluki within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kluki 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Iroopara is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Tignamar is a village in the Arica and Parinacota Region Chile.
 Darband-e Guyilagh (Persian: دربند گويلاغ‎ also Romanized as Darband-e Gūyīlāgh; also known as Darband) is a village in Rudshur Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Divraz (Persian: ديورز‎ also Romanized as Dīvraz) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 95 families.
 Chakmeh Zar (Persian: چكمه زر‎) is a village in Aland Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 490 in 85 families.
 Damirchi (Persian: دميرچي‎ also Romanized as Damīrchī) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 16 families.
 Różanka-Leśniczówka [ruˈʐanka lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Koziczyn [kɔˈʑit͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 20.
 Yengejeh (Persian: ينگجه‎; also known as Yengījeh) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 59 families.
 Mowtowr-e Nur Mohammad Qanbari Chah Hasan (Persian: موتورنورمحمدقنبري چاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nūr Moḩammad Qanbarī Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 57 families.
 Zementsi is a village in the municipality of Krushari in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Kerk (Persian: كرك‎) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 163 families.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Milejewo 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Elbląg and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 190.
 Dilanchi-ye Olya (Persian: ديلانچي عليا‎ also Romanized as Dīlānchī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Dīlānchī) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 19 families.
 Gaj (Serbian: Гај) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sceptre is a village in southwestern Saskatchewan with a population of 99 as of the 2006 census.The former school was reopened in 1988 as the Great Sandhills Museum with exhibits showcasing the area's natural and human history.The village is home to various works of public art including cartoon-like fire hydrants murals and the world's largest metal wheat sculpture.
 Abgarm (Persian: ابگرم‎ also Romanized as Ābgarm) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District Lalehzar District Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.These results can not be fully credited because of their old age.
 Gazhak (Persian: گزهك‎) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 118 families.
 Follafoss is a village in the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 0.8-square-kilometre (200-acre) village has a population (2011) of 402 a population density of 503 inhabitants per square kilometre (1300 /sq mi).Follafoss is in the middle of the Beitstadfjorden the inner-most arm of the Trondheimsfjord about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) southwest of the municipal center of Malm and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of Verrastranda.
 Mohoriyakot is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2564 people living in 512 individual households.
 Kheyrabad-e Gohar (Persian: خيرابادگهر‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e Gohar and Kheyrābād-e Gahar; also known as Khairābād and Kheyrābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 638 in 122 families.
 Waplewo-Osiedle [vaˈplɛvɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Stary Targ 12 km (7 mi) east of Sztum and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Meszna [ˈmɛʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Słupca and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chah-e Hoseyn Asadiyan (Persian: چاه حسين اسديان‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩoseyn Āsdīyān) is a village in Karkevand Rural District in the Central District of Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vivva is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Kostomłoty Drugie [kɔstɔmˈwɔtɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedziana Góra within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Miedziana Góra and 6 km (4 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 1522.
 Tarkeh Deh (Persian: تركه ده‎) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 13 families.
 Sarkam (Persian: سركم‎) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Jamiołki-Kowale [jaˈmjɔu̯ki kɔˈvalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sokoły 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 80.
 Shorang Rang (Persian: شرانگ رنگ‎ also Romanized as Shorāng Rang; also known as Shīrang) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 25 families.
 Choqyurt (Persian: چقيورت‎ also Romanized as Choqyūrt; also known as Chūghrūb and Chūqrūb) is a village in Cheshmeh Langan Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 610 in 143 families.
 Błotnica [bwɔtˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoty Stok within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Złoty Stok 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 73 kilometres (45 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dzielawy [d͡ʑeˈlavɨ] (German Dzielau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polska Cerekiew within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Polska Cerekiew 20 km (12 mi) south of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 171.
 Faz (Persian: فاز‎ also Romanized as Fāz; also known as Pāz and Bāzh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 688 in 193 families.
 Malekabad (Persian: مالك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ballı (formerly Eleksi) is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is at 36°53′N 33°37′E to the northeast of Mut. The distance to Mut is 50 kilometres (31 mi) and to Mersin is 215 kilometres (134 mi). Population of Ballı was 462as of 2011. as of 2011. It is a high altitude and rather secluded village with insufficient farming land. Main economic activity is animal breeding. But cereals and apple are also produced.
 Moraskhun-e Sofla (Persian: مراسخون سفلي‎ also Romanized as Morāskhūn-e Soflá) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 683 in 130 families.
 Amminbhavi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.It is one of the fast developing villages in the Belgaum district.The geographical area is small. Since 2000 the literacy rate is increasing. It was 15% in 1985 20% in 1990 25% in 1995 30% in 2000 40% in 2005 and now (2011) it has reached 58%.The number of graduates is increasing year by year.
 Grudów [ˈɡruduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tovarnica (Cyrillic: Товарница) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Crkvine is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 136 people.
 Mohsenabad-e Pain (Persian: محسن ابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Moḩsenābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 545 in 154 families.
 Księstwo [ˈkɕɛ̃stfɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Aleksandrów Łódzki 8 km (5 mi) west of Zgierz and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 170.
 Arihal (Urdu: ﺁريهل) is a village in Pulwama District of Jammu and Kashmir India.
 Zardui (Persian: زردويي‎ also Romanized as Zardū’ī; also known as Ravān Ravān-e Zardowī Ravān-e Zardū’ī Ravān Zardū’ī Ravān Zardū’ī and Rawān Zarūdeh) is a village in Makvan Rural District Bayangan District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1078 in 258 families.
 Mauryców [mauˈrɨt͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Zelów 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Palamut (Greek: Δρυϊνοχώρι Dryïnochṓri ) is a village in the district of Şarköy Tekirdağ Province Turkey. It is thirty kilometres from the town of Şarköy. The primarily occupation is as a farmer. The village has a drinking water supply system but no sewer system. There is a branch post office. Electricity and telephone service are available.The population of the village has been declining. In 1985 it was 113 in 1997 it was 73 in 2000 it was 63 and as of 2011 the population was 44.
 Salmanabad (Persian: سلمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Salmānābād) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Mashhad-e Morghab District Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Akhyan-e Kuchek (Persian: اخيان كوچك‎ also Romanized as Akhyān-e Kūchek) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Seyyed Hoseyn (Persian: سيدحسين‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩoseyn; also known as Seyyed Ḩasan) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 12 families.
 Hwein is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Rostki Skomackie [ˈrɔstki skɔˈmat͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Payamdüzü is a village in Çemişgezek district of Tunceli Province Turkey. At 38°58′N 38°59′E it is situated at the north of the Keban Dam resorvoir. Distance to Çemişgezek is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) and to Tunceli is 110 kilometres (68 mi). The population of Payamdüzü is 565 as of 2011. The original name of the village was Sinsor which was changed to Payamdüzü (literally Almond plains) in 1947 upon the suggestion of Kâzım Karabekir. The main economic activity of the village is cattle breeding.
 Dehgah (Persian: دهگاه‎ also Romanized as Dehgāh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Varpey (Persian: ورپي‎; also known as Varī Pey) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 6 families.
 Atabak (Persian: اتابك‎ also Romanized as Atābak; also known as Atābak-e Karbāl) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 97 families.
 Piętacz [ˈpjɛntat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czarnia [ˈt͡ʂarɲa] is a village in Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czarnia. It lies approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 127 km (79 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Zochcinek [zɔxˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Opatów and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 250.
 Gietki [ˈɡʲɛtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Kolno and 92 km (57 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 200.
 Fasharud (Persian: فشارود‎ also Romanized as Fashārūd; also known as Feshār Rūd) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 42 families.
 Mahmutoğlan Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Hoà Lợi is a commune (xã) and village in Hồng Dân District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Gulenovci is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 60 people.
 Koyunlar Yenipazar is a village in the District of Yenipazar Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 398 people.
 Embalam (Tamil: ஏம்பலம்) is a panchayat village in Nettapakkam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry India.
 Cheshmeh-ye Gav (Persian: چشمه گاو‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Gāv Chashmeh Gav and Chashmeh-i-Gav) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 15 families.
 Ivankovac is a village in the municipality of Ćuprija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 Terlików [tɛrˈlikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sarnaki 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Łosice and 134 km (83 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 150.
 Amereh (Persian: امره‎ also Romanized as Āmereh and Āmareh) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 54 families.
 Rzeck [ʐɛt͡sk] (German: Ridbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Biskupiec and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Folurd (Persian: فلورد‎ also Romanized as Folūrd and Felūrd) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 93 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Azna Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 20 families.
 Kakkeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sheridan is a village in Montcalm County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 649 at the 2010 census. The village is located at the corners of four townships and incorporates land from each: Evergreen Township to the northeast Bushnell Township to the southeast Fairplain Township to the southwest and Sidney Township to the northwest.In 1851 Louis Lovell recorded an entry for land here and John W. Winsor built the first business a sawmill. A shingle-mill owner Erastus P.
 Air Force Housing Khuzestan (Persian: منازل نيروئ هوايي‎ – Manāzel Nīrūy Havāyī) is a village and military housing in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 42 families.
 Goutoungadoni is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Kalateh-ye Ali Khan (Persian: كلاته علي خان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Alī Khān) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Lipka [ˈlipka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolsko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Nowa Sól and 31 km (19 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Knežci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 78.
 Qezeljeh (Persian: قزلجه‎; also known as Kyzyldzha Qezelcheh and Qizilja) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 18 families.
 Thiruvazhiyad is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the Ayiloor gram panchayat.
 Białebłoto-Kobyla [bjawɛˈbwɔtɔ kɔˈbɨla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Neduvathoor is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Wiewiórki [vjɛˈvjurki] (German: Eichhorn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Górowo Iławeckie 16 km (10 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Dhorphirdi is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10433 people living in 1915 individual households.
 Bopana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Palle Aludeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chah-e Qani Corrin (Persian: چاه غنی‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 8 families.
 Mzurowa [mzuˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Sobków 11 km (7 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Badancar is a village in the Oio Region of northern Guinea-Bissau. It is located to the south of Dungal Guinea-Bissau.
 Kuthpady is a village in the Udupi District in the state of Karnataka on the west coast of India. Kuthpady is located 4.5 km from the town of Udupi around 11 km from Manipal around 10 km from Malpe Port and beach.Kuthpady is in Udupi taluk of Udupi district.
 Abelvær is a village in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on a small island at the mouth of the Foldafjord. The village areas of Ramsta and Steine lie just to the northeast of Abelvær. There is a road connection to the mainland from Abelvær.
 Kullimaa Pärnu County is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.
 Nahara Rigoul is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4931.
 Śródborze [ɕrudˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ożarów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Opatów and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 140.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Adamów 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Łuków and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 190.
 Mowtowr-e Musa Bamri (Persian: موتور موسي بامري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mūsá Bāmrī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Duh Darrehsi (Persian: دوه دره سي‎ also Romanized as Dūh Darrehsī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Sae is a village in Rägavere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Darreh Esbar (Persian: دره اسبر‎ also Romanized as Darreh Esbar Dar Āspar Darreh Espar and Darreh-ye Aspar) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 53 families.
 Kujundžijevići (Serbian: Кујунџијевићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Subotica (Serbian: Суботица) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 715 people.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Vandadeh Rural District Meymeh District Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 7 families.
 Donji Potočari is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lol Lol Peul is a Senegalese village located in the town of Louga Louga Region.
 Mohammadabad-e Ali Akbar Khan (Persian: محمد آباد علي اكبر خان‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e ‘Alī Akbar Khān) is a village in Seylatan Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 11 families.
 Hampovica is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Karatepe is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pothanikkad or Pothanicad is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.It's also the first village to achieve 100% literacy in India. The name derives from the Malayalam words poth meaning buffalo anaa meaning elephant and kaddu meaning forest as it was originally a forest with wild buffalos and elephants. Now this small village has developed into one of the most educated and culturally advanced villages in Kerala. St.
 Topiło [tɔˈpiwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Hajnówka and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok. Near Topiło flows river Leśna Prawa.The village has a population of 100.
 Krępa [ˈkrɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorzany within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Jeziorzany 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Lubartów and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Těšovice (Sokolov District) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 30 families.
 Nowe Kichary [ˈnɔvɛ kiˈxarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dwikozy 7 km (4 mi) north of Sandomierz and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Vučak is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 348 people.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 20 families.
 Sinja Glava is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 138 people.
 Afratakhteh (Persian: افراتخته‎ also Romanized as Afrātakhteh) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 66 families.
 Kikół [ˈkikuu̯] (German: Kickelsee) is a village in Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kikół. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lipno and 36 km (22 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 1500.
 Divankhaneh (Persian: ديوانخانه‎ also Romanized as Dīvānkhāneh) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 105 families.
 Muman-e Pain (Persian: مومان پايين‎ also Romanized as Mūmān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 40 families.
 Pinnai Nallur is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Skukovo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Płasków [ˈpwaskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jedlińsk 15 km (9 mi) north of Radom and 77 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Wierzchłowce [vjɛʂˈxwɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Makar (Persian: مكار‎ also Romanized as Makār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 32 families.
 Emamzadeh Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: امامزاده سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Moḩammad; also known as Emāmzādeh Moḩammad) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Węgielnica [vɛŋɡʲɛlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ahmadabad-e Sofla (Persian: احمدابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Soflá; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Pā'īn) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 17 families.
 Qayqalu (Persian: قايقلو‎ also Romanized as Qāyqalū; also known as Ghow Ghlū Gūr-e Sefīd Qūghlū Pā’īn Qūqlī Qūqlū and Qūqlū Gar-e Sefīd) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 8 families.
 Szeligi [ʂɛˈliɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Grkljane is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 468 people.
 Niedaszów [ɲeˈdaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Mściwojów 6 km (4 mi) east of Jawor and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ab Gorg (Persian: ابگرگ‎ also Romanized as Āb Gorg; also known as Āb Gorg-e Bālā Āb Gorg-e ‘Olyā and Āb-i-Gurg) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 106 families.
 Barfabad-e Olya (Persian: برف ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Barfābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Barfābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1343 in 304 families.
 Dar Derafsh-e Seyyed Karim (Persian: داردرفش سيدكريم‎ also Romanized as Dār Derafsh-e Seyyed Karīm) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 11 families.
 Abu Talha (Arabic: ابو طلحة‎; also spelled Abou Talha) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Idlib Governorate located northwest of Idlib near the border with Turkey. Nearby localities include Azmarin to the south Armanaz to the east Salqin to the north and Dalbiyah to the northwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Abu Talha had a population of 1087 in the 2004 census.
 Sheywa is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Çatakören is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 235 people.
 Kiślaki [kiˈɕlaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Mońki and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 100.
 Kaneh Rashid-e Gol Morad (Persian: كنه رشيدگل مراد‎ also Romanized as Kaneh Rashīd-e Gol Morād; also known as Kandrash-e Gol Morād) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 13 families.
 Industrial Sector Borujerd (Persian: شهرك صنعتي بروجرد‎) is a factory and village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Tarzelu (Persian: طرزلو‎ also Romanized as Ţarzelū) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 6 families.
 Tall-e Amanollah (Persian: تل امان اله‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Amānollāh) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Kąty [ˈkɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rawicz and 91 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kodliwad is a village in Dharwad DistrictKundagol talukNorth KarnatakaIndiaKodliwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Cofield is a village in Hertford County North Carolina United States. The population was 347 at the 2000 census.
 Farsijan (Persian: فارسيجان‎ also Romanized as Fārsījān; also known as Pārsegūn) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 44 families.
 Gudzisz [ˈɡud͡ʑiʂ] (German: Kutzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boleszkowice within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Boleszkowice 33 km (21 mi) south-west of Myślibórz and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Stary Bidaczów [ˈstarɨ biˈdat͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 324.
 Hezar Khani-ye Sofla (Persian: هزارخاني سفلي‎ also Romanized as Hezār Khānī-ye Soflá) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 87 families.
 Bolesław [bɔˈlɛswaf] is a village in Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bolesław. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Olkusz and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2500.
 Kahshur-e Ali Nazer (Persian: كهشورعلي نظر‎ also Romanized as Kahshūr-e ʿAlī Naẓer) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 26 families.
 Nowosiółki [nɔvɔˈɕuu̯kʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Strzaliny [stʂaˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Tuczno 23 km (14 mi) west of Wałcz and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.The village has a population of 190.
 Rozłopy [rɔˈzwɔpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sułów 20 km (12 mi) west of Zamość and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qabtar Qoluy-e Sofla (Persian: قبطرقلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qabţar Qolūy-e Soflá; also known as ‘Eyshūm Yek Ghebté Gholooé Aval Qabţaqolū Qabţar Qolū-ye Soflá Qeydar Qalū-ye Pā’īn and Qeydar Qalū-ye Soflá) is a village in Zarqan Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Tropy Elbląskie [ˈtrɔpɨ ɛlˈblɔ̃skʲɛ] (German: Troop) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Roholte is a village and parish in Faxe Municipality Region Zealand Denmark. By road it is located 10.5 kilometres (6.5 mi) south of Faxe and 83.2 kilometres (51.7 mi) southwest of Copenhagen. Of note is Roholte Church the parish church which was built in 1441 and the Morten Roholte sports club.
 Dehbar (Persian: دهبر‎) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nesa Kuh (Persian: نساكوه‎ also Romanized as Nesā Kūh) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 8 families.
 Chaughare is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1685 in 279 individual households.
 Poama is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Güneyköy is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Delavari-ye Gorgian (Persian: دلاوري گرگيان‎ also Romanized as Delāvarī-ye Gorgīān; also known as Delāvarī) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Ichankottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Animaná is a town and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina. As of the 2001 census the town had 1454 residents. Animaná means sky place in the Cacán language.Animaná is located on National Route 40 south of San Carlos towards Cafayate. It is located 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from Cafayate and 200 kilometres (120 mi) from Salta by way of Cafayate. It is set in a picturesque area of Calchaquí Valley where there are many vineyards.
 Mohammadabad-e Moqdasi (Persian: محمدابادمقدسي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Moqdasī; also known as Moḩammadābād Moḩammadābād Amīn and Tolombeh-ye Moḩammadābād) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bilczew [ˈbilt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kramsk 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Konin and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bemowo Piskie [bɛˈmɔvɔ ˈpʲiskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Biała Piska 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Pisz and 103 km (64 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 1300.
 Chwaścice [xfaɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 160.
 Anjireh (Persian: انجيره‎ also Romanized as Anjīreh; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Anjīr) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 47 families.
 Kinde is a village in Huron County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 448 at the 2010 census.The village is located on the boundary between Dwight Township and Lincoln Township with about half of the village in both. A small portion of the village is within Meade Township.
 Błogoszów [bwɔˈɡɔʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Oksa 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 430.
 Zaborowo [zabɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Górzno 15 km (9 mi) east of Brodnica and 70 km (43 mi) east of Toruń.
 Tutak (Persian: توتك‎ also Romanized as Tūtak) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ajjabasavanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kanakapura taluk of Ramanagaram district in Karnataka.
 Gobbur (B) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Afzalpur taluk of Gulbarga district in Karnataka.
 Selamlı is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°37′N 33°23′E Selamlı is situated on the east bank of Göksu River. Turkish state highway D.715 is 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of the village. Its distance to Mut is 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) and to Mersin is 165 kilometres (103 mi). The population of the village was 402 as of 2011. Main economic activity is farming.
 Sąborze [sɔmˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Damnica 10 km (6 mi) east of Słupsk and 95 km (59 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 186.
 Koźle [ˈkɔʑlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Stryków 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Narian (Persian: ناريان‎ also Romanized as Nārīān and Nārīyān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 133 families.
 Oreovica is a village in the municipality of Žabari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 862 people.
 Roszkowice [rɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogdaniec within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Bogdaniec and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 30.
 Sard-e Row (Persian: سردرو‎) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Baiara (Bengali: বাইয়ারা) is a Village of Nangalkot Upazila of the Comilla District in the Division of Chittagong Bangladesh.The origin of name of Baiara village is known as at a time when this area was ruled by Nabab Fazilatunnesa and then there were six brothers who were very strong. They used to attain wrestling competition in different area and always won. Everybody at a time became fearful about them gradually for their dominate the village name became Baiara.
 Frekhaug is the administrative centre of Meland municipality located in Hordaland county Norway. The village sits at the southern tip of the island of Holsnøy. The 1.03-square-kilometre (250-acre) urban area of Frekhaug (which also encompasses the suburb of Vikane) has a population (2012) of 1649 giving the village a population density of 1601 inhabitants per square kilometre (4150 /sq mi).
 Batakachaur is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4142 and had 794 houses in the village.The town is predominantly Hindu but in 1991 122 Buddhists registered in the town.
 Visrud (Persian: ويسرود‎ also Romanized as Vīsrūd) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1148 in 305 families.
 Bard Gapi (Persian: بردگپي‎ also Romanized as Bard Gapī and Bard-i-Gappi; also known as Bard Gep) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1602 in 288 families.
 Bartolino [bartɔˈlinɔ] (formerly German Bartlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Malechowo 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Sławno and 159 km (99 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Strang is a village in Fillmore County Nebraska United States. The population was 29 at the 2010 census.
 Sabigahtawng is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Horoszki Małe [xɔˈrɔʂki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Sarnaki 22 km (14 mi) east of Łosice and 139 km (86 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Rannaküla is a village in Nõva Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Al-Humayra (Arabic: الحميرة) is a Syrian village in the An-Nabek District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Al-Humayra had a population of 1740 in the 2004 census.
 Enayati-ye Vasat (Persian: عنايتي وسط‎ also Romanized as ʿEnāyatī-ye Vasaṭ) is a village in Abshar Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 385 in 45 families.
 Gavkaran (Persian: گاوكران‎ also Romanized as Gāvkarān Gav Karan and Gāv Korān) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 23 families.
 Kyauktan is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Jubadeh (Persian: جوباده‎ also Romanized as Jūbādeh; also known as Jabadeh Jabbādeh and Jonnādeh) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 11 families.
 Balyavi (Persian: بالياوي‎ also Romanized as Bālyāvī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 61 families.
 Mantralayam is a village in Kurnool district in Andhra Pradesh India. It lies on the banks of the Tungabhadra river on the border with neighbouring Karnataka state. It is also called as Manchale. This town is noted for the holy presence of the Vrindavana (sacred burial) of Guru Raghavendra Swami a Madhwa saint and follower of Sri Madhwacharya.
 Jarnuty [jarˈnutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łomża and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 5 families.
 Khorrami Khurshidi (Persian: خرمي خورشيدي‎ also Romanized as Khorramī Khūrshīdī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kunki [ˈkunki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Szczawin Kościelny 13 km (8 mi) east of Gostynin and 95 km (59 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Neshel (Persian: نشل‎ also Romanized as Neshal; also known as Nesel) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 96 families.
 Küp is a village in the District of Aladağ Adana Province Turkey.
 Poradzew [pɔˈrad͡zɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Goszczanów 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kaleva is a village in Manistee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 470 at the 2010 census.
 Zaporze [zaˈpɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Radecznica 32 km (20 mi) west of Zamość and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Domachowo [dɔmaˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krobia 8 km (5 mi) south of Gostyń and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 472.
 Gucin [ˈɡut͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Taklung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4835 and had 859 houses in the town.
 Ahangar (Persian: اهنگر‎ also Romanized as Āhangar) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Katgharwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Chhapaiya is a village in Gonda District in the state of Uttar Pradesh about 50 km from district headquarters Gonda and 40 kilometers from the major city of Ayodhya.
 Akhi Kamal (Persian: آخي كمال‎ also Romanized as Ākhī Kamāl and Akhī Kamāl) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 15 families.
 Miljkovac is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
 Polkan (Persian: پلکان‎ also Romanized as Polkān) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 48 families.
 Al-Dirbashiyya (Arabic: الدرباشية ‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 10 1948 by the Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 20 km northeast of Safad in the Hula Valley bordering Hula Lake.In 1945 it had a population of 310 people. The village contained a notable shrine for a local sage known as al-Samadi.
 Los Balverdi is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Funningsfjørður is a village located at the end of a fjord of the same name ('Fjørður' is the Faroese word for 'fjord'). It was founded in 1812 with Elduvikar as its municipality.There was a whaling station in Funningsfjørður from 1902 to 1913.
 Deh Sefid (Persian: ده سفيد‎ also Romanized as Deh Sefīd) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 10 families.
 Bizoręda [bizɔˈrɛnda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sobków 14 km (9 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Elyasi-ye Ahmad (Persian: الياسي احمد‎ also Romanized as Elyāsī-ye Aḩmad) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 631 in 109 families.
 Zamin-e Hasan (Persian: زمين حسن‎ also Romanized as Zamīn-e Ḩasan; also known as Zemīn-e Ḩasan) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 53 families.
 Attaragama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Salineville is a village in southwestern Columbiana County Ohio United States. The population was 1311 at the 2010 census.
 Thattayil is a village in the Pathanamthitta district of Kerala India. This place comes under the Pandalam Thekkekara gram panchayat. Agriculture is an important means of the livelihood of the people at this place. The main agricultural products are rubber rice plantain conconut cashew black pepper and ginger.[citation needed]Thattayil is famous for the Orippurathu Bhagavathy temple. Mannathu Padmanabhan started the Nair Service Society Karayogam movements in this village.
 Zakrzewska Osada [zaˈkʂɛfska ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Więcbork 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Mesari (Cyrillic: Месари) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sihaki Kuteh (Persian: سيهكي كوته‎ also Romanized as Sīhakī Kūteh) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 51 families.
 Gonewala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kamionka 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Lubartów and 16 km (10 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Łazówek [waˈzuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 102 km (63 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 210.
 Tasbih Kola (Persian: تسبيح كلا‎ also Romanized as Tasbīḩ Kolā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 75 families.
 Lucjanowo [lut͡sjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Koło and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 130.
 Entringen is one part and the administrative seat of the municipality Ammerbuch in the district of Tübingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg (Germany).
 Shah-e Badagh (Persian: شاه بداغ‎ also Romanized as Shāh-e Badāgh) is a village in Najmabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sabeh (Persian: سبعه‎ also Romanized as Sab‘eh; also known as Sab‘eh-ye Yek) is a village in Gharb-e Karun Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 871 in 151 families.
 Jaupas is a village in the municipality of Bogovë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Débéla is a village and the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune of Zanina in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
 Bazrangan (Persian: بازرنگان‎ also Romanized as Bāzrangān) is a village in Anarestan Rural District Chenar Shahijan District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 74 families.
 Takht Arreh Do (Persian: تخت‌اره دو‎) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Pyathon is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 547 in 154 families.
 Borzykówka [bɔʐɨˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żytno 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 101 km (63 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Grabina [ɡraˈbʲina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Biała Prudnicka 14 km (9 mi) north of Prudnik and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chaleshom (Persian: چال شم‎ also Romanized as Chāleshom; also known as Chalisham and Chalistan) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 117 families.
 Grabno [ˈɡrabnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Ośno Lubuskie 27 km (17 mi) east of Słubice 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 170.
 Galczyce [ɡalˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Młódnice [mwudˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Przytyk 23 km (14 mi) west of Radom and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 136.
 Gurkheri (Persian: گورخري‎ also Romanized as Gūrkherī) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 20 families.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād; also known as Tapahsī Dalīk Tapasi Dalik Tappah Sīdalīk Tappehsī Dalīk and Tapsi Dalik) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 82 families.
 Motike (Cyrillic: Мотике) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Stare Gumino [ˈstarɛ ɡuˈminɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Shelimak (Persian: شليمك‎ also Romanized as Shelīmak and Shalīmak; also known as Shalmak and Shīlmak) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 34 families.
 Ruszów [ˈruʂuf] (German: Rauscha) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgliniec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Ignacówka [iɡnaˈt͡sufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sochaczew and 49 km (30 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Võisiku is a village in Põltsamaa Parish Jõgeva County in central Estonia. It's located about 5 km southwest from the town of Põltsamaa. Võisiku has a population of 376 (as of 2010).
 Pelelu Tepu is a small Amerindian village in the interior of Suriname. Also known as Pe'reru Tepu the village is typically referred to simply as Tepu which mean high in the Indian Tiriyó language. The village is located on Tepu hill on the Tapanahoni River. Though inhabited by Amerindian tribes indigenous to the area the village was created by Christian missionaries and (primarily) Tiriyó Indians though it now also includes small numbers of Wayana and Akuriyo Indians.
 Brynica [brɨˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Iłowo [iˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Topólka 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 58 km (36 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 120.
 Rangat is a town on the Middle Andaman Island Andaman Archipelago. It is also one of the three counties (tehsils) administrative divisions of the North and Middle Andaman district in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands union territory of India. Its population according to the 2001 Census of India was 38824 people mainly of Bengalis and Tamils.Rangat is 210 km from Port Blair and 70 km south of Mayabunder. The town is well connected by road and sea routes.
 Uzynbulaq is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Kiewłaki [kʲɛˈvwaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Brańsk 29 km (18 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 160.[citation needed]
 Karbalai Qasemali (Persian: كربلايي قاسم علي‎ also Romanized as Karbalā’ī Qāsem‘alī) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 59 families.
 Deh Now-e Yek (Persian: ده نو1‎ also known as Deh Now) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 16 families.
 Mathihalli is a village about 100 kilometres from Bellary in Karnataka India. The village is ancient but still exists with a small population but little infrastructure.
 Pirbiyabani (Persian: پيربياباني‎ also Romanized as Pīrbīyābānī; also known as Pīrbīyābān) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 18 families.
 Bohangar (Persian: بهنگر‎ also Romanized as Bahangar and Bohongar; also known as Bahāngard and Kolā Khūnī) is a village in Kah Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 22 families.
 Stara Dąbrowa [ˈstara dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 260.
 Yasarat (Persian: يسارات‎ also Romanized as Yasārāt; also known as Yassāra) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 21 families.
 Kjøpsvik (Lule Sami: Gásluokta) is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county Norway. The village is located on the eastern shore of the Tysfjorden north of the small village of Storå. The island of Hulløya lies off the coast of Kjøpsvik. The 1.17-square-kilometre (290-acre) village has a population (2011) of 901.
 Huta (Ukrainian: Гута) is a village in Kostopil Raion Rivne Oblast Ukraine. As of the year 2001 the community had 744 residents. Postal code — 35010. KOATUU code — 5623481201.The Ukrainian poet Petro Velesyk was born in this village.
 Khorkhor-e Sofla (Persian: خرخرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Khorkhor-e Soflá; also known as Khor Khor and Khorkhor) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 18 families.
 Jowzeqan (Persian: جوزقان‎ also Romanized as Jowzeqān and Jowzqān) is a village in Kuhsangi Rural District Miyan Velayat District Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1833 in 423 families.
 Port Henry is a village in Essex County New York United States. The population was 1194 at the 2010 census.The Village of Port Henry lies on the east side of the Town of Moriah and is approximately one hour's drive (45 miles or 72 km) south of Plattsburgh. It is 33 miles (53 km) south-southwest of Burlington VT 97 miles (156 km) north of Albany NY and 102 miles (164 km) south of Montreal Quebec.
 Bronisze [brɔˈniʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Amelin [aˈmɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Krasnosielc 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 96 km (60 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 220.
 Sidzina [ɕiˈd͡ʑina] (German Hennersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoroszyce within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Skoroszyce 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Nysa and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Khaliji (Persian: خليجي‎ also Romanized as Khalījī; also known as Khalīchī-ye ‘Olyā and Khalījī-ye Bālā) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 7 families.
 Delijan (Persian: دليجان‎ also Romanized as Delījān) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 38 families.
 Laxminiya is a Village Development Committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4444 people residing in 858 individual households.
 Qeshlaq-e Qabaleh Gah Abbas Ali (Persian: قشلاق قبله گاه عباسعلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qabaleh Gāh ʿAbbās ʿAlī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 7 families.
 Chitakovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Alhashem-e Sofla (Persian: ال هاشم سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ālhāshem-e Soflá and Āl-e Hāshem-e Soflá; also known as Āl Hāshem-e Pā‘īn and Marghzār) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 68 families.
 Chandar Mahalleh (Persian: چندرمحله‎ also Romanized as Chandar Maḩalleh) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 850 in 188 families.
 Bhikawadi Khurd is a small village in Sangli district of Maharashtra state (India). Bhikawadi is 14 km away from Vita. Bhikawadi is a famous for God Shrinath temple and also for Jatra (street festival). Bhikawadi hosts Jatra on Gudhi Padawa of every year.
 Mokhtaran (Persian: مختاران‎ also Romanized as Mokhtārān Moxtārān and Mukhtārān) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 804 in 212 families.
 Ługowo [wuˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 90.
 Posht Qaleh (Persian: پشت قلعه‎ also Romanized as Posht Qal‘eh) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qovaq-e Olya (Persian: قواق عليا‎ also Romanized as Qovāq-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 29 families.
 Jekhish (Persian: جخيش‎ also Romanized as Jekhīsh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Shotoriyeh (Persian: شتريه‎ also Romanized as Shotorīyeh; also known as Shotorgah) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 167 families.
 Negala is a village in Kohistanat District in Sar-e Pol Province in northern Afghanistan. It was formerly in Jowzjan Province.It lies just north of Aruj.
 Ab Lashkar-e Olya (Persian: اب لشكرعليا‎ also Romanized as Āb Lashkar-e ‘Olyā; also known as 'Āb-e Lashkar Āb Lashgar Āb Lashgar-e ‘Olyá Āb Lashgar ‘Olyá and Bunneh Āb-i-Lashkar) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 40 families.
 Takhteh (Persian: تخته‎) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 30 families.
 Karaturyk (Kazakh: Қаратұрық) is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Novi Dulići (Serbian: Нови Дулићи) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Samarghan (Persian: سمرجان‎ also Romanized as Samarghān) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jasenica is a village in Čapljina municipality Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qazi Kandi (Persian: قاضي كندي‎ also Romanized as Qāẕī Kandī) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Phú Lộc is a commune (xã) and village in Cái Nước District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Dąb Polski [ˈdɔmp ˈpɔlski] (German: Klein Dembe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) east of Włocławek and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Fallahabad (Persian: فلاح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fallāḩābād; also known as Fallāḩābād-e Jow Pā’īn) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Tynwałd [ˈtɨnvau̯t] (German Tillwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Iława and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Chah-e Amiq Ali Asghar Qorani (Persian: چاه عميق علي اصغرقراني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq ʿAlī Āṣghar Qorānī) is a village in Joghatai Rural District in the Central District of Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chah-e Amiq Hoseyni (Persian: چاه عميق حسيني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Ḩoseynī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chain of Rocks is a village in Lincoln County Missouri United States. The population was 93 at the 2010 census.
 Godawy [ɡɔˈdavɨ] (German: Nettelbeck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Gąsawa 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Żnin and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Petrovac is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 47 people.
 Shiravand (Persian: شيراوند‎ also Romanized as Shīrāvand; also known as Jūb Shahr) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1150 in 224 families.
 Yenice is a small village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°19′N 33°24′E it is situated to the southwest of Gülnar. The distance to Gülnar is 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) and to Mersin is 154 kilometres (96 mi) . The population of Yassıbağ is only 51. as of 2012.
 Mashg Duzan (Persian: مشگدوزان‎ also Romanized as Mashg Dūzān; also known as Mashk Dūzān and Moshg Doozan) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 50 families.
 Jare is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Suchovršice is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Guni Kand (Persian: گوني كند‎ also Romanized as Gūnī Kand; also known as Gūnī Kandī and Gūney Kandī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 43 families.
 Trzebień [ˈtʂɛbjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęka Opatowska within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Łęka Opatowska 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Kępno and 153 km (95 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Hendeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sripurjabdi is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12937.
 Gierałtowice [ɡʲɛrau̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reńska Wieś within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Reńska Wieś 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 337.
 Hattialur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Divuša (Serbian Cyrillic: Дивуша) is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D47 highway.
 Gorginabad (Persian: گرگين اباد‎ also Romanized as Gorgīnābād) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 98 families.
 Qapan-e Olya (Persian: قپان عليا‎ also Romanized as Qapān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qapān-e Bālā and ‘Alī Qapān) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 648 in 125 families.
 Pandavkhani is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2519 and had 442 houses in the village.
 Władysławowo [vwadɨswaˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lwówek 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Nowy Tomyśl and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Maddur is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Głusiec [ˈɡwuɕet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sieciechów 18 km (11 mi) east of Kozienice and 92 km (57 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Lubiewo [luˈbjɛvɔ] is a village in Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubiewo. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Tuchola and 39 km (24 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 1012.
 Mil Saidi (Persian: ميل سعيدي‎ also Romanized as Mīl Sa‘īdī; also known as Mīr Sa‘īdī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 12 families.
 Laleta is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khvosh Ab-e Shirin (Persian: خوشاب شيرين‎ also Romanized as Khvosh Āb-e Shīrīn Khowsh Āb-e Shīrīn and Khvoshāb-e Shīrīn; also known as Khvoshāb and Shīrīn) is a village in Kafsh Kanan Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 20 families.
 Mohammad Qoli Beyglu (Persian: محمدقلي بيگ لو‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Qolī Beyglū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 7 families.
 Vrouwenpolder is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Veere and lies about 9 km north of Middelburg.Vrouwenpolder was a separate municipality until 1966 when it was merged with Veere.In 2001 the village of Vrouwenpolder had 795 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.21 km² and contained 351 residences.The statistical area Vrouwenpolder which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 1320.
 Gniewowo [ɡɲeˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wejherowo and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 372.
 Gazabad-e Manuchehri (Persian: گزابادمنوچهري‎ also Romanized as Gazābād-e Manūchehrī; also known as Gazābād and Qātemīyeh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 11 families.
 Sadat Mahalleh (Persian: سادات محله‎ also Romanized as Sādāt Maḩalleh; also known as Kūseh Maḩalleh) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 10 families.
 Kuh Pat (Persian: كوه پات‎ also Romanized as Kūh Pat; also known as Pā’īn Kūh-e Pāt and Pā’īn Kūh Pāt) is a village in Rak Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Gjergjove is a village in the municipality of Potom in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Qaheh (Persian: قهه‎ also Romanized as Qoheh; also known as Kūheh) is a village in Qombovan Rural District in the Central District of Dehaqan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1011 in 316 families.
 Maharorh is a village in Rohtas district Bihar state India. Maharorh is a gram panchayat. The language spoken in Maharorh is Bhojpuri. Agriculture is the main occupation.
 Janówek [jaˈnuvɛk] (German: Johnsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów Sudecki within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north of Jeżów Sudecki 11 km (7 mi) north of Jelenia Góra and 91 km (57 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Pangi (Persian: پنگي‎ also Romanized as Pangī; also known as Panqi) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 51 families.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khairabād) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Bala Rural District Qushkhaneh District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 564 in 132 families.
 Llinars del Vallès is a village and a municipality in the province of Barcelona and inside of Catalonia. That village forms part as the county of Baix Montseny. It's municipal term goes by the mountain of the Massís del Montseny to the Serralada Litoral. The dry agriculture is more abundant than the wet that only predomines in the Mogent river. The forests are mediterranean (pines and holm oaks) unless in the Serralada Litoral there are also oaks and cork oaks.
 Zielona [ʑeˈlɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Supraśl and 11 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Khashab (Persian: خشاب‎ also Romanized as Khashāb and Khoshāb; also known as Khashshāb) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 37 families.
 Senoji Varėna is an old village in Varėna district municipality near Merkys River and Rivulet Varėnė confluence 4 kilometers north of Varėna on the road Vilnius–Druskininkai. The village was mentioned for the first time in Teutonic letters in the year 1413.It was the hometown of the most famous Lithuanian painter and composer Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis.
 Dziennice [d͡ʑɛnˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Inowrocław 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Toruń and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 125.
 Nasratiyeh (Persian: نصرتيه‎ also Romanized as Naṣratīyeh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Al-Muwaylih (Arabic: المويْلح‎ El Muweilih) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Jaffa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Palestine War.
 Pirmand (Persian: پيرمند‎ also Romanized as Pīrmand) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 26 families.
 Sivarhovar (Persian: سيورهوار‎ also Romanized as Sīvarhovār) is a village in Sarqaleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 13 families.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zakrzewo. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 30 km (19 mi) south of Toruń.
 Voljavica is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Liwang Mechi is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1545 people living in 307 individual households.
 Cheshmidar (Persian: چشميدر‎ also Romanized as Cheshmīdar Chashmīdar and Chashmīdor; also known as Chashmeh Dar) is a village in Paygelan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1273 in 308 families.
 Kharengan (Persian: خارنگان‎ also Romanized as Khārengān and Khārengan; also known as Khārengūn) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Warzyn-Skóry [ˈvaʐɨn ˈskurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mazraat Deir al-Ashayer (Arabic: مزرعة دير العشائر) is a Syrian village in the Qudsaya District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Mazraat Deir al-Ashayer had a population of 1107 in the 2004 census.
 Ageri is a village in Albu Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Abirabad (Persian: عبيراباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abīrābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 11 families.
 Białocin [bjaˈwɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Rozprza 14 km (9 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sarastan (Persian: سراستان‎ also Romanized as Sarāstān; also known as Sar Āstān-e Do) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Dustabad (Persian: دوست اباد‎ also Romanized as Dūstābād) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5631 in 1435 families.
 Kutak-e Vasat (Persian: كوتك وسط‎ also Romanized as Kūtak-e Vasaṭ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 965 in 188 families.
 Gutów Duży [ˈɡutuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Grabica 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 140.
 Wronów [ˈvrɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Bełżyce and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tyszki-Bregendy [ˈtɨʂki brɛˈɡɛndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Mława and 98 km (61 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 71.5.
 Staw Ujazdowski [ˈstaf ujazˈdɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Zamość and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Fenderi (Persian: فندرئ‎ also Romanized as Fenderī) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 507 in 122 families.
 Huta Żuławska [ˈxuta ʐuˈwafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Cerro Azul (Blue Hill) is a fishing village and formerly a commercial port in the Cañete Province Lima Region Peru. Located 131 km south of Lima it is frequently visited in the summer by its residents and those of San Vicente de Cañete. The village has come to depend more heavily on tourism than on fishing.
 Bahador (Persian: بهادر‎ also Romanized as Bahādor) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 8 families.
 Borin Do is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 148 people.
 Qaleh-ye Ali Mohammad (Persian: قلعه عليمحمد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Alī Moḩammad and Qal‘eh ‘Ali Muhammad; also known as ‘Alī Moḩammad and Kalāt-e ‘Alī Moḩammad) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Bala Rural District Qushkhaneh District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 104 families.
 Szamocin [ʂaˈmɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Strachówka 33 km (21 mi) east of Wołomin and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Granard is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Degrmen is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 88 people.
 Przyłęków [pʂɨˈwɛnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnna within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żywiec and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 369.
 Rozajny [rɔˈzai̯nɨ] (German: Rosainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Gardeja 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kwidzyn and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 440.
 Cheshmeh-ye Gholam Veys (Persian: چشمه غلام ويس‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Gholām Veys) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 79 families.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Khedri (Persian: خدري‎ also Romanized as Khedrī and Khederī; also known as Hadri and Hedrī) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 496 in 112 families.
 Jošava (Cyrillic: Јошава) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dolno Perovo (Macedonian: Долно Перово) or simply Perovo is a village north of Lake Prespa in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. The village is located almost 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen.
 Adavigollavarahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chik Ballapur taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Lubecko [luˈbɛt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lubliniec and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 822.First written mention about Lubecku come from with 1226 year. Church was built here the most probably on beginning 14th century.
 Kal Kut (Persian: كالكوت‎ also Romanized as Kāl Kūt) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 35 families.
 Sareshk (Persian: سرشك‎) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 21 families.
 Kanakkarapola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Birboneh-ye Pain (Persian: بيربنه پائين‎ also Romanized as Bīrboneh-ye Pā’īn and Bīr Boneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Bīr Benah Bīr Boneh and Mīr Boneh) is a village in Kisom Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 46 families.
 Duboki Potok (Serbian: Дубоки Поток) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pasikovci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the Brestovac municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 18. The village is connected by the D38 state road.
 Śpigiel [ˈɕpiɡʲɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Reszel 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 8.
 Brzączowice [bʐɔnt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobczyce within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Dobczyce 11 km (7 mi) east of Myślenice and 24 km (15 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Krasinac (Cyrillic: Красинац) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Miodusy-Pokrzywne [mjɔˈdusɨ pɔˈkʂɨvnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Argin (Persian: ارگين‎ also Romanized as Ārgīn) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Hanover is a village in Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 441 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Hanover Township.
 Gangiwal is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Krnja Jela is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 47 people.
 Bostanlı is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Tareste is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Nowa Wrona [ˈnɔva ˈvrɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lozenitsa is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Michalów [miˈxaluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sułów 18 km (11 mi) west of Zamość and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1100.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Roztocze [rɔsˈtɔt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Choszczno and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Yáquil also known as Isla de Yáquil is a Chilean village located in Santa Cruz Colchagua Province Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region.
 Grzędzin [ˈɡʐɛnd͡ʑin] (German: Grenzburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polska Cerekiew within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Polska Cerekiew 20 km (12 mi) south of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 329.
 Nederhemert is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Zaltbommel and lies about 8 km southwest of that city.Nederhemert was a separate municipality until 1955 when it was merged with Kerkwijk.The village Nederhemert has a population of around 1370.The statistical area Nederhemert which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 1500.Nederhemert consists of two parts. The largest part is Nederhemert-Noord.
 Dhaderkoppa is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kapałów [kaˈpawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Radoszyce 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Końskie and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 430.
 Gościmowice Pierwsze [ɡɔɕt͡ɕimɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Gaglovo is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 811 people.
 Cham-e Shahran (Persian: چم شهران‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Shahrān; also known as Shahīd Chamrān) is a village in Mamulan Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 34 families.
 Święte Miejsce [ˈɕfjɛntɛ ˈmjɛi̯st͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przasnysz and 93 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 11.
 Gorzyce Wielkie [ɡɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 2076.
 Dorohucza [dɔrɔˈxut͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Świdnik and 33 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 753. In World War II there was just east of the village from 13 march until 3 November 1943 (start aktion Erntefest) a Nazi labor camp.
 Václavice is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Yeniköy is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 2794 people.Yenikoy was recently given the worlds highest breeam rating of 97% beating manchesters one angel square.
 Channewadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Hamgin (Persian: همگين‎ also Romanized as Hamgīn) is a village in Hamgin Rural District in the Central District of Dehaqan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1435 in 409 families.
 Kandlewo [kanˈdlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Chelopechene is a village in Kavarna Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Kalan (Persian: كلان‎ also Romanized as Kalān; also known as Kalan Ozomdeh Kalyan Keyāteyān and Kialian) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 14 families.
 Dessa Niger is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Jyamire is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1579 persons living in 298 individual households.
 Łabędnik Mały [waˈbɛndɲik ˈmawɨ] (German: Klein Schwansfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Port Jefferson is a village in Salem Township Shelby County Ohio United States. The population was 371 at the 2010 census.
 Northport is a village in Suffolk County New York United States situated along New York State Route 25A in the Town of Huntington on Long Island's North Shore. The Incorporated Village of Northport has a population of 7401 as of the 2010 census. Students attend the Northport-East Northport Union Free School District.
 Kabaca is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Hariaj (Persian: هرياج‎ also Romanized as Harīāj) is a village in Hablerud Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 9 families.
 Qaziabad (Persian: قاضي اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāz̤īābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 14 families.
 Balef Kola-ye Gharbi (Persian: بالف كلاغربي‎ also Romanized as Bālef Kolā-ye Gharbī) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 33 families.
 Korytowo [kɔrɨˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Dzierzążnia 13 km (8 mi) west of Płońsk and 69 km (43 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Biljevec is a village in Croatia.
 Zeydabad (Persian: زيداباد‎ also Romanized as Zeydābād and Zeid Abad; also known as Javādīyeh-ye Zeydābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 123 families.
 Nowa Wieś koło Duczymina [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈkɔwɔ dut͡ʂɨˈmina] (new village by Duczymin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Derog-e Bala (Persian: درگ بالا‎ also Romanized as Derog-e Bālā; also known as Darak Dargaz Derog and Dorg) is a village in Bondar Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chah-e Ali Akbar (Persian: چاه علي اكبر‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAlī Āḵbar) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gadów [ˈɡaduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Słuszków (the gmina seat) 32 km (20 mi) north of Kalisz and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kokofata is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes 17 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 21117.
 Anjoman-e Olya (Persian: انجمن عليا‎ also Romanized as Anjoman-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 382 in 66 families.
 Postolice [pɔstɔˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Poselwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) east of Wądroże Wielkie 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Jawor and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kluczewo [kluˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostroróg within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ostroróg 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tabanovići is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 137 people.
 Lobbæk is a village in the south of the Danish island of Bornholm 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of Rønne and 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of Aakirkeby. It is mainly residential but has a few small firms. As of 2014 it has a population of 361.
 Kilimany [kiliˈmanɨ] (German: Lipniak 1938-45:Friedrichshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Rozogi 20 km (12 mi) east of Szczytno and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Seh Kolah (Persian: سه كلاه‎ also Romanized as Seh Kolāh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hmangin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located south of Nawngsansaing.
 Bukowa [buˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Osiek 19 km (12 mi) east of Staszów and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 330.
 Yellow Springs is a village in Greene County Ohio United States. The population was 3487 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is home of Antioch College and Antioch University Midwest.
 Pataveh-ye Delita (Persian: پاتاوه دلي تا‎ also Romanized as Paţāveh-ye Delītā; also known as Pā Ţāveh Pātāveh Paţāveh-ye Kameyān and Peţāveh) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Elahi (Persian: الهي‎ also Romanized as Elahī) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vengur is a village in Tiruchirappalli taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Pilichowice [pilixɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Żarnów 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zawadka [zaˈvatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Irządze within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Irządze 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Latab (Persian: لتاب‎ also Romanized as Latāb; also known as Latāb-e Soflá) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 85 families.
 Nowy Garbów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡarbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dwikozy 11 km (7 mi) north of Sandomierz and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Sianav (Persian: سياناو‎ also Romanized as Sīānāv and Sīānow) is a village in Avalan Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 39 families.
 Bolegorzyn [bɔlɛˈɡɔʐɨn] (German: Gut Bulgrin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 100 families.
 Nazemabad (Persian: ناظم آباد‎ also Romanized as Nāz̧emābād; also known as Tāzehābād and Tāzehābād-e Dīzaj) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District Chaharduli District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 97 families.
 Raczyny [raˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Przesmyki 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 112 km (70 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Ragan is a village in Harlan County Nebraska United States. The population was 38 at the 2010 census.
 Piastowo [pjasˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Milejewo 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Elbląg and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 90.
 Nowa Grabownica [ˈnɔva ɡrabɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sangedevarkoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Bala Jaddeh (Persian: بالاجاده‎ also Romanized as Bālā Jāddeh) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kordkuy County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3140 in 887 families.
 Stupnica is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 941 people.
 Kruszyniany [kruʂɨˈɲanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.The village has a population of 160. In the past it was primarily a Lipka Tatar settlement. Up until this day the Tatars still remain as the only minority in the village. The Tatars are Sunni Muslims.
 Leva Reka (Macedonian: Лева Река) is a village in the northern part of Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia roughly 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen. It has 60 residents.
 Pawłów [ˈpavwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nargan (Persian: نرگان‎ also Romanized as Nargān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 27 families.
 Limaville is a village in Stark County Ohio United States. The population was 151 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Chylin [ˈxɨlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wierzbica 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Chełm and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Čavići (Serbian: Чавићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Eslamabad-e Shomareh-ye Seh (Persian: اسلام ابادشماره سه‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Shomāreh-ye Seh; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 10 families.
 Sona Bolagh (Persian: سنابلاغ‎ also Romanized as Sonā Bolāgh; also known as Şūnābolāghī) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 27 families.
 Rig Cheshmeh (Persian: ريگ چشمه‎ also Romanized as Rīg Cheshmeh) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 29 families.
 Sihuas is a town in the Sihuas District of the Sihuas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru.
 Ahmad Khan (Persian: احمدخان‎ also Romanized as Aḩmad Khān) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Podstoła [pɔtsˈtɔwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Drużbice 18 km (11 mi) north of Bełchatów and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gorzupia [ɡɔˈʐupja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Krotoszyn and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 695.
 Piaski Sztumskie [ˈpjaski ˈʂtumskʲɛ] (German: Sandhuben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Emamzadeh Khazar (Persian: امامزاده خضر‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Khazar) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 52 families.
 Chodkowo-Działki [xɔtˈkɔvɔ ˈd͡ʑau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bougoula is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 11 villages and at the time of the 2009 census had a population of 10780. The village of Bougoula is 50 km south of the Malian capital Bamako.
 Netrang is a village in the Valia taluka in Bharuch district of the Indian state of Gujarat. Netrang is 20 kilometres (12 mi) away from the city of Valia 45 kilometres (28 mi) from Bharuch the administrative headquarters of the district 220 kilometres (140 mi) from Gandhinagar the capital of the state of Gujarat 320 kilometres (200 mi) from Mumbai the largest city in India and around 1000 kilometres (620 mi) from New Delhi the capital of India.
 Chojna [ˈxɔi̯na] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gołańcz 23 km (14 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 72 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qarqatuiyeh (Persian: قرقطوئيه‎ also Romanized as Qarqatū’īyeh; also known as Gharghtoo’iyeh Qargatū’īyeh and Qarghaţū’īyeh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 45 families.
 Surak (Persian: سورك‎ also Romanized as Sūrak and Sūrk) is a village in Hudian Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 13 families.
 Filipowo [filiˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wijewo within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wijewo 24 km (15 mi) west of Leszno and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sawity [saˈvitɨ] (German: Engelswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Aalwad is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Yellapur taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Grdenci is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Vistla is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Škalnica is a village in Croatia.
 Nicaro-Levisa also spelled Levisa-Nicaro is a Cuban town and consejo popular (popular council i.e. hamlet) of the municipality of Mayarí in Holguín Province formed by the settlements of Nicaro and Levisa. With a population of circa 20000 it is the most populated village in the municipality after Mayarí.
 Niwa Goszczowska [ˈniva ɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Putar (Persian: پوطار‎ also Romanized as Pūţār and Pūtār; also known as Ābādī Seyyed Ābādseyyed Ābād Sīd and Āb Garm-e Seyyedī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 Tezkharab (Persian: تزخراب‎ also Romanized as Tezkharāb; also known as Tīzkharāb) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 65 families.
 Cufeu is a village in the Oio Region of northern Guinea-Bissau. It is located west of Alabato.
 Potok [ˈpɔtɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Szydłów 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Staszów and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 410.
 Kafr Buhum (Arabic: كفر بهم‎ Syriac: ܟܟܦܪ ܒܚܡ Kafar Bouhoum) is a town in central Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located 9 km southwest of Hama 210 km (130 mi) north Damascus and 160 km (99 mi) south of Aleppo. Nearby localities include al-Rabiaa and Matnin to the northwest Tayzin to the north al-Khalidiyah to the east Tell Qartal to the southeast Birin to the south and al-Muaa to the southwest.
 Chyby [ˈxɨbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Mniów and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 145.
 Manappadam is a village in the Palakkad district of Kerala state south India. It is in Puthucode Panchayath. Vadakkencherry is the nearest town. Pin code is 678689.
 Nowa Sobótka [ˈnɔva sɔˈbutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Kegen (Kazakh: Кеген) is a selo and seat of Raiymbek District in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan. Population: 9049 (2009 Census results); 8078 (1999 Census results).
 Vilangkattuvalasu or Vilangattuvalasu is a small village in Erode District (State: Tamil Nadu Country: India)Vilangkattuvalasu is situated 4 km away from Sivagiri.Villages around Vilangkattuvalasu include Molapalayam Sadaiyapapuram Rangasamudhram Kandasamypalayam Valliyampalayam.Address:VilangkattuvalsuKandasamypalayam (Po)Sivagiri (via)Erode District - 638109.The small Vinayagar temple in Vilangkattuvalasu is a great asset for people of the village.The Vinayagar temple is the place where people discuss some issues plays and enjoy their social life.Kumbabisaeham for the Vinayagar temple occurred in 2000. 
 Laleh Gun (Persian: لاله گون‎ also Romanized as Lāleh Gūn; also known as Lālgān) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 130 families.
 Nyíri is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Salvación is a town in Southern Peru capital of the province Manú in the region Madre de Dios.
 Chombhut is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Medeno Polje (Cyrillic: Медено Поље) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Yuva is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 872 people.
 Piorunów [pjɔˈrunuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Władysławów 14 km (9 mi) north of Turek and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 36.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād; also known as Karim Abad Gheis Abad) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 23 families.
 Qerkhlar (Persian: قرخلر‎ also Romanized as Qarkhlār and Qerekhlar; also known as Gherkhlar) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1962 in 431 families.
 Frasunek [fraˈsunɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Borek Wielkopolski 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Gostyń and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shreepur is a Village Development Committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7666 people residing in 1472 individual households.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zavrelje is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D8 highway.
 Szalenik-Kolonia [ʂaˈlɛnik kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżec within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 29.
 Dar Asiab (Persian: دراسياب‎ also Romanized as Dar Āsīāb; also known as Do Āsīāb) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 78 families.
 Sekher-e Olya (Persian: سخرعليا‎ also Romanized as Sekher-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 53 families.
 Stanek [ˈstanɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Michałowo and 23 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mawlaik is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Olesno [ɔˈlɛsnɔ] is a village in Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Olesno. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1708.
 Gach (Persian: گاچ‎ also Romanized as Gāch; also known as Kāj and Kaj) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 103 families.
 Wierzbica Górna [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wołczyn 18 km (11 mi) west of Kluczbork and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 1141.
 Potaki (Persian: پتكي‎ also Romanized as Potakī) is a village in Meydavud Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 56 families.
 Palaz is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Klenovica is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D8 highway.Klenovica is there since the 17th century when the town was named Krmpocana The small fishing village is located (as the crow flies) 6 Km. south-east of Novi Vinodolski (10 km by road). In Klenovica live just over 400 people including many famous fishermen.
 Juraszki [juˈraʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Chelluru is a village in Rayavaram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Tangeh-ye Raz (Persian: تنگه راز‎ also Romanized as Tangeh-ye Rāz and Tangeh Rāz; also known as Tangeh-ye Zār) is a village in Raz Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 355 in 90 families.
 Chojeniec-Kolonia [xɔˈjɛɲɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ilsovan (Persian: ايل سون‎ also Romanized as Īlsovan; also known as Qeshlāq-e Shāhsavan and Shāhsavan) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Horní Domaslavice (Polish: Domasłowice Górne) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 650 (2008). The village lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
 Aleksandrowice [alɛksandrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Zabierzów and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 726.
 Bahar-e Sofla (Persian: بهارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bahār-e Soflá; also known as Bahār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 38 families.
 Wróblik Królewski [ˈvrublʲik kruˈlɛfskʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rymanów 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Krosno and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 840.
 Gorguiyeh (Persian: گرگوئيه‎ also Romanized as Gorgū’īyeh; also known as Gorgnow’īyeh and Kargū’īyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Mahmudi (Persian: محمودي‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdī; also known as Maḩmūdīyeh) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gradac (Cyrillic: Градац) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Aqcheh Pireh (Persian: اقچه پيره‎ also Romanized as Āqcheh Pīreh; also known as Aghājapra and Āqjeh Pīreh) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 22 families.
 Kaser-e Pishkamar (Persian: كسرپيشكمر‎ also Romanized as Kaser-e Pīshkamar) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 708 in 166 families.
 Čečelice is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Turkołówka [turkɔˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Hrubieszów and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 36.
 Anzar (Persian: انذر‎ also Romanized as Anz̄ar and Anzer) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 785 in 199 families.
 Smolniki [smɔlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Lubichowo 23 km (14 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 42.
 Khasheh (Persian: خشه‎ also Romanized as Khasheh; also known as Khasheh-ye Salmān Sardār and Salmān Sardār) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 89 families.
 Lekhparajul is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4567 people living in 739 individual households.
 Różyńsk Wielki [ˈruʐɨɲsk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Prostki 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Ełk and 116 km (72 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Veliki Vrtop is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
 Bashtin (Persian: بشتين‎ also Romanized as Bashtīn) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Sar Tang (Persian: سرتنگ‎; also known as Sartang-e Chellow) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 9 families.
 Ričica (Cyrillic: Ричица) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Konary-Kolonia [kɔˈnarɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Klimontów 28 km (17 mi) west of Sandomierz and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Serisha (Persian: سريشا‎ also Romanized as Serīshā Serīsha and Serīshāh) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 17 families.
 Manikhel is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1623 living in 272 individual households.
 Smolęcin [smɔˈlɛnt͡ɕin] (German: Schmalentin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gryfice and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Golahenwatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Shahrak-e Sanati-ye Ali Mirzai (Persian: شهرك صنعتي علي ميرزايي‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Sanʿatī-ye ʿAlī Mīrzāʿī) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Posht Sara (Persian: پشتسرا‎ also Romanized as Posht Sarā and Posht Serā) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 411 in 103 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Saduqi (Persian: تلمبه شهيدصدوقي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Şadūqī) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād and Malakābād) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Luleh Daraq-e Hajj Najaf (Persian: لوله درق حاج نجف‎ also Romanized as Lūleh Daraq-e Ḩājj Najaf; also known as Lūleh Darreh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 91 families.
 Kolah Deraz-e Sofla (Persian: كلاه درازسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kolāh Derāz-e Soflá; also known as Kolāh Derāz-e Āqājān) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 649 in 141 families.
 Dayr al-Shaykh (Arabic: دير الشيخ‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Jerusalem Subdistrict also known as the Jerusalem corridor. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. The village was located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) west of Jerusalem overlooking the Wadi al-Sarar stream to the northeast.
 Wola Owadowska [ˈvɔla ɔvaˈdɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Radom and 80 km (50 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Tukur (Persian: توكور‎ also Romanized as Tūkūr and Tūgūr; also known as Beyk Tūkūr-e Pā’īn and Bīk-e Tūkūr) is a village in Takmaran Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 470 in 119 families.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقر آباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Beltrán (Santiago del Estero) is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Tavandar (Persian: توندر‎ also Romanized as Avandar Awandar and Toondar) is a village in Takab Rural District Kuhsorkh District Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 867 in 209 families.
 Chudoba [xuˈdɔba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Byczyna within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Byczyna 8 km (5 mi) north of Kluczbork and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 132.
 Jilu (Persian: جيلو‎ also Romanized as Jīlū) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 608 in 161 families.
 Seyyed Khalaf (Persian: سيدخلف‎) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 924 in 156 families.
 Popowo [pɔˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wronki 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 259.
 Sar Qaleh (Persian: سرقلعه‎ also Romanized as Sar Qal‘eh; also known as Sarkhāla) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 510 in 101 families.
 .Schuylerville is a village in Saratoga County New York United States. The population was 1197 at the 2000 census. The village is named after the Schuyler family. Schuylerville was the site of the Battles of Saratoga (1777) and contains several historic buildings including General Schuyler House and Old Saratoga Reformed Church. The Saratoga Monument is located in nearby Victory Saratoga County New York.
 Arkhud (Persian: ارخود‎ also Romanized as Arkhūd) is a village in Bakharz Rural District in the Central District of Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1332 in 329 families.
 Mizary [miˈzarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Stoczek Łukowski 31 km (19 mi) west of Łuków and 88 km (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 360.
 Shanagarry (Irish: An Seangharraí meaning the old garden) is a village in east County Cork in Ireland. The village is located along Ireland's south coast and is known for the Ballymaloe Cookery School the home and gardens of celebrity chef Darina Allen. The castle given to William Penn before he settled in Pennsylvania and started his Holy Experiment is also situated here approximately 2 miles from the house he was born in.
 Yerragunta is a village in the Chandrugonda mandal of Khammam district in Andhra Pradesh India. The population of the village is 3000.
 Górzyca [ɡuˈʐɨt͡sa] is a village (German: Görke an der Rega) in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Gryfice and 76 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 234.
 Khezr Konar (Persian: خزركنار‎ also Romanized as Khezr Konār) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 721 in 206 families.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād and Yūsefābad; also known as Yūsaofābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 648 in 183 families.
 Yeşildere is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Birni Lalle is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Chakab (Persian: چكاب‎ also Romanized as Chakāb and Chekāb) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Vashmazin (Persian: واشمزين‎ also Romanized as Vāshmazīn) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 17 families.
 Sheldon is a village in Sheldon Township Iroquois County Illinois United States. The population was 1232 at the 2000 census and 1130 in 2009.[citation needed]
 Enno is a village in Nõo Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Myśliwiec [mɨˈɕlivjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wąbrzeźno and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Mikowice [mikɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Lampersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Namysłów and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād and Malikābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 61 families.
 Qaleh Sang (Persian: قلعه سنگ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sang) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 24 families.
 Chah-e Shahdoost Nosratabad (Persian: چاه شه‌دوست ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Tando Gulshah(Urdu: ٹنڈو گلشاھ‎) is a village in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh Pakistan.
 Piranch (Persian: پيرانچ‎ also Romanized as Pīrānch; also known as Bīranj Pīranj and Pīrūnj) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1130 in 192 families.
 Manshiyat Khan al-Shih (Arabic: منشية خان الشيح) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Manshiyat Khan al-Shih had a population of 2146 in the 2004 census.
 Morzęcin Mały [mɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Oborniki Śląskie 15 km (9 mi) west of Trzebnica and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Makhuleh (Persian: ماخوله ‎ also Romanized as Mākhūleh; also known as Mākhūleh-ye Bālā and Mākhūleh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 12 families.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Deyr Ali (Persian: ديرعلي‎ also Romanized as Deyr ‘Alī) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 520 in 85 families.
 Taneh Berri (Persian: تنه بري‎ also Romanized as Taneh Berrī; also known as Taneh Yerī) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 5 families.
 Donji Lipovac Croatia is a village in Croatia.
 Borj-e Mohammadan (Persian: برج محمدان‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Moḩammadān; also known as Borj-e Moḩammad Borj Borj Mohammad and Burj) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 59 families.
 Kiersztanowo [kʲɛrʂtaˈnɔvɔ] (German Kirschdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Miedzyn [ˈmjɛd͡zɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pieńki Wielkie [ˈpjɛɲki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Andrzejewo 24 km (15 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 106 km (66 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 110.
 Zgoda [ˈzɡɔda] (German: Gerlachsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Braniewo and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 174.
 Sierosławiec [ɕɛrɔˈswavjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Krzęcin 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Rostamabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 9 families.
 Nezamabad (Persian: نظام اباد‎ also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād; also known as Nizāmābād) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1275 in 267 families.
 Wólka Orchowska [ˈvulka ɔrˈxɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Orchowo 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Słupca and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sudovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D22 highway.
 Pir Alilu (Persian: پيرعليلو‎ also Romanized as Pīr ‘Alīlū; also known as Pīr ‘Alī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 16 families.
 Przybkówko [pʂɨpˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Barwice 23 km (14 mi) west of Szczecinek and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Lowell is a village in Washington County Ohio United States along the Muskingum River. The population was 549 at the 2010 census.
 Sari Tappeh (Persian: ساري تپه‎ also Romanized as Sārī Tappeh; also known as Sardaba Sardābeh Sari Tepe and Sar Tappeh) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 126 families.
 Baranówko [baraˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Mosina and 21 km (13 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Woźniki [vɔʑˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lgota Wielka within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lgota Wielka 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Radomsko and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Famatanca is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Radzików-Oczki [raˈd͡ʑikuf ˈɔt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Saingme is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Vitkoviće is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Đurinac is a village in the municipality of Svrljig Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 200 people.
 Kinice [kiˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Kienitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Nowogródek Pomorski 15 km (9 mi) east of Myślibórz and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gandomkal (Persian: گندمكال‎ also Romanized as Gandomkāl; also known as Gandomkār) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 15 families.
 Mivali Shirkhan (Persian: ميولي شيرخان‎ also Romanized as Mīvalī Shīrkhān; also known as Mīr‘alī-ye Dārāb and Mīvalī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 27 families.
 Jahangir (Persian: جهانگير‎ also Romanized as Jahāngīr) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 5 families.
 Amadgah Shahid Mohasan Ghafurian (Persian: امادگاه شهيدمحسن غفوريان‎ also Romanized as Āmādgāh Shahīd Moḥasan Ghafūrīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Øvre Årdal is a village in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is the larger of the two primary villages in Årdal. The village is situated at the northern end of the 9-kilometre (5.6 mi) long lake Årdalsvatnet with the village of Årdalstangen at the southern end. The 2.24-square-kilometre (550-acre) village has a population (2012) of 3397 giving the village a population density of 1517 inhabitants per square kilometre (3930 /sq mi).
 Bordakan (Persian: بردكان‎ also Romanized as Bordakān) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 14 families.
 Stok Polski [ˈstɔk ˈpɔlski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Błaszki 25 km (16 mi) west of Sieradz and 77 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kolnowice [kɔlnɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Biała Prudnicka 9 km (6 mi) north of Prudnik and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Qias Kandi (Persian: قياسكندي‎ also Romanized as Qīās Kandī) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 78 families.
 Bagh-e Esfahanuiyeh (Persian: باغ اصفهانوئيه‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Eṣfahānū’īyeh; also known as Eṣfehānūueeyeh) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 21 families.
 Golabundan-e Olya (Persian: گلابوندان عليا‎ also Romanized as Golābūndān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Golāvandān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 19 families.
 Mięcierzyn [mjɛnˈt͡ɕɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Rogowo 21 km (13 mi) south of Żnin and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Chah Zal (Persian: چاه زال‎ also Romanized as Chāh Zāl) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Dizaj (Persian: ديزج‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District Mohammadiyeh District Alborz County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 86 families.
 Tarnowo [tarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kostrzyn and 21 km (13 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nieczulice [ɲɛt͡ʂuˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pawłów 16 km (10 mi) south of Starachowice and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 470.
 Suhodol is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Brežani is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 61 people.
 Grochy-Łętownica [ˈɡrɔxɨ wɛntɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 90.
 Javorník is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Shadab (Persian: شاداب‎ also Romanized as Shādāb) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sukhvor-e Kohzad (Persian: سوخوركهزاد‎ also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Kohzād and Sūkhūr-e Kohzād; also known as Sūkhvor Gahzād) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 355 in 80 families.
 Češko Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Чешко Село) (in Czech Česká ves) is a village located in the Bela Crkva municipality in the South Banat District of Serbia. It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. The village has a Czech ethnic majority (84.78%) and its population numbering 46 people (2002 census). Its name means the Czech village and it is the only settlement with Czech majority in Vojvodina and Serbia.
 Tarnawa Wyżna [tarˈnava ˈvɨʐna] (Ukrainian: Тернава Вижня Ternava Vyzhnia) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Lutowiska 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and 120 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Sajóörös is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Engenes is a small fishing village in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county Norway. It is located on the northwestern tip of the island of Andørja. The village is home to Andørja Church the main church for the island.
 Zabiele-Piliki [zaˈbjɛlɛ piˈliki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Olszewo-Borki 14 km (9 mi) west of Ostrołęka and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Qadi Kola (Persian: قاديكلا‎ also Romanized as Qādī Kolā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 66 families.
 Naqdali-ye Olya (Persian: نقدعلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Naqd‘alī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Naqd‘alī-ye Bālā) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 65 families.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kümbet is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Shireh Choqa (Persian: شيره چقا‎ also Romanized as Shīreh Choqā and Shīreh Cheqā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 22 families.
 Kozarevići (Serbian: Козаревићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Novo Sarajevo.
 Nowy Konik [ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Halinów 19 km (12 mi) west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 21 km (13 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 230.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 569 in 113 families.
 Layeh (Persian: لايه‎ also Romanized as Lāyeh Layah and Layyeh; also known as Layakh) is a village in Kalisham Rural District Amarlu District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 47 families.
 Tân Trung is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Gav Zard (Persian: گاوزرد‎ also Romanized as Gāv Zard; also known as Gāhdar Gāh Zard Gazak Gāzard Geh Zard and Gezak) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 43 families.
 Podsośnina Łukowska [pɔtsɔɕˈnina wuˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowa within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łukowa 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 98 km (61 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 169.
 Siah Bisheh (Persian: سياه بيشه‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Bīsheh; also known as Siabushi and Zardmān) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nilavareh-ye Olya (Persian: نيلاوره عليا‎ also Romanized as Nīlāvareh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Nīlaura and Nīlāvareh) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 12 families.
 Narince is a village in the Bozyazı district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated to the northwest of Bozyazı. The distance to Bozyazı is 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) and the distance to Mersin was 205 kilometres (127 mi). The population of the village is 492 as of 2011.
 Barmacheh-ye Pain Mahalleh (Persian: برمچه پائين محل‎ also Romanized as Barmacheh-ye Pā’īn Maḩal; also known as Barmacheh) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 538 in 143 families.
 Kopaniny [kɔpaˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Końskie and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mian Darreh (Persian: ميان دره‎ also Romanized as Mīān Darreh) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 52 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Hasan Nazerian (Persian: تلمبه محمدحسن نظريان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Ḩasan Naẓerīān) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rudkhaneh (Persian: رودخانه‎ also Romanized as Rūdkhāneh; also known as Pūl and Rūdkhāneh Pol) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād and Hosein Abad) is a village in Sardshir Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 53 families.
 Yeghnajur (Armenian: Եղնաջուր also Romanized as Eghnajur; formerly Chivinli and Ch’invinli) is a village in the rural community of Garnarich in the Shirak Province of Armenia. Its population was 28 at the 2001 census.
 Pelican Narrows is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located on the western shore of Moose Lake south of Moose Lake Provincial Park. It is connected to Bonnyville by Highway 28.
 Latkovac (Serbian: Латковац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 474 people.
 Aghkand-e Qareh Khezer (Persian: اغكندقره خضر‎ also Romanized as Āgh Kand-e Qareh Kheẕer; also known as Āqkand-e Qareh Kheẕer) is a village in Leylan-e Jonubi Rural District Leylan District Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 540 in 129 families.
 Hatpokhar (Hindi: हाटपोखर ) is a village in Deoria district in the state of Uttar Pradesh India.
 Malchapur is a panchayat village in Bidar District Karnataka India. Administratively it is under Bhalki Taluka of Bidar District. The village of Malchapur is 18 km by road west of the city of Bidar.There are three villages in the Malchapur gram panchayat: Malchapur Khanapur and Rudnoor.
 Wilkołek Unikowski [vilˈkɔwɛk uniˈkɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Złoczew 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Majnun (Persian: مجنون‎ also Romanized as Majnūn and Majnoon; also known as Majaūn) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District Rig District Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 30 families.
 Kucice [kuˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Dzierzążnia 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Płońsk and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Brzice is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mrozów [ˈmrɔzuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Miękinia 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Środa Śląska and 19 kilometres (12 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1100.
 Dragosinjci is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 672 people.
 Khvosh Mardan (Persian: خوشمردان‎ also Romanized as Khvosh Mardān; also known as Khvūsh Mardān) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 62 families.The true Romanized word is Khosh Mardan; unfortunately all above pages and categories has the same mistake and letter v is extra!
 Władysławów Popowski [vwadɨˈswavuf pɔˈpɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Głowno 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kalewal Fattu is a small Indian village located in Hoshiarpur district. The Purewal clan can trace its origins to this village among others.[citation needed]This village was settled by Rai Singh Purewal. He named it Kalewal Fattu after his son Fateh Singh Purewal that's why its called Kalewal Fattu Fattu for Fateh.Famous villagers include Major Dr. Madankirpal Singh Purewal Major Dr.
 Mahmud Lat (Persian: محمودلات‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūd Lāt) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brzeszczki Duże [ˈbʐɛʂt͡ʂki ˈduʐɛ] (German: Bressen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Rypin and 53 km (33 mi) east of Toruń.
 Now Deh Bam (Persian: نوده بام‎ also Romanized as Now Deh Bām; also known as Now Deh) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 985 in 296 families.
 Emamzadeh Ala ol Din (Persian: امامزاده علاالدين‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh ‘Alā’ ol Dīn and Emāmzādeh ‘Alā’ od Dīn) is a village in Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 84 families.
 Dobrzęcino [dɔbʐɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kobylnica 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Słupsk and 114 km (71 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Łężyca [wɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sa] (formerly German Lansitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 km (4 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 1046.
 Darvishabad (Persian: درويش اباد‎ also Romanized as Darvīshābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 17 families.
 Yasenite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Nahriyeh (Persian: نهريه‎ also Romanized as Nahrīyeh; also known as Mor‘īyeh) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Dalecheh (Persian: دلچه‎) is a village in Sangar Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 735 in 211 families.
 Wilczkowice Średnie [vilt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɕrɛdɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Łęczyca and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 180.
 Bednarskie [bɛdˈnarskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipinki within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lipinki 13 km (8 mi) east of Gorlice and 110 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 180.
 Shir Aliabad (Persian: شيرعلي آباد‎ also Romanized as Shīr ʿAlīābād) is a village in Anjirabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 439 in 110 families.
 Darreh-ye Hard (Persian: دره هرد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Hard; also known as Darhard and Darreh Har) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 38 families.
 Kushkak (Persian: كوشكك‎ also Romanized as Kūshkak) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 89 families.
 Alequ (Persian: القو‎ also Romanized as Āleqū) is a village in Varqeh Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 45 families.
 Danków [ˈdankuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 120.
 Naruszewo [naruˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Naruszewo. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Płońsk and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Mobarakabad (Persian: مباركاباد‎ also Romanized as Mobārakābād and Mūbārīkabad) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 14 families.
 Janowo-Olędry [jaˈnɔvɔ ɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Banatska Palanka (Serbian Cyrillic: Банатска Паланка) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bela Crkva municipality South Banat District Vojvodina province. The population of the village numbering 837 people (2002 census) of whom 752 (89.84%) are ethnic Serbs.
 Aïn Choucha is a village in the commune of Sidi Amrane in Djamaâ District El Oued Province Algeria. The village is located on the western side of the N3 highway 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) south of Djamaa.
 Wola Przybysławska [ˈvɔla pʂɨbɨˈswafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1600.
 Zaer Abbas (Persian: زايرعباس‎ also Romanized as Zā’er ‘Abbās; also known as Zā’er ‘Abbāsī) is a village in Khvormuj Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 18 families.
 Veerachinnampatty is a village in Dindigul district Tamil Nadu India. This village is located on the way of Dindigul and Natham highway. This village is a separate panchayat in sanarpatty union.
 Glen Ellyn is an affluent village in DuPage County Illinois United States. As of the 2010 Census the village population was 27450.
 Stary Górnik [ˈstarɨ ˈɡurnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Henryków [xɛnˈrɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Stawki [ˈstafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Głowaczów 18 km (11 mi) west of Kozienice and 74 km (46 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Chenequa is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 590 at the 2010 census. Chenequa is the second-most wealthy incorporated area in Wisconsin with an average per-capita income of $86552.
 Vadakkumbhagom is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Miranovac is a village in the municipality of Bela Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 43 people.
 Sławęcice [swavɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Góra and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Subotinac (Serbian: Суботинац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 1061 people.
 Khalaj (Persian: خلج‎) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 97 families.
 Piski [ˈpiski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Czerwin 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Tralewo [traˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Staw within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nowy Staw 9 km (6 mi) north of Malbork and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 230.
 Rzeszotary [ʐɛʂɔˈtarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątniki Górne within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Świątniki Górne and 14 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 2500.
 Kucze [ˈkut͡ʂɛ] (German: Kutzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Kalinowo 17 km (11 mi) east of Ełk and 139 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Stary Gieląd [ˈstarɨ ˈɡʲɛlɔnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sorkwity 10 km (6 mi) west of Mrągowo and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 180.
 Masheh Kah (Persian: مشه كه‎) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 29 families.
 Nieszki [ˈɲeʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Bakałarzewo 18 km (11 mi) west of Suwałki and 109 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Rynarcice [rɨnarˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (German: Groß Rinnersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Qezel Qaleh-ye Pain (Persian: قزل قلعه پائين‎ also Romanized as Qezel Qal‘eh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 20 families.
 Miháld is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Nuvem is a village in Salcete Goa situated along the National Highway 17. Its neighbouring villages include Verna known for its industrial estate; Majorda known for its beach; and Seraulim. It is located 5 km from its district headquarters Margão 24 km from Vasco da Gama and 29 km from the state capital Panjim.Nuvem is home to two educational institutions: IAM and the Carmel College for Women.Football is the most popular sport in Nuvem. Konkani tiatrs are also very popular.
 Girot (Urdu: گِروٹ‎) is a village and Union council in Khushab District Punjab Pakistan and is region 28 out of 51. It is situated on the western Bank of River Jehlum and 26 kilometres (16 mi) towards south from Khushab. Specifically it is located at 32°5'6N 72°16'29E. The village has only one Branch of MCB Bank a basic health facility and Post Office.
 Deh-e Kharabeh Kand (Persian: ده خرابه كند‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kharābeh Kand; also known as Deh-e Kharābeh Kan Kharābeh Kand and Kharābeh-ye Kandeh) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 10 families.
 Maidla is a village in Saue Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Omm ol Azam (Persian: ام العظام‎ also Romanized as Omm ol ʿAẓām) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Beligamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Anyanui is a village in Keta Municipal District.Anyanui is connected to Ada Foah by a ferry which runs every Wednesday calling at a number of other villages on the way.Anyanui is subject to coastal erosion and a $60 million project has been initiated to cover the 2.7 kilometres between Anyanui and Akplortorkor.
 Obra [ˈɔbra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wolsztyn and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 2059.
 Lis Koti (Persian: ليس كتي‎ also Romanized as Līs Kotī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 20 families.
 Gavkul (Persian: گاوكول‎ also Romanized as Gāvkūl) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 60 families.
 Clondrohid (Irish: Cluain Droichead) is a small village in County Cork Ireland four miles (6 km) north of Macroom. Population is estimated as 900 people living in the parish. The name of the village means 'the meadow of the bridges'. The name comes from the milling chaff blowing across the bridge onto the meadow across. Local amenities include Clondrohid National School and community hall and a number of shops pubs and services.
 Koźmice Małe [kɔʑˈmit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wieliczka and 19 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIKu8iVUASA&feature=context-chaThe village has a population of 518.
 Kujawy [kuˈjavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Iwaniska 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Opatów and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 370.
 Kawnice [kavˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golina within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Golina 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Konin and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1149.
 Natolin [naˈtɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieck within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Alamabad (Persian: عالم آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālamābād ‘Ālāmābād and ‘Alemābād; also known as ‘Ālamābād-e Soflá) is a village in Silakhor Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 99 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Baqerabad (Persian: تلمبه باقراباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bāqerābād) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bala Deh (Persian: بالاده‎ also Romanized as Bālā Deh; also known as Sekīnābād) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2379 in 524 families.
 Chahar Bagh (Persian: چهارباغ‎ also Romanized as Chahār Bāgh) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 83 families.
 Darreh Eshgaft (Persian: دره اشگفت‎; also known as Dareshgaft-e ‘Olyā and Darreh Eshkaft-e Bālā) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 15 families.
 Pałubin [paˈwubin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Stara Kiszewa 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 264.
 Jankowice [jankɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnia Raciborska within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Kuźnia Raciborska 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Racibórz and 45 km (28 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 440.
 Malagali is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Jastrzębie [jasˈtʂɛmbjɛ] (German Nassadel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Drawień [ˈdravjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Szczecinek and 153 km (95 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Yahyaabad (Persian: يحيي اباد‎ also Romanized as Yaḩyáābād; also known as Eḩyā’ābād Ehyābād and Yaḩyāābād-e Bozorg) is a village in Kahruyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 26 families.
 Villa Salavina is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] (Ukrainian: Дубрівка Dubrivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulanów within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ulanów 14 km (9 mi) east of Nisko and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Antwerp is a village in Paulding County Ohio United States along the Maumee River. Antwerp is home of the Antwerp Archers. The population was 1736 at the 2010 census.Antwerp is the nearest village to the Six Mile Reservoir the site of the Reservoir War in 1887. Antwerp is the birthplace of Asa Long the English draughts player. The place is named after the Belgian city of Antwerp.
 Badamuiyeh (Persian: باداموييه‎ also Romanized as Bādāmū’īyeh; also known as Badāmān) is a village in Horjand Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 51 families.
 Goriçan Çlirim is a village in the municipality of Kutalli in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Marianów [maˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Aleksandrów 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 140.
 Bhirgaun is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4413 people living in 792 individual households.
 Håbbestad is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Wiśniew [ˈviɕɲef] is a village in Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiśniew. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Siedlce and 90 km (56 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 870.
 Effutu is a village in Effutu Municipal District in the Central Region of Ghana. The village is known for the Effutu Secondary School School. The school is a second cycle institution.
 Pokrzywnica [pɔkʂɨvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Piątek 19 km (12 mi) east of Łęczyca and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Racławice Małe [rat͡swaˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żórawina and 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Karabağlar is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 79 people.
 Qabeleh (Persian: قبله‎) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District in the Central District of Alborz County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowy Jasień [ˈnɔvɨ ˈjaɕeɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lubochnia 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Garal is a small village located 20 km south of Barmer Rajasthan India.
 Malczewo [malˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Nożyno [nɔˈʐɨnɔ] (German: Groß Nossin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Czarna Dąbrówka 21 km (13 mi) north of Bytów and 75 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 312.
 Musakolu Kuyucak is a village in the District of Kuyucak Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 298 people.
 Kerishan (Persian: كريشان‎ also Romanized as Kerīshān) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 24 families.
 Emmuvere is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Mowtowr-e Harun Amiri (Persian: موتور هارون اميري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hārūn Amīrī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 26 families.
 Zglechów [ˈzɡlɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 48 km (30 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Gudipala is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Swaryczów [sfaˈrɨt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Zamość and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Navkan (Persian: ناوكان‎ also Romanized as Nāvkān; also known as Nāhūkān) is a village in Ashar Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 31 families.
 Konin [ˈkɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rędziny within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 71 km (44 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 851.
 Abbas Kuh (Persian: عباسكوه‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbās Kūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 122 families.
 Port Jefferson (informally known as Port Jeff) is an incorporated village in the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County New York on the North Shore of Long Island. Officially known as the Incorporated Village of Port Jefferson the population was 7750 as of the 2010 United States Census. Originally a center of the shipbuilding industry the village has since transitioned to a tourist-based economy.
 Kani Quzan (Persian: كاني قوزان‎ also Romanized as Kānī Qūzān; also known as Kānī Gūzān) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 57 families.
 Składów [ˈskwaduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Baranów 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Puławy and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 80.
 Dolnoseltsi is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 San Pedro (Catamarca – Santiago del Estero) is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Gilbert (Argentina) is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Qorbanlu (Persian: قربانلو‎ also Romanized as Qorbānlū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 13 families.
 Digamarru is a village in the West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh State IndiaHere there is a famous Shiva temple. In Digamarru there is a famous area Shivanandi Peta. The main attraction here is Bala Vanayaka Swami Temple. In this temple the people will make puja(prayer) and prasadam every week bhajana(singing devotional songs with music) in Bala Vinayaka swami temple is foamous for surroundig areas of Digamarru.....'
 Sorkhavan (Persian: سرخوان‎ also Romanized as Sorkhavān and Sorkhvān) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Słonów [ˈswɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Dobiegniew 19 km (12 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 43 km (27 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Stefanów Barczewski Pierwszy [stɛˈfanuf barˈt͡ʂɛfski ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Brzeźnio 15 km (9 mi) south of Sieradz and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jawali Maharashtra (Jaoli or Javali ) is small village located in Mahadeva Mountain range of Phaltan Tehsil of Satara district of Indian state of Maharashtra. The village is also known as Siddhanathachi Jawali / Jaoli / Javli.
 Postan Sar (Persian: پستان سر‎ also Romanized as Postān Sar) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 12 families.
 Parcice [parˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Czastary 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Wieruszów and 101 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Błenna [ˈbwɛnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Izbica Kujawska 32 km (20 mi) south of Włocławek and 75 km (47 mi) south of Toruń.
 Vezmeleh (Persian: وزمله‎ also Romanized as Vozmaleh) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 45 families.
 Mokhdan (Persian: مخدان‎ also Romanized as Mokhdān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Chal-e Siyah Mazkur (Persian: چال سياه مذكور‎ also Romanized as Chāl-e Sīyāh Maẕkūr) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nepoměřice is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Lekowo [lɛˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Regimin 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Ciechanów and 86 km (53 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Łysokanie [wɨsɔˈkaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłaj within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Wieliczka and 26 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Uchańka [uˈxaɲka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dubienka 28 km (17 mi) east of Chełm and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 220.
 Thokarpa is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4182 and had 827 houses in it.
 Amravan (Persian: عمروان‎ also Romanized as Amravān ‘Amrevān and Amrevān) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 45 families.
 Wąsewo [vɔ̃ˈsɛvɔ] is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wąsewo. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 87 km (54 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 780.
 Żabnik [ˈʐabnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sośnie 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 107 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sypitki [sɨˈpitki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Kalinowo 15 km (9 mi) east of Ełk and 136 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Roje [ˈrɔjɛ] (German Royen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Miłakowo 30 km (19 mi) north of Ostróda and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Lipovac is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 79 people.
 Elmalı is a village in the Vezirköprü district Samsun Province Turkey.
 Buda Ruska [ˈbuda ˈruska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Krasnopol 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Sejny and 104 km (65 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Arasanj-e Qadim (Persian: اراسنج قديم‎ also Romanized as Ārāsanj-e Qadīm; also known as Ārāsanj Ārāsanj-e Pā’īn and Ārāsanj-e Soflá) is a village in Zahray-ye Pain Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 670 in 139 families.
 Ayippuzha is a hamlet (thorp) in Pattannur Kannur district Kerala India. It lies on the banks of the Irikkur River in the south part of Pattannur. Economically and geographically it is a part of the town of Irikkur in the government records.
 Stary Puznów [ˈstarɨ ˈpuznuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Garwolin and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Heydarkhani (Persian: حيدرخاني‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarkhānī) is a village in Kunani Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1315 in 278 families.
 Zalesie-Stefanowo [zaˈlɛɕɛ stɛfaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Czyżew-Osada 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Har Kuh (Persian: هركوه‎ also Romanized as Har Kūh) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 38 families.
 Vadi Ahmad (Persian: وادي احمد‎ also Romanized as Vādī Aḩmad; also known as Vādīḩamad) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 13 families.
 Dhudial is a village and union council an administrative subdivision of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan it is part of Chakwal Tehsil. It is one of the largest villages of Chakwal District and is located at 33°3'52N 72°58'24E about 70 km south of the capital Islamabad. Members of the Kassar tribe make up the bulk of the population. It is one of a cluster of villages such as Balkassar Chawli Mangwal and Balokassar which were form the tribal homeland of the Kassar
 Yahyayazıcılar is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 292 people.
 Mačina is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 67 people.
 Eslami Emam Reza Garrison (Persian: پادگان اسلامي امام رضا‎ – Pādegān-e Eslāmī Emām Rez̤ā) is a village and military installation in Qareh Naz Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3361 in 853 families.
 Kolonia Chorzew [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈxɔʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kiełczygłów 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 280.
 Tur Górny [ˈtur ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Michałów 10 km (6 mi) west of Pińczów and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Bharta Pundyadevi is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3719.
 Sheykhiabad-e Sofla (Persian: شيخي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sheykhīābād-e Soflá; also known as Shaikabad Shaikhābād Sheykhābād-e Soflá Sheykhīābād and Sheykhīābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 86 families.
 Orgemäe is a village in Alatskivi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Wielka Wieś [ˈvjɛlka ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Parzęczew 14 km (9 mi) north of Zgierz and 22 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kanchanpur is a small village located in Rohtas district Bihar state India. It is mostly inhabited by Sikarwar Rajputs. This small village has produced many eminent persons having illustrious careers.
 Budniki [budˈniki] (German: Bundien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Yağmuroğlu Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Chul Khoshk (Persian: چول خشك‎ also Romanized as Chūl Khoshk) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Godar Takht (Persian: گدارتخت‎ also Romanized as Godār Takht) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 17 families.
 Sheykh Jan (Persian: شيخجان‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Jān) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 53 families.
 Solhabad (Persian: صلح اباد‎ also Romanized as Solḥābād) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District Rural District Shahrabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dhuseni is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4514.
 Madumana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ljubatovići is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tabas (Persian: طبس‎ also Romanized as Ţabas; also known as Katal Ţabas) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 793 in 261 families.
 Zygry [ˈzɨɡrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Zadzim 15 km (9 mi) south of Poddębice and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Barkaçboz is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1056 people.
 Template:For the village GhuzanQuzan (Persian: قوزان‎ also Romanized as Qūzān and Qowzān; also known as Ghoozan Ghūzān and Qozān) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 88 families.
 Ogrody [ɔˈɡrɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Święciechowa within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Święciechowa 7 km (4 mi) west of Leszno and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Posada [pɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Przytyk 25 km (16 mi) west of Radom and 88 km (55 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Niegosławice [ɲɛɡɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wodzisław 13 km (8 mi) south of Jędrzejów and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 400.
 Pomarzanowice [pɔmaʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Pobiedziska and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Przyborów [pʂɨˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Widawa 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Łask and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Kappapahad is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ibrahimpatnam mandal.
 Przepitki [pʂɛˈpitki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qarahlar (Persian: قره لر‎ also Romanized as Qarehlar; also known as Qarahtar) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kat (Persian: كت‎; also known as Chat) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 76 families.
 Dharapani is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the town had a population of 5236 living in 1020 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 6455 of which 65% was literate.
 Keshli (Persian: كشلي‎ also Romanized as Keshlī) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2784 in 719 families.
 Aralluy-e Bozorg (Persian: ارالوي بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Ārāllūy-e Bozorg; also known as Ārāllū-ye Bozorg Bīlah Daraq and Bīlah Daraq-e Fūlādlū) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2276 in 448 families.
 Vinska (Cyrillic: Винска) is a village in the municipality of Brod Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Laftun (Persian: لفتون‎ also Romanized as Laftūn) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 32 families.
 Chahar Biti (Persian: چهاربيتي‎ also Romanized as Chahār Bītī; also known as Chahār Bīd Chahār Bīdī Charta Bīt Kahīr and Kahīr-e Chenār Bīd) is a village in Kahir Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 62 families.
 Abburu (Hunsur) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hunsur taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Kuran (Persian: كوران‎ also Romanized as Kūrān) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1195 in 207 families.
 Chorzemin [xɔˈʐɛmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wolsztyn and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 798.
 Mikołajewo [mikɔwaˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Staroźreby 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Płock and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Rewica Królewska [rɛˈvit͡sa kruˈlɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Jeżów 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Brzeziny and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Gubin Do (Serbian Cyrillic: Губин До) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 451.
 Milles (Arabic: ملَس‎) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively belonging to the Idlib Governorate. The village is 18 km from the city of Idlib 120 km west of Aleppo and is in between Idlibto 18 km  and Salqeento 35 km . Milles is near to Turkey and is located between two mountains. Baresh is the first and Alaly is the second. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics the town had a population of 2938 in the 2004 census.
 Przetycz Włościańska [ˈpʂɛtɨt͡ʂ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mazraeh-ye Aqa Hoseyn (Persian: مزرعه اقاحسين‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Āqā Ḩoseyn) is a village in Dehkuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 13 families.
 Kolut (Serbian Cyrillic: Колут) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Sombor municipality in the West Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1710 people (2002 census).
 Klimenta is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qarah Gol-e Kalleh (Persian: قره گل كله‎) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 513 in 98 families.
 Chichaklu (Persian: چيچكلو‎ also Romanized as Chīchaklū; also known as Chechaklū and Chichiklu) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 59 families.
 Bąk [bɔŋk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Charvadeh (Persian: چروده‎ also Romanized as Cherū Deh; also known as Charvadeh-e Pā‘īn) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 44 families.
 Kanavand (Persian: كناوند‎ also Romanized as Kanāvand Kanawand Kanvand and Kenāvand) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 137 families.
 Młynne [ˈmwɨnnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ochotnica Dolna within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Ochotnica Dolna 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Nowy Targ and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sar Asiab-e Bala (Persian: سراسياب بالا‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Bālā; also known as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 502 in 104 families.
 Małuszów [maˈwuʂuf] (German: Malsen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobierzyce within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kobierzyce and 18 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Pühatu is a village in Raikküla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Şamlar is a village in Başakşehir district of İstanbul Province Turkey. It is situated in the European portion of Turkey so called Rumeli at 41°07′N 28°44′E to the east of the Sazlıdere Dam reservoir. It is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northwest of Başakşehir. The population of Şamlar is 3448 as of 2010. The oldest building in the village is a mosque dated 1839. A part of village territory was confiscated during the construction of Sazlıdere Dam.
 Berduj is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 157 people.
 Campion is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Buen Pasto is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Nahr-e Kut (Persian: نهركوت‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Kūt; also known as Kūt) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 39 families.
 Chrusty [ˈxrustɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kelituiyeh (Persian: كليتو ئيه‎ also Romanized as Kelītū’īyeh and Kalītūyeh; also known as Chehchoo Kalato Kalātū Kelātū and Kelī Tū) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 41 families.
 Kalana is a village and seat of the commune of Gouandiaka in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. It is 44 km south of Yanfolila.
 Niwa [ˈɲiva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Czuchów [ˈt͡ʂuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Platerów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Łosice and 123 km (76 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh-ye Sharifi (Persian: مزرعه شريفي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sharīfī; also known as Semnānī) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Podłęże Królewskie [pɔdˈwɛ̃ʐɛ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzepice within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Krzepice 20 km (12 mi) west of Kłobuck and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 169.
 Skržuti (Serbian Cyrillic: Скржути) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 817.
 Dastgerd-e Mar (Persian: دستگردمار‎ also Romanized as Dastgerd-e Mār; also known as Dastgerd and Dastjerdbār) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 653 in 153 families.
 Bodaczki [bɔˈdat͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Boćki 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 150.
 Ekinova' is a village in the District of Kızılören Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Monte Pulito is a small village (curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the castle of Faetano.
 Tolombeh-ye Rashid Farkhi (Persian: تلمبه رشيدفرخي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rashīd Farkhī) is a village in Baghin Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Godzisz [ˈɡɔd͡ʑiʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sobolew 22 km (14 mi) south of Garwolin and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Mawphlang is a village in the East Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya state in north-eastern India 25 kilometers from Shillong. The word maw means stone maw phlang means grassy stone and is one of many settlements in the Khasi hills named after monoliths.Mawphlang was the centre of Presbyterian Church of Wales missionary and medical activity in the Khasi Hills during the 1890s.
 Mangalagatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kozdere Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 406 people.
 Khorram Rah (Persian: خرم راه‎ also Romanized as Khorram Rāh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 64 families.
 Qarah Qassab (Persian: قره قصاب‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qaşşāb and Qareh Qaşşāb) is a village in Almahdi Rural District Mohammadyar District Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 731 in 157 families.
 Golubinac (Cyrillic: Голубинац) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.In the 1991 census it had 11 inhabitants all of them being Croats. Prior the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina it belonged to Trebinje municipality.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as `Aliābād; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Chahār Bīsheh) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Kłosówko [kwɔˈsufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Przodkowo 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 51.
 Jonionys is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 66 people.
 Kownacica [kɔvnaˈt͡ɕit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sobolew 16 km (10 mi) south of Garwolin and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 486 in 99 families.
 Thạch Hóa is a commune (xã) and village in Tuyên Hóa District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Ali Bolaghi (Persian: علي بلاغي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Bolāghī and Alibolagi; also known as ‘Alī Būlāghī ‘Alībulāqi and Marchīn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bash Khalaj (Persian: باش خلج‎ also Romanized as Bāsh Khalaj; also known as Bāsh Khalīj) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 26 families.
 Demirciler is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 528 people.
 Witomierz [viˈtɔmjɛʂ] (German: Johannishof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Karnice 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Gryfice and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Abezhdan-e Sofla (Persian: ابژدان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ābezhdān-e Soflá; also known as Ābeshdūn and Ābeshdūn-e Soflá) is a village in Abolfares Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 33 families.
 Srock [srɔt͡sk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Moszczenica 16 km (10 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 720.
 Thalavoor is a village located in the district of Kollam in the Kerala state of India. It is 77 km to the north of the State Capital Thiruvananthapuram and 28 km to the east of District Capital Kollam. Thalavoor village is bordered by Pattazhy village to the north Pidavoor village to the north-east Vilakkudy village to the south-east Melila village to the south and Mylom village to the west.
 Poozhikol also known as Karikkakuzhi is a remote place in India which lies in both Kaduthuruthy and Mulakkulam Panchayats. Poozhikol lies in between Appanchira on the south-west Keezhoor (Njarukunnu) on the north and Mangadu on the east. The village once very remote and agrarian is now very well connected to near towns by roads.
 Fulad Kola (Persian: فولادكلا‎ also Romanized as Fūlād Kolā; also known as Pūlād Kolā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 75 families.
 Kamtuleh-ye Shahriari (Persian: كمتوله شهرياري‎ also Romanized as Kamtūleh-ye Shahrīārī; also known as Boneh-ye Kāmtūleh Kamtooleh and Kamtūleh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 26 families.
 Kudin (Persian: كودين‎ also Romanized as Kūdīn; also known as Kūdīān and Kū’īn) is a village in Khorram Makan Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 90 families.
 Królewski Dwór [kruˈlɛfski ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Parczew and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Franciszkowo [frant͡ɕiʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Złotów and 113 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 170.
 Asar is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Mowtowr-e Mazar Fathi (Persian: موتورمزارفتحي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mazār Fatḥī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 24 families.
 Błotno [ˈbwɔtnɔ] (German: Friedrichsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Nowogard 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Derakhtak (Persian: درختك‎ also Romanized as Darakhtak) is a village in Varzaq Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 92 families.
 Miroševce is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1053 people.
 Wistka [ˈvistka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Wielkie within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Strzelce Wielkie 6 km (4 mi) east of Pajęczno and 76 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Librantowa [libranˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Chełmiec 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 74 km (46 mi) southeast of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1099.
 Badopal (Hindi: बडोपल )mainly is a Village in Pilibanga tehsil of Hanumangarh District in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
 Mỹ Thanh is a commune (xã) and village in Bạch Thông District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Rozwory [rɔzˈvɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzekuń within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Rzekuń 13 km (8 mi) east of Ostrołęka and 111 km (69 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Laeste is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Dhamali is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 3212 living in 638 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 4111 of which 25% was literate.
 Adambar Ukkadai is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Rychnowy [rɨxˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Człuchów and 110 km (68 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 611.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] (German Rothhaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komprachcice within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Komprachcice and 7 km (4 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 419.
 Mramor is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 İymir Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pogorzelica [pɔɡɔʐɛˈlit͡sa] (German: Fischerkaten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rewal within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rewal 22 km (14 mi) north of Gryfice and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 119.
 Zoghal Chal (Persian: ذغال چال‎ also Romanized as Z̄oghāl Chāl) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Vahabzadeh (Persian: تلمبه وهاب زاده‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Vahābzādeh) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Skajboty [skai̯ˈbɔtɨ] (German: Skaibotten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Barczewo and 13 km (8 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Ciechanki Krzesimowskie [t͡ɕɛˈxanki kʂɛɕiˈmɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łęczna and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dubring is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4005 people living in 736 individual households.
 Marianów [maˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Strzelce 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Kutno and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Didehban (Persian: ديده بان‎ also Romanized as Dīdehbān; also known as Dīdebān) is a village in Emad Deh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1620 in 352 families.
 Lubichowo [lubiˈxɔvɔ] (German: Liebichau) is a village in Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubichowo. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2052.
 Hasanabad-e Emam Jomeh (Persian: حسن ابادامام جمعه‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Emām Jom‘eh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 31 families.
 Burgrabice [burɡraˈbit͡sɛ] (German Borkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Głuchołazy 16 km (10 mi) south of Nysa and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 750.
 Pol Sara (Persian: پل سرا‎ also Romanized as Pol Sarā) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1090 in 296 families.
 La Calera (San Luis) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Kormun (Persian: كرمون‎ also Romanized as Kormūn; also known as Kūrmūn) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 72 families.
 Keklicek is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dobrogostów [dɔbrɔˈɡɔstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hajjiabad-e Bazzazi (Persian: حاجي ابادبزازي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Bazzāzī) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District Atamalek District Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 110 families.
 Svor (Česká Lípa District) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Pocierzyn [pɔˈt͡ɕeʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Osięciny 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Radziejów and 40 km (25 mi) south of Toruń.
 Sedliště (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Świączyń [ˈɕfjɔnt͡ʂɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Książ Wielkopolski 20 km (12 mi) east of Śrem and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 141.
 Borecznia Wielka [bɔˈrɛt͡ʂɲa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Osiek Mały 12 km (7 mi) north of Koło and 119 km (74 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Diligent River is a rural community in Cumberland County Nova Scotia.
 Mołdawin [mɔwˈdavin] (German: Maldewin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Radowo Małe 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Łobez and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Konjuva is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 169 people.
 Bariku (Persian: بريكو‎ also Romanized as Bārīkū; also known as Bārīkūh and Pārī Kūh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Qarnaveh-ye Olya (Persian: قرناوه عليا‎ also Romanized as Qarnāveh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qarnāveh-ye Bālā and Qarnāveh) is a village in Golidagh Rural District Golidagh District Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1489 in 311 families.
 Dubnica is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 380 people.
 Glinica [ɡliˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jordanów Śląski within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Jordanów Śląski and 33 kilometres (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 180.
 Javaher Dasht (Persian: جواهردشت‎ also Romanized as Javāher Dasht) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tokor is a village in the Ketu Municipal district a district on the south-eastern corner of the Volta Region of Ghana near the Ghana-Togo border.
 Acharlahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located 3 km from Nandi Hills and 5 km from Muddenahalli-Kanivenarayanapura. It is located in the Dod Ballapur taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Malyam is a small village in Andhra Pradesh India. It is home to approximately 3000 people. Farming is Malyam's sole industry. Today Malyam is a better city because of transportation to larger cities and superior educational institutions. Malyam is also known as Malya. It is not known how it got its name. Malyam was recently threatened by Naxalite terrorists who were prevented from infiltrating the city.
 Dzieszkowo [d͡ʑeʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przybiernów 15 km (9 mi) north of Goleniów and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Spencer's Island is a rural community in Cumberland County Nova Scotia located at the western end of Greville Bay on the Bay of Fundy. The community is named after a small island 45°19′50″N 64°41′30″W of the same name located offshore from nearby Cape Spencer. According to local oral history the island cape and community trace their name to a man named Spencer who is buried on the island.Spencer's Island was used seasonally by the Mi'kmaq who called it Wochuk meaning small kettle island.
 Koruzhadeh (Persian: كروژده‎ also Romanized as Korūzhadeh) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 919 in 227 families.
 Solec [ˈsɔlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Paradyż 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sanjabadleh (Persian: سنجبدله‎; also known as Sangili Sanjīdleh and Senjīdlah) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kut-e Seyyed Soltan (Persian: كوت سيدسلطان‎ also Romanized as Kūt-e Seyyed Solţān) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1348 in 196 families.
 Galwadukumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Łabiszewo [wabiˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Labüssow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Dębnica Kaszubska 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Abak Ziri Haji Ali (Persian: آبک زیری حاجی علی ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mycielin [mɨˈt͡ɕelin] (German: Mietzelchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Dźwierzuty 21 km (13 mi) north of Szczytno and 26 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Paralovo is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 133 people.
 Turkincha is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Yar Hoseynabad (Persian: يارحسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Yār Ḩoseynābād; also known as Yār Ḩasanābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 32 families.
 Aklia is a small village in the Mansa district of Punjab India. The village is 24 kilometers from the cities of Mansa and Barnala. There are three gurdwaras situated in the village as well as a temple and a small mosque.
 Trębice Górne [trɛmˈbit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Shurab (Persian: شوراب‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb and Shūr Āb) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District Taghenkoh District Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1019 in 249 families.
 Neshlaj (Persian: نشلج‎ also Romanized as Nashlaj; also known as Nishlak) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2168 in 663 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowłódz within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Inowłódz 10 km (6 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mavdar (Persian: ماودر‎ also Romanized as Māvdar and Māvdār) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 35 families.
 Thokkalikkadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Arapoviće is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 61 people.
 Seyah Mari (Persian: سيه ماري‎ also Romanized as Seyah Mārī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Głobikowa [ɡwɔbiˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Dębica and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dzierwany [d͡ʑerˈvanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Wiżajny 25 km (16 mi) north of Suwałki and 133 km (83 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Yurtyenice is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Jarestan (Persian: جارستان‎ also Romanized as Jārestān) is a village in Korond Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Katumana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jebramki [jɛˈbramki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Prostki 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Ełk and 114 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Yarj (Persian: يرج‎ also Romanized as Yaraj; also known as Yarg) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 793 in 173 families.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 30 families.
 Kuniów [ˈkuɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kluczbork and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād and ‘Aliābād) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Idahlu (Persian: ايده لو‎ also Romanized as Idahlū and Idehloo; also known as Aikdulu Aindulu Īdalū and Īdelū) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shur Ab (Persian: شوراب‎ also Romanized as Shūr Āb) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 46 families.
 Kotlice-Kolonia [kɔˈtlit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Zamość and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.In 2005 the village had a population of 103.
 Mikandi (Persian: ميكندي‎ also Romanized as Mīkandī; also known as Makīdī and Myakidi) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 32 families.More than half of the population are members of Sarhangzadeh family who had the owned the village before the White Revolution (early 1960s).
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Dehpir Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 55 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Qarah Bolagh (Persian: مزرعه قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Qarah Bolāgh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dąbrówka Duża [dɔmˈbrufka ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Brzeziny and 20 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 340.
 Sar Kubeh (Persian: سركوبه‎ also Romanized as Sar Kūbeh Sar Koobeh and Ser Kūbeh) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 300 in 92 families.
 Stramnica [stramˈnit͡sa] (German: Alt Tramm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Kołobrzeg and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 210.
 Golojeh (Persian: گلجه‎ also Romanized as Goljeh; also known as Golūjeh Gūljeh Guludzhakh Gulujāh and Koljeh) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 84 families.
 Sud Kola (Persian: سودكلا‎ also Romanized as Sūd Kolā) is a village in Banaft Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 41 families.
 Yağşılar is a village in the District of Karpuzlu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 544 people.
 Koila is a village in Jõelähtme Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's lies on the left bank of the Jägala River.
 Bab Zangi (Persian: باب زنگي‎ also Romanized as Bāb Zangī) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Kani Rash (Persian: كاني رش‎ also Romanized as Kānī Rash) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 488 in 70 families.
 Zieliniec [ʑeˈliɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Września and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 490.
 Bobrowa [bɔˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Rägavere is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Päidre is a village in Halliste Parish Viljandi County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 62 (as of 1 January 2000).
 Kosta is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Habibabad (Persian: حبيب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩabībābād) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 5 families.
 New Knoxville is a village in Auglaize County Ohio United States. It was established in 1836. The population was 879 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Wapakoneta Ohio Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Bas Kutuku (Persian: بس كوتوكو‎ also Romanized as Bas Kūtūkū; also known as Bast Kūtak) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Pa Godar (Persian: پاگدار‎ also Romanized as Pā Godār) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 41 families.
 Chwalibogowo [xfalibɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Strzałkowo 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Słupca and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ajjakadirenahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sidlaghatta taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Karevanchi (Persian: كاروانچي‎ also Romanized as Kārevānchī) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 68 families.
 Koreshk (Persian: كرشك‎; also known as Qoreysh and Quraish) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 22 families.
 Darniyan (Persian: درنيان‎ also Romanized as Darnīyān; also known as Darīnān and Dar Nīān) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Nart [nart] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Jakubów 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 52 km (32 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Aq Taqeh-ye Qadim (Persian: اق تقه قديم‎ also Romanized as Āq Taqeh-ye Qadīm; also known as Āq Toqeh-ye Qadīm) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran.
 Nowy Kobylnik [ˈnɔvɨ kɔˈbɨlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Białobrzegi and 77 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Dağlı is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the forests of the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Erdemli is 19 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 29 kilometres (18 mi) . The population of Dağlı is 962 as of 2011. The village is known for the ruins of an ancient castle (Turkish: Dağlı kalesi) which requires restoration. There is also an ancient public fountain. Main economic activity of the village is fruit farming.
 Türkmenakören is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Nowe Drozdowo [ˈnɔvɛ drɔzˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tammiku is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Bahramabad (Persian: بهرام اباد‎ also Romanized as Bahrāmābād) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 11 families.
 Stara Dąbrówka [ˈstara dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Godlewo Milewek [ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ miˈlɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nur 31 km (19 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 107 km (66 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Zbychowo [zbɨˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wejherowo and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 489.
 Al Kidwah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Rzuchów [ˈʐuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowie within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sadowie 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Opatów and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 310.
 Soleymanabad (Persian: سليمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Soleymānābād) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1696 in 466 families.
 Bijan (Persian: بيجان‎ also Romanized as Bījān; also known as Bejān) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hataraliyadda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hanley Hills is a village in St. Louis County Missouri United States. The population was 2101 at the 2010 census.
 Sharif (Persian: شريف‎ also Romanized as Sharīf) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 36 families.
 Ankiririsa is a coastal fishing village on the southwest coast of Madagascar. It is connected by road to Anakao in the north. To the southeast is the Lake Tsimanampetsotsa and Tsimanampetsotsa National Park.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 26 families.
 Sirimalwatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dehnow-e Markazi (Persian: دهنومركزي‎ also Romanized as Dehnow-e Markazī) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 868 in 184 families.
 Qodratabad (Persian: قدرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Qodratābād; also known as Nīm Forskh) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rugir-e Taj Amiri (Persian: روگيرتاج اميري‎ also Romanized as Rūgīr-e Tāj Amīrī) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 28 families.
 Kutaranatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ramgadhawa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2796.
 Gençosman Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Kani Qaleh (Persian: كاني قلعه‎ also Romanized as Kānī Qal‘eh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 23 families.
 Karyun (Persian: كاريون‎ also Romanized as Kāryūn; also known as Karpūn and Kāryām) is a village in Bostan Rural District Sangan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 636 in 122 families.
 Hodslavice (German: Hotzendorf) is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Molla Vali (Persian: ملاولي‎ also Romanized as Mollā Valī) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 37 families.
 Krajewice Duże [krajɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zawidz 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Sierpc and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Jur Deh (Persian: جورده‎ also Romanized as Jūr Deh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 12 families.
 Ayeshbon-e Sofla (Persian: ايشبن سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ayeshbon-e Soflá) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 439 in 128 families.
 Kopina [kɔˈpina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milanów within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Milanów 11 km (7 mi) north of Parczew and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gjesvær (Northern Sami: Geaissvearra) is an old fishing village in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is the only place in Finnmark known from the Viking Age and is mentioned in the Heimskringla saga as Geirsver.
 Taq Tavi (Persian: طاق تاوي‎ also Romanized as Ţāq Tāvī and Ţāqţāvī) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Perlez (Serbian Cyrillic: Перлез) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality in the Central Banat District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (87.29%) and its population numbering 3818 people (2002 census).
 Almalu (Persian: المالو‎ also Romanized as Ālmālū) is a village in Zeri Rural District Qatur District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 913 in 203 families.
 Emiotungan also Meltungon is an inland village of about 70 inhabitants in the southwestern part of the island of Ambrym in Vanuatu.Emiotungan which means house of fight in the local Dakaka language has a recognized nasara a cult place used for ceremonies. It also has a Presbyterian church an anglophone primary school shared with the coastal village of Baiap and two guest houses for visitors.
 Abanayop is a village on the Gabon- Equatorial Guinea border. It lies along the N5 road (Gabon). On google maps the village is shown within the territory of Gabon but on most database websites it is listed as a settlement within Equatorial Guinea.[citation needed]
 Ayaz Galu (Persian: ايازگلو‎ also Romanized as Ayāz Galū) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 12 families.
 Badeh (Persian: باده‎ also Romanized as Bādeh and Bāda) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 375 in 88 families.
 Pyliava (Ukrainian: Пилява) is a village (selo) in central Ukraine. It is located in the Starokostiantyniv Raion (district) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province) by the river Ikva.
 Guz Bilva Hajji Nasrallah (Persian: گوض بيلواحاجي نصراله‎ also Romanized as Gūz̤ Bīlvā Ḩājjī Naṣrāllah) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Kilimán is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Bab-e Kahnuj (Persian: باب كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Bāb-e Kahnūj and Bāb Kahnūj) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 27 families.
 Do Chahi-ye Bala (Persian: دوچاهي بالا‎ also Romanized as Do Chāhī-ye Bālā) is a village in Jangal Rural District Jangal District Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 39 families.
 Siveh Dar (Persian: سيوه در‎ also Romanized as Sīveh Dar; also known as Shīveh Darreh and Sīveh Darreh) is a village in Shepiran Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 343 in 55 families.
 Yaqubabad (Persian: يعقوب آباد‎ also Romanized as Ya‘qūbābād) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 46 families.
 Gavmishan (Persian: گاوميشان‎ also Romanized as Gāvmīshān; also known as Bīsheh-ye Doshākh-e Bālā Gāvmīshī and Qal‘eh-ye Gāvmīshān) is a village in Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 45 families.
 Suryapal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1655 people living in 332 individual households.
 Stary Majdan [ˈstarɨ ˈmai̯dan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Żuki [ˈʐukʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Tykocin and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kannu is a village in Võnnu Parish Tartu County Estonia. It's located just north of Võnnu the administrative centre of the municipality. The city of Tartu is located about 20 km (12 mi) northwest. In 2000 Kannu had a population of 18.
 Budoradz [buˈdɔrat͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hamidabad (Persian: حميداباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Ålhus is a small village in the municipality of Jølster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located along the European route E39 highway on the northern side of the lake Jølstravatnet in a largely agricultural area. Ålhus is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) west of the villages of Helgheim and Skei and about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northeast of the villages of Vassenden and Langhaugane. Ålhus is the millennium center of Jølster due to its historical significance.
 Tanbaku Kar-e Ebrahim (Persian: تنباكوكارابراهيم‎ also Romanized as Tanbākū Kār-e Ebrāhīm; also known as Tanbākū Kār-e Do) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 14 families.
 Velisemõisa is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Riverlea is a village in Franklin County Ohio United States surrounded by Worthington on its north south and east sides and bordered on the west by the Olentangy River across which is Columbus. Riverlea was incorporated in 1939 a small community that formed on former farmland. The population was 545 at the 2010 census.In 2011 Riverlea and Worthington explored the possibility of the annexation of Riverlea to Worthington. Riverlea voters defeated the annexation.
 Tamik (Persian: تميك‎ also Romanized as Tamīk) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 91 families.
 Vaidasoo is a village in Rae Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 110 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Suran (Persian: سوران‎ also Romanized as Sūrān; also known as Sūren) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Milivojce is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 122 people.
 Styborivka (Ukrainian: Стиборівка) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From the years 1918 to 1939 the village was deemed to lie in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Puthenchira is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Pabianice [pabjaˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Janów 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Częstochowa and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 233.
 Kulageri (Kannada ಕುಳಗೇರಿ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Cyprzanów [t͡sɨˈpʂanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pietrowice Wielkie within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pietrowice Wielkie 10 km (6 mi) west of Racibórz and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 550.
 Khan-e Guran (Persian: خان گوران‎ also Romanized as Khān-e Gūrān; also known as Khāneh-ye Gūrān and Khūn-e Gūrān) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Arab al-'Arida (Arabic: عرب العريضه‎) is a depopulated former Palestinian Arab village and 6 kilometers (3.7 mi) south of the city of Beit She'an. It is the site of the modern kibbutz Sde Eliyahu.
 Chah-e Gachchi (Persian: چاه گچي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Gachchī; also known as Chāh-e Gachchī-ye Bālā) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 632 in 128 families.
 Gupteshwor is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2232 persons living in 418 individual households.
 Kahnak (Persian: كهنك‎ also Romanized as Kohnak; also known as Kahang) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 37 families.
 Szumleś Szlachecki [ˈʂumlɛɕ ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Nowa Karczma 19 km (12 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 113.
 Vosuqabad (Persian: وثوق اباد‎ also Romanized as Vos̄ūqābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 113 families.
 Lubya (Arabic: لوبيا‎ bean) sometines transliterated Lubia was a Palestinian Arab town located ten kilometers west of Tiberias that was captured and destroyed by Israel during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Nearby villages included Nimrin to the north Hittin to the northwest and al-Shajara to the south; Each of those villages were also depopulated.Lubya had a total land area of 39629 dunams (3963ha) of which 83% was Arab-owned and the remainder public property.
 Czerwin [ˈt͡ʂɛrvin] is a village in Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czerwin. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 96 km (60 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 700.
 Chlebczyn [ˈxlɛpt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Sarnaki 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Łosice and 129 km (80 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Ebrahim Hesari (Persian: ابراهيم حصارئ‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Ḩeşārī) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Shomali Rural District Marhemetabad District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 509 in 138 families.
 Neduvasal is a village in Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Zeynal (Persian: زينل‎) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yarabad (Persian: ياراباد‎ also Romanized as Yārābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Arakapady is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Jelin-e Sofla (Persian: جلين سفلي‎ also Romanized as Jelīn-e Soflá; also known as Jelīn-e Pā’īn) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 120 families.
 Mostafalu (Persian: مصطفي لو‎ also Romanized as Moşţafálū and Mostafa Loo; also known as Mustāfiu) is a village in Shivanat Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 30 families.
 Boharigau is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3262 people living in 572 individual households.
 Crecora (Irish: Craobh Chumhra meaning Fragrant branch) is a village in County Limerick Ireland located approximately 8 miles (13 km) from Limerick city.With a population of around four hundred people the village has a shop church school stone yard garden centre GAA pitch and post office.
 Chapagaon is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Złotna [ˈzwɔtna] (German Goldbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Morąg 32 km (20 mi) north of Ostróda and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Šklėriai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 74 people.
 Piera Fatehial is a village and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
 Baltimore is a village in Fairfield County Ohio United States. The population was 2966 at the 2010 census.
 Darreh Veyan-e Sofla (Persian: دره ويان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Veyān-e Soflá; also known as Darreh Veyān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Shahu Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 20 families.
 Dąbrowa Goszczewicka [dɔmˈbrɔva ɡɔʂt͡ʂɛˈvit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kurian-e Gowra (Persian: كوريان گورا‎ also Romanized as Kūrīān-e Gowrā; also known as Gūrān-e Gowrā Gūrīān-e Gorā Gūrīān-e Gowrā Gūrīān-e Gowreh Gūrīān Gora Gūrīyan-e Gūrā and Kūreyān Gowreh) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Takdah Cantonment is a settlement located in Darjeeling district West Bengal India. It is one of the upcoming tourist centres of the Darjeeling hills.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahin (Persian: تلمبه شاهين‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shāhīn) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Żychlin [ˈʐɨxlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grabica 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Agh Bolagh (Persian: اغبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Āgh Bolāgh; also known as Āq Bolāgh) is a village in Shoja Rural District in the Central District of Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 25 families.
 Farsiat-e Bozorg (Persian: فارسيات بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Fārsīāt-e Bozorg) is a village in Muran Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 95 families.
 Chilakamukhi also spelled as Chilkmukhi (Kannada: ಚಿಲಕಮುಖಿ ) is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Chilakamukhi is located northeast to District Headquarters Koppal.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 473 in 92 families.
 Rogaczewo [rɔɡaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Tân Lộc is a commune (xã) and village in Thới Bình District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Deh Bakri (Persian: دهبکري‎ also Romanized as Deh Bakrī) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5008 in 1262 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Karim Jarjani (Persian: مزرعه كريم جرجاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Karīm Jarjānī) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Jonubi Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 25 families.
 Gug Tappeh (Persian: گوگ تپه‎ also Romanized as Gūg Tappeh; also known as Gog Tappeh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 21 families.
 Kengalla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kalagh Jiru (Persian: كلاغ جيرو‎ also Romanized as Kalāgh Jīrū; also known as Jerū and Kalāgh) is a village in Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 515 in 116 families.
 Karkuh (Persian: كاركوه‎ also Romanized as Kārkūh; also known as Kārkū) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 93 families.
 Aranlah (Persian: ارانله‎ also Romanized as Ārānlah; also known as Azānlah) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 56 families.
 Yukarısebil is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dračevo (Cyrillic: Драчево) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wałkonowy Górne [vau̯kɔˈnɔvɨ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Secemin 12 km (7 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 80.
 Kalwas village is a large village in Churu district Rajasthan India and situated on the road between Taranagar and Sahawa.
 Jalilvand (Persian: جليلوند‎ also Romanized as Jalīlvand; also known as Ḩalīlvand) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 15 families.
 Jasionówka [jaɕɔˈnufka] is a village in Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jasionówka. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Mońki and 33 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 860.
 Farhatabad is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gulbarga taluk of Gulbarga district in Karnataka.
 Gornja Vrijeska is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D34 highway.
 Basuling is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2642 and had 482 houses in the village.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād; also known as Chīlābād) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 16 families.
 Żerań Duży [ˈʐɛraɲ ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ostrołęka and 97 km (60 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Deh Now-e Kheyari (Persian: دهنوخياري‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kheyārī; also known as Deh Now and Deh Now-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 30 families.
 Stary Pudłów [ˈstarɨ ˈpudwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Poddębice and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bajk (Persian: بجك‎; also known as Bajg) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 24 families.
 Dzierżanowo [d͡ʑerʐaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Mała Wieś 33 km (21 mi) east of Płock and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Shankar Nagar is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9466 people living in 1694 individual households.
 Eskikılıç Damal is a village in the District of Damal Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Rulikówka [ruliˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Słabomierz [swaˈbɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Radziejowice 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Ebrahim Kandi-ye Sofla (Persian: ابراهيم كندي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Kandī-ye Soflá; also known as Ebrāhīm Kandī-ye Shomāreh-ye Seh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 40 families.
 Nowa Dąbrowa [ˈnɔva dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wolsztyn and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 402.
 Nowy Rękawiec [ˈnɔvɨ rɛŋˈkavjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Pariab-e Seyd-e Mohammad (Persian: پارياب سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Pārīāb-e Şeyd-e Moḩammad) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Jasiona [jaˈɕɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Zbrosławice 14 km (9 mi) west of Tarnowskie Góry and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 270.
 Mazraeh-ye Rezaabad (Persian: مزرعه رضا آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Reẕāābād; also known as Reẕāābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bagno [ˈbaɡnɔ] (German: Heinzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Oborniki Śląskie 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of Trzebnica and 29 kilometres (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław. The 18th century Bagno Palace today is home to a seminary of the Salvatorian order.
 Nowy Przylep [ˈnɔvɨ ˈpʂɨlɛp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warnice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Beshkan (Persian: بشكن‎) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 68 families.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jawornik Polski within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jawornik Polski 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Przeworsk and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Boğaköy is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Dar Pahn (Persian: درپهن‎; also known as Darreh Pahn) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 781 in 152 families.
 Chlumín is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 6.39 square kilometres (2.47 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 449.First written notice about the village is from year 1336.
 Tall Zard (Persian: تل زرد‎) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 66 families.
 Külama is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Anjireh-ye Pain (Persian: انجيره پائين‎ also Romanized as Ānjīreh-ye Pā’īn and Ānjīreh-ye Pāeen) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 13 families.
 Zezulin Pierwszy [zɛˈzulin ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Czechy [ˈt͡ʂɛxɨ] (formerly German Zechendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Grzmiąca 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Szczecinek and 137 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kurowice [kurɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Brójce and 20 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Šumice (Serbian: Шумице) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Akrund is a small village in Sabarkantha district of northern Gujarat in western India.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Baghin Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Đại Sảo is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Cheshmeh-ye Qader (Persian: چشمه قادر‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Qāder) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 12 families.
 Starowiskitki-Parcel [starɔvisˈkitki ˈpart͡sɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bukorovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Букоровац) is a village in Pivara municipality in Kragujevac city district in the Šumadija District of central Serbia. It is located east of the city.
 Suśnia [ˈsuɕɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Koźmin Wielkopolski 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Krotoszyn and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gümüşdüğün is a village in the District of Eskil Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Garuchan (Persian: گروچان‎ also Romanized as Garūchān) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 44 families.
 Al Khashabiyah is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Jogidaha is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4698 people living in 872 individual households.
 Šibovac is a village in Croatia.
 Heydarabad-e Tang Seh Riz (Persian: حيدرابادتنگ سه ريز‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Tang Seh Rīz) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 13 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Bakan Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 72 families.
 Gorzeszyn [ɡɔˈʐɛʂɨn] (German: Gorshütte) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Skępe 18 km (11 mi) east of Lipno and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Bogdaše is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qarah Veysi (Persian: قره‌ویسی‎ also Romanized as Qarah Veysī; also known as Qarah Veys) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Poznanovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D24 highway.
 Suli Pir (Persian: سولي پير‎ also Romanized as Sūlī Pīr) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Warblino [varˈblinɔ] (German: Warbelin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Główczyce 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 174.
 Mysłaków [mɨˈswakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Łowicz and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1040.
 Kocina [kɔˈt͡ɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Opatowiec 15 km (9 mi) east of Kazimierza Wielka and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kapuściaki [kapuɕˈt͡ɕaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Samatice is a village in the municipality of Kutalli in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Sarab-e Pain (Persian: سراب پايين‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Osłonka [ɔˈswɔnka] (German Grenzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Aliabad-e Enqelab (Persian: علي ابادانقلاب‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Enqelāb; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1108 in 238 families.
 Naqduz (Persian: نقدوز‎ also Romanized as Naqdūz; also known as Nīāz) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 90 families.
 Chay Sudan (Persian: چاي سودان‎ also Romanized as Chāy Sūdān; also known as Chāh Sūdān Chūl ‘Omūr and Sūdān Chāy) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 13 families.
 Kakaabad-e Olya (Persian: كاكاابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Kākāābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gāgāābād-e Bālā and Kākāābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 14 families.
 Radunin [raˈdunin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Espahabdan (Persian: اسپهبدان‎ also Romanized as Espahabdān; also known as Esbābzel and Espābzel) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 15 families.
 Kolah Kabud-e Vosta (Persian: كلاه كبودوسطي‎ also Romanized as Kolāh Kabūd-e Vosţá; also known as Kalā Kabūd-e Vasaţ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Zakrzewo Małe [zaˈkʂɛvɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Grudusk 18 km (11 mi) north of Ciechanów and 94 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Dąbrowice [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Brulino-Piwki [bruˈlinɔ ˈpifki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Phìn Hồ is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam. The commune covers an area of 114.3 square kilometres and has a reported population of 2544 inhabitants in 2005.
 Alavan (Persian: علاوان‎ also Romanized as ʿĀlāvān and Ālāvān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 15 families.
 Velény is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Rgaje is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 26 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Razavi (Persian: مزرعه رضوي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Raẕavī; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Raẕavīyeh) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Seyyed Mohammadlu (Persian: سيدمحمدلو‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Moḩammadlū; also known as Seyyed Moḩammadī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 21 families.
 Krzyżkowice [kʂɨʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lubrza 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Prudnik and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 240.
 Chah Sheykh (Persian: چاه شيخ‎ also Romanized as Chāh Sheykh) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 92 families.
 Malyy Dzhunut is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Falmirowice [falmirɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Fallmirowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrząstowice within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Chrząstowice and 10 km (6 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hoseynabad-e Yek (Persian: حسين آباد1‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Yek; also known as Ḩoseynābād Ḩoseynābād-e ‘Alī Shāhī Ḩoseynābād-e Bālā’ī Ḩoseynābād-e Khāneh Sorkh Ḩoseynābād-e Khūnsorkh Husainābād Kahnūj Kahnū Now Khāneh Surkh and Khūn Sorkh) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Tytlewo [tɨtˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Movik is a village in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It's located along the Tromsøysundet on the mainland part of the municipality. The village sits about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the city of Tromsø and about 3.3 kilometres (2.1 mi) north of Kroken. The 0.3-square-kilometre (74-acre) village of Movik has a population (2012) of 336 which gives the village a population density of 1120 inhabitants per square kilometre (2900 /sq mi).
 Vareh Zardi (Persian: وره زردي‎ also Romanized as Vareh Zardī; also known as Varāzard) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 53 families.
 Chah Riseh (Persian: چاه ريسه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Rīseh and Chāharīseh; also known as Chārsen) is a village in Olya Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 33 families.
 Qanbarabad (Persian: قنبراباد‎ also Romanized as Qanbarābād) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 6 families.
 Slakovci is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D46 highway.
 Tolombeh-ye Yadollah Ghorbapur (Persian: تلمبه يداله غرباپور‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Yadollah Ghorbāpūr) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Tum [tum] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Łęczyca and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź. The village has an approximate population of 600.Tum is the site of a 12th-century Romanesque Collegiate church.
 Seh Konar-e Olya (Persian: سه كنارعليا‎ also Romanized as Seh Konār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sadd-e Konār-e ‘Olyā Sadd-e Konār-e Soflá Sadd Konār Sad Konār Seh Kenar and Seh Konār) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 27 families.
 Seferovići (Bugojno) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Taraz (Persian: تراز‎ also Romanized as Tārāz; also known as Tārāz-e Hayāt Qolī) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 77 families.
 Pulyeh (Persian: پوليه‎ also Romanized as Pūlyeh; also known as Pūleh and Pūlīā) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 26 families.
 Zbigniewice-Kolonia [zbiɡɲɛˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Koprzywnica 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 296.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎) is a village in Masabi Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 75 families.
 Long Phú is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tân Châu District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Vukovo Selo is a village in Croatia.
 Gameren is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Zaltbommel and lies about 14 km (8.7 mi) northwest of 's-Hertogenbosch.Gameren was a separate municipality until 1955 when it was merged with Kerkwijk.In 2001 the village of Gameren had 1288 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.46 km2 (0.18 sq mi) and contained 475 residences.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 11 families.
 Trzciniec [ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Syunnyulyar is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Seyyed Sharif Shahada (Persian: سيدشريف شهدا‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Sharīf Shahadā) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Deh Now-e Do (Persian: دهنو2‎; also known as Deh-e Now and Dehnow) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 29 families.
 Terkheda is a panchayat village in Vashi taluk of Osmanabad district in India. Terkheda is the only village listed in its gram panchayat but it is surrounded by twelve small villages and has an old history; Hindus Lingayats and Muslims all live together there. The village is surrounded by many hills and is next to the Tirna River (Terna River). National Highway 211 runs just south of the main village.This village is an industrious and prosperous village.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Prawda [ˈpravda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sayca is a village in the District of İmamoğlu Adana Province Turkey.
 Gwizdaj [ˈɡvʲizdai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Mirgah-e Derizh (Persian: ميرگه دريژ‎ also Romanized as Mīrgah-e Derīzh; also known as Mergeh Darshīr Mergeh Derīzh Mergeh Dorīzh Merkeh Derīzh Mīrgedrezh Mīrgeh Derīzh Mirgehdrij Mirg-i-Dariz and Mirkeh Darizheh) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 49 families.
 Barki [ˈbarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 290.
 Wawrowo [vaˈvrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Lidzbark 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Działdowo and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 140.
 Haczów [ˈxat͡ʂuf] (Ukrainian: Гачів Hachiv) is a village in Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Haczów. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Brzozów and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Goleen (Irish: An Góilín) is a small rural village in County Cork on the south-western tip of Ireland. Farming and construction work are the main occupations of the local people. Many are involved with some aspect of the tourist business looking after some of the many holiday homes which surround the village. The village has four pubs four shops and a petrol station.Goleen is located towards the south-western end of the Mizen Peninsula in West Cork.
 Deh-e Lulu (Persian: ده لولو‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Lūlū; also known as Deh Lo’lo’ and Lo’lo’) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 83 families.
 Zeh-e Ruzehi (Persian: زهروزهي‎ also Romanized as Zeh-e Rūzeh’ī and Zehrūzehī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 86 families.
 Yakhfervazan (Persian: يخفروزان‎ also Romanized as Yakhfervazān Yakhfarvazān and Yakh Forūzān) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 127 families.
 Talisin (Persian: تليسين‎ also Romanized as Talīsīn) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 8 families.
 Tilag (Persian: تيلگ‎ also Romanized as Tīlag; also known as Neylak and Tīlak) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 39 families.
 Mozdabad (Persian: مزداباد‎ also Romanized as Mozdābād) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 82 families.
 Aq Bolagh (Persian: آق بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Āq Bolāgh and Āqbolāgh; also known as Āl Bolākh and Āqbolāq) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 14 families.
 Kaul Reh (Persian: كاول ره‎ also Romanized as Kāūl Reh) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sukowska Wola [suˈkɔfska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przytyk 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Radom and 80 km (50 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kopcie [ˈkɔpt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Domanice 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 81 km (50 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 330.
 Hasanabad-e Mian (Persian: حسن ابادميان‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Mīān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 65 families.
 Fereydun (Persian: فريدون‎ also Romanized as Fereydūn) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowe Gnatowice [ˈnɔvɛ ɡnatɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sungan (Persian: سونگان‎ also Romanized as Sūngān) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Sarzal-e Vali Nazeri (Persian: سرزل والي نظري‎ also Romanized as Sarzal-e Vālī Naẓerī; also known as Sarzal) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 26 families.
 Šaludovac is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 360 people.
 Fort Lofti is a village and military base in the commune of Oum El Assel in Tindouf Province Algeria. It is connected to the N50 national highway by a short local road to the northwest.
 Habash (Persian: حبش‎ also Romanized as Ḩabash; also known as Ḩabashī) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 53 families.
 Eskandari-ye Baraftab (Persian: اسكندري برافتاب‎ also Romanized as Eskandarī-ye Barāftāb; also known as Eskandarī and Īskandarī) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2138 in 519 families.
 Mali Šenj (Serbian: Мали Шењ) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 100 people.
 Košuća (Serbian: Кошућа) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Czyszkówek [t͡ʂɨʂˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Damunupola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Siah Afshar (Persian: سياه افشار‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Afshār; also known as Seyāfshād Sīā Afshār and Sīāfshū) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1261 in 353 families.
 Błędówko [bwɛnˈdufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of Warsaw.[citation needed]
 Dastgerd (Persian: دستگرد‎; also known as Dasht-e Khvord Dasht-i-Khurd and Dastjerd) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 473 in 85 families.
 Beskol is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.Beskol which means Five Lakes in Kazakh has a roughly 50% Russian 50% Kazakh mix.The primary employer is the railway station which is an important both as a passenger and freight stop – trains travel through here to both Almaty and Astana and west to Urumqi in China.
 Deh-e Bonar-e Yusefi (Persian: ده بناريوسفي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bonār-e Yūsefī; also known as Deh-e Bonār) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 282 in 53 families.
 Murun-e Pas Bagh (Persian: مورون پس باغ‎ also Romanized as Mūrūn-e Pas Bāgh; also known as Mūrān and Mūrūn) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 34 families.
 Shova VDC lies in Rukum District (Nepali: रुकुम जिल्ला) is a hill and mountain district some 280 km west of Kathmandu in Rapti Zone of Nepal's Mid-Western Region. Rukum covers an area of 2877 km² with population (2001) of 188438. Musikot (also called Jhumlikhalanga) is the district's administrative center.Rukum district has many potential tourist attractions that remain unexplored.Nobody claims to have conquered this mountain yet.
 Kolonia Ostoja [kɔˈlɔɲa ɔsˈtɔja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zelów 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Podorašje is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Rachowa [raˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Malanów 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Turek and 113 km (70 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 105.
 Dłużec [ˈdwuʐɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Węgorzewo and 80 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 180.
 Głucha Puszcza [ˈɡwuxa ˈpuʂt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Psary [ˈpsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Sławno 10 km (6 mi) west of Opoczno and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bolboli (Persian: بلبلي‎ also Romanized as Bolbolī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 594 in 120 families.
 Ramnagar is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3143 people living in 531 individual households.
 Kotulin Mały [kɔˈtulin ˈmawɨ] (formerly German Klein Kottulin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Toszek 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Hasan Bakul (Persian: حسن بكول‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Bakūl) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Sırataşlar is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 153 people.
 Podrzecze [pɔˈdʐɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Podegrodzie 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Nowy Sącz and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Niegrzebia [ɲɛˈɡʐɛbja] (German: Negrepp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Łobez and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Garab (Persian: گراب‎ also Romanized as Garāb) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 20 families.
 Tymieniec-Dwór [tɨˈmjɛɲɛt͡s ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Zapieczne [zaˈpjɛt͡ʂnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Troszyn 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 99 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Dul Jafar (Persian: دول جافر‎ also Romanized as Dūl Jāfar) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yaqub Bazar (Persian: يعقوب بازار‎ also Romanized as Ya‘qūb Bāzār) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 47 families.
 Zanférébougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 68 square kilometers and includes three villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7275. The village of Zanférébougou the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune is 44 km west of Sikasso and 7 km south of the RN7 the main road linking Sikasso and Bougouni.
 Rajupalem is a village and a mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Thodiyoor is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Mian Rud Ab (Persian: ميان روداب‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rūd Āb; also known as Mīān Ābrūd) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 34 families.
 Mokre [ˈmɔkrɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Żyraków 10 km (6 mi) north of Dębica and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 590.
 Świerże-Leśniewek [ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ lɛɕˈɲɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mollalu (Persian: ملالو‎ also Romanized as Mollālū; also known as Mollālar Mollālor and Māllālār) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 85 families.
 Tekkedere is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 179 people.
 Surkul (Persian: سوركول‎ also Romanized as Sūrkūl) is a village in Kumasi Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 324 in 72 families.
 Jalilabad (Persian: جليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalīlābād) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 70 families.
 Kattagaram (South) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Zaliab (Persian: ذالياب‎ also Romanized as Zālīāb and Z̄ālī Āb; also known as Z̄ālyāb-e Eslāmābād) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 84 families.
 Dobiecin [dɔˈbjɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Szczodrkowice [ʂt͡ʂɔdrkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skała within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Skała and 16 km (10 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 557.
 Meymanatabad (Persian: ميمنت آباد‎ also Romanized as Meymanatābād; also known as Mehnatabād) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District Chaharduli District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 33 families.
 Deh-e Fakhireh (Persian: ده فخيره‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Fakhīreh; also known as Fakhīreh-ye Bālā and Fakhīreh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 24 families.
 Sarbka [ˈsarpka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Czarnków and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sartang-e Dinar Ali (Persian: سرتنگ دينارعالي‎ also Romanized as Sartang-e Dīnār ‘Ālī; also known as Deh-e Armandchī and Sartang) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 784 in 133 families.
 Palcheqli (Persian: پالچقلي‎ also Romanized as Pālcheqlī; also known as Pālcheqlī Āqlar) is a village in Palizan Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 24 families.
 Shwegyin is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Cubanea is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Biljača (Cyrillic: Биљача) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Paaste is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Örmepınar is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 426 people.
 Kenas-e Sofla (Persian: كناس سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kenās-e Soflá and Kannās-e Soflá; also known as Kannās Kenās-e Pā’īn and Ūjan) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 71 families.
 Samarina is a village in Värska Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.Samarina and its neighbouring villages (Kundruse Litvina Pattina Perdaku Saabolda Saatse Sesniki and Ulitina) are notable as part of Estonia that although not an enclave before 2008 wasn't reachable by road without passing through Russian territory for several hundred metres through an area known as the Saatse Boot.
 Said (Persian: سعيد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīd) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 5 families.
 Bayram Kandi (Persian: بايرام كندي‎ also Romanized as Bāyrām Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 6 families.
 Shemshak-e Pain (Persian: شمشك پايين‎ also Romanized as Shemshak-e Pā’īn) is a former village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 130 families. It was subsequently annexed to the city of Shemshak.
 Kalateh-ye Hajji Rostami (Persian: كلاته حاجي رستمي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Rostamī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Mollā Moḩammad) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Glenn Haven is a restored logging village on the shore of Lake Michigan on the Leelanau Peninsula within the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore. Attractions include the restored General Store and Blacksmith Shop. The unincorporated community is located in Glen Arbor Township.
 Łęgi [ˈwɛŋɡʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Terespol 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Biała Podlaska and 120 km (75 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hasanabad-e Kalantari (Persian: حسن ابادكلانتري‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kalāntarī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jubaneh (Persian: جوبنه‎ also Romanized as Jūbaneh Joobeneh Jubnaeh and Jūboneh; also known as Dzhubane) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1407 in 388 families.
 Koshku (Persian: كشكو‎ also Romanized as Koshkū and Kashkū; also known as Kish Kūh Kooshk Koshkūh Kūshkū and Poshtkūh) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 639 in 152 families.
 Budaklı is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Khvoshinan-e Vosta (Persian: خوشينان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Khvoshīnān-e Vosţá and Khūshīnān-e Vosţá; also known as Khoshnīān-e Vasaţī Khowshīnah Tappeh Khushinān-i-Tappeh Khushinān-i-Tepe Khvoshī Nān-e Tappeh Khvoshīnān-e Tappeh Vasaţī and Khvoshīnān Tappeh) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 34 families.
 Wąsosz [ˈvɔ̃sɔʂ] is a village in Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wąsosz. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok. The village has a population of 1600.Wąsosz received city rights from Prince Władysław on 13 May 1436 and lost them in 1870 under the Russian rule following the Partitions.
 Epçilerkadı is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 266 people.
 Gavadeh (Persian: گاوده‎) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 84 families.
 Słowiki Stare [swɔˈviki ˈstarɛ] or Stare Słowiki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The word słowiki means nightingales in Polish. Stare means Old – distinguishing this village from the nearby Słowiki Nowe (New).
 Viduša (Cyrillic: Видуша) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ulukışlatolu Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Budigoppa is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Zeyn ol Dini (Persian: زين الديني‎ also Romanized as Zeyn ol Dīnī Zeyn ed Dīnī and Zeyn od Dīnī; also known as Zainadoni Zandūnī Zeinoddin Zen Dūnī Zeyn Denī and Zeyn od Dīn) is a village in Kal Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 57 families.
 Zakavoliai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 10 people.
 Petřvald (Nový Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Gheybi Sur (Persian: غيبي سور‎ also Romanized as Gheybī Sūr; also known as Qaishūr and Qeshūr) is a village in Kowleh Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 500 in 99 families.
 Bala Mahalleh-ye Narakeh (Persian: بالامحله نركه‎ also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Narakeh; also known as Bālāmaḩalleh-ye Narkeh) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 92 families.
 Ahqaf al Ruzat (Arabic: احقاف الروزات‎) is a village in the District of Jabal al Akhdar in north-eastern Libya. Ahqaf al Ruzat is located about 23 km northeast of the city of Bayda.
 Qeshlaq-e Shakur (Persian: قشلاق شكور‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Shakūr; also known as Qeshlāq and Qeshlāq-e Shakar) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 32 families.
 Jian (Persian: جيان‎ also Romanized as Jīān) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 75 families.
 Skrzypiec [ˈskʂɨpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Gidle 15 km (9 mi) south of Radomsko and 94 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bidsukhteh (Persian: بيدسوخته‎ also Romanized as Bīdsūkhteh) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Oymaağaç is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Łąkie [ˈwɔnkʲɛ] (Kashubian: Łãkié German: Lonken) is a village in Gmina Lipnica Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Bytów and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 298.
 Podwieżanka [pɔdvjɛˈʐaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Baghan (Persian: باغان‎ also Romanized as Bāghān) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 53 families.
 Masat is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 921 people.
 Maraveneh-ye Do (Persian: مراونه دو‎ also Romanized as Marāveneh-ye Do) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 14 families.
 Lubniczka [lubˈnit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 80.
 Qumenjan (Persian: قومنجان‎ also Romanized as Qūmenjān; also known as Qomenjān Qomīnjān and Kūminju) is a village in Paskuh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 835 in 204 families.
 Gozdów [ˈɡɔzduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Stryków 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 22 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wylezinek [vɨlɛˈʑinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Cielądz 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rybaki [rɨˈbaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 18 km (11 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Žuljana is a village on the Pelješac peninsula in southern Dalmatia Croatia. The population is 235 (census 2011).
 Tolombeh-ye Estqolal Shomareh-ye Yek (Persian: تلمبه استقلال شماره 1‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Estqolāl Shomāreh-ye Yek) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Derou Garou is a village in the commune of Banikoara in the Alibori Department of northern Benin.
 Sharifabad-e Zand (Persian: شريف ابادزند‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād-e Zand; also known as Sharīfābād and Sharīfābād-e Zarand) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 85 families.
 Adagil is a village in Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Okletac is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 622 people.
 Sakh Selu (Persian: ساخسلو‎ also Romanized as Sākh Selū Sākhselū Sakhasloo Sākhaslū and Sākheslū; also known as Sakhseli Sākheşlī and Sākhsūlī) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 33 families.
 Sang Jar (Persian: سنگ جار‎ also Romanized as Sang Jār) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 10 families.
 Kéréna is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Douentza in the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune contains three villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 3289.
 Boszkowo [bɔʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Włoszakowice 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Leszno and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 200.
 Purjangi (Persian: پورجنگي‎ also Romanized as Pūrjangī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Bukowica [bukɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) east of Żagań and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 140.
 Ołownik [ɔˈwɔvnik] (German: Launingken from 1938-45 Sanden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Budry 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Węgorzewo and 106 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Anjidan (Persian: انجيدن‎ also Romanized as Anjīdān) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 45 families.
 Pallimon is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Yusof Kandi (Persian: يوسف كندي‎ also Romanized as Yūsof Kandī) is a village in Hajjilar-e Jonubi Rural District Hajjilar District Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 El Espinillo is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 See Mansura (disambiguation) for other sites with similar names.Mansurat al-Khayt was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on January 18 1948. It was located 11.5 km east of Safed 1 km west of the Jordan River.In 1945 the village had a population of 200.
 Chungmang is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4647 people living in 846 individual households.
 Takht-e Zal (Persian: تخت زال‎ also Romanized as Takht-e Zāl) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nazariya (Arabic: النيزارية‎ also spelled al-Nizariyya) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located southwest of Homs. It is situated off the Orontes River and at the northeastern border of Lebanon. Nearby localities include Zita al-Gharbiyah to the northwest Rableh and al-Qusayr to the north and Hisyah further to the east.
 Przyjmy [ˈpʂɨi̯mɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Beydli (Persian: بيدلي‎ also Romanized as Beydlī) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 11 families.
 Incheh-ye Sofla (Persian: اينچه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Īncheh-ye Soflá and Īncheh Soflá; also known as Īncheh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1503 in 356 families.
 Czernica [t͡ʂɛrˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Brusy 17 km (11 mi) north of Chojnice and 87 km (54 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 38.
 Medby is a village in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county Norway. It is located along the Veidmannsfjorden on the southwestern part of the island of Senja. The village lies along a highway that connects Grunnfarnes and Sifjord. The Kaldfarnes area lies just to the west of Medby and Ånderdalen National Park lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the east of the village. Medby Chapel is located in this village.
 Leśno [ˈlɛɕnɔ] (German: Reihershorst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Bytów and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 4.
 Żabia Wola [ˈʐabja ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżewice within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 824.
 Battisborough Cross is a village near Plymouth on the south coast of Devon.
 Denkada is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Denkada is located on the banks of River Champavathi.
 Dolní Beřkovice is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 San Leanna is a village in Travis County Texas United States. The population was 497 at the 2010 census.
 Ivek (Persian: ايوك‎ also Romanized as Īvek; also known as Dīvek) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 893 in 214 families.
 Avhane is a village of Shevgaon taluka of Ahmednagar district in the state of Maharashtra India. It is about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Ahmednagar and 50 kilometres (31 mi) from Aurangabad. This village is split in two parts as Avahne Khurda and Avhane Budruk. Avhane Budruk is famous for the temple of Nidrista Ganapati the Ganapati in the sleeping pose. There are only two Nidrista Ganapati: one in Chinchwad (Morya Gosavi) near Pune and another one in the Avahne.
 Dast Murdan (Persian: دست موردن‎ also Romanized as Dast Mūrdan) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 34 families.
 Tabrik (Persian: تبريك‎ also Romanized as Tabrīk and Tabārīk; also known as Tabarrīk Javānlu and Tabrik-e Javanlu) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 13 families.
 Chammaz Kola (Persian: چمازكلا‎ also Romanized as Chammāz Kolā) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 465 in 120 families.
 Behrići (Cyrillic: Бехрићи) is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Isakovci (Cyrillic: Исаковци) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 San Pedro (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Wólka [ˈvulka] (German: Ottenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kolno and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 40.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Rudshur Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Biała Panieńska [ˈbjawa paˈɲeɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Rychwał 24 km (15 mi) south of Konin and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mogielnica [mɔɡʲɛlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguchwała within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Boguchwała and 11 km (7 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Ameerpet is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal.
 Wiązowna [vjɔ̃ˈzɔvna] is a village in Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiązowna. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Otwock and 23 km (14 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 980.
 Podbudno [pɔdˈbudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Janów 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kalmand-e Golu (Persian: كلمندگلو‎ also Romanized as Kalmand-e Golū) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chiny [ˈxinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north of Chojnice and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chah-e Mutur Hajji Abbas Ardani (Persian: چاه موتورحاجي عباس اردني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mūtūr Ḩājjī ʿAbbās Ārdanī) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 682 in 148 families.
 Binnal (Kannada: ಬಿನ್ನಾಳ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.Binnal is 17 km from Kuknoor and 22 km from Gadag. Binnal can be reached by Gadag-Kuknoor route via Harlapur-Yarehanchinal.
 Bình Ba is a commune (xã) and village in Châu Đức District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam. It was the site of the Battle of Bình Ba in June 1969.
 Tõmmiku is a village in Keila Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Round Lake is a village in Saratoga County New York United States. The population was 604 at the 2000 census. The name is derived from a circular lake adjacent to the village. In 1975 the Round Lake Historic District which encompasses the village was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The Village of Round Lake is in the Town of Malta and is northeast of Schenectady.
 Kozłowiec [kɔˈzwɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khalilabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1964 in 539 families.
 Palu Rotawewa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Białosuknia [bjawɔˈsukɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Goniądz 10 km (6 mi) north of Mońki and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Majurec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D41 highway.
 Szyszki [ˈʂɨʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Stoczek Łukowski 21 km (13 mi) west of Łuków and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Szlasy-Złotki [ˈʂlasɨ ˈzwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Muuga is a village in Laekvere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Postolin [pɔsˈtɔlin] (German Pestlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sztum and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 510.
 Marudakkudi is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Bacheh Darreh (Persian: بچه دره‎; also known as Bacheh Darreh-ye Soflá Bāgh-e Darreh-ye Soflá Bāsh Darreh and Besh Darreh) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1621 in 423 families.
 Brzechów [ˈbʐɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Daleszyce and 14 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 870.
 Łukszty [ˈwukʂtɨ] (German: Luxethen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Pasłęk 22 km (14 mi) east of Elbląg and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 180.
 Aghuz Kalleh (Persian: اغوزكله‎ also Romanized as Āghūz Kalleh; also known as Āqez Kalleh) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Shakh Chenar (Persian: شاخ چنار‎ also Romanized as Shākh Chenār) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Musa Bolaghi (Persian: موسي بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Mūsá Bolāghī; also known as Mūsá Khān Bolāqī (Persian: موسي خان بلاقي) Mūsa Khān Balaghi Mūsá Khān Bolāghī and Mūsá Khān-e Bolāgh) is a village in Tork-e Sharqi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 454 in 98 families.
 Kızık Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mladeškovci (Cyrillic: Младешковци) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Koszyce Małe [kɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 1680.
 Elyasi (Persian: الياسي‎ also Romanized as Elyāsī) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Reonda is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Kot Bhairab is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2734 and had 506 houses in the village.
 Qanat-e Pain-e Sanjeh Bashi (Persian: قنات پائين سنجه باشي‎ also Romanized as Qanāt-e Pā’īn Sanheh Bāshī) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tołcze [ˈtɔu̯t͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Turośń Kościelna and 10 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 170.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przesmyki 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 106 km (66 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Saradanagar is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7133 people living in 1334 individual households.
 Kala Afghana is a village in Tehsil Batala Gurdaspur District Punjab State India. It has a population of about 15000. Two major religions are practiced Sikhism (with two Gurudwaras) and Christianity (with two churches).
 Tekonsha is a village in Tekonsha Township Calhoun County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is part of the Battle Creek Michigan Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 717 at the 2010 census.Tekonsha is the birthplace of Talbert Abrams famous as the Father of Aerial Photography.
 Khasht (Persian: خشت‎ also Romanized as Khesht) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 851 in 177 families.
 Kuran-e Torkiyeh (Persian: كوران تركيه‎ also Romanized as Kūrān-e Torkīyeh and Kūrān Torkīyeh; also known as Kūrān) is a village in Hesar Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 643 in 175 families.
 Folwark [ˈfɔlvark] is a part of Dziecinów village Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 120. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Sobienie-Jeziory 14 km (9 mi) south of Otwock and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Vračev Gaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Врачев Гај) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bela Crkva municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(94.57%) and its population numbering 1568 people (2002 census).
 Mardi (Telugu: మారిడి) is a Village in Kalher MandalMedak district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is 150 km to the north of Hyderabad.
 Wierzno Wielkie [ˈvjɛʐnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frombork within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Frombork 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Braniewo and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 180.
 Qilpenlui-ye Olya (Persian: قلپنلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qīlpenlūī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qīlpenlū-ye ‘Olyā and Qīl Penlū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Naqdi Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 8 families.
 Lisewo Kościelne [liˈsɛvɔ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] (German: Liebensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Złotniki Kujawskie 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Inowrocław and 23 km (14 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Khurin (Persian: خورين‎ also Romanized as Khūrīn Khorīn and Khowrīn) is a village in Behnampazuki-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4456 in 1088 families.
 Kandhara is a village in the Dhenkanal district of the Indian state of Orissa situated on the banks of the Ramial and Dolia rivers. It is located 20 km northwest of Kamakshyanagar 55 km north of Dhenkanal 135 km north of the state capital Bhubaneswar 100 km west of Jajpur Road and 65 km east of Talcher.
 Łosiny [wɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north of Tuchola and 70 km (43 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 140.
 Tahmuresat (Persian: طهمورثات‎ also Romanized as Ţahmūresāt and Ţahmūrsāt; also known as Tahmūsārd) is a village in Rudasht-e Sharqi Rural District Bon Rud District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 90 families.
 Khede is a small village in the state of Maharashtra India. It is located in the Dhule taluka of Dhule District in Maharastra.
 Savarabad (Persian: سواراباد‎ also Romanized as Savārābād) is a village in Amanabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 762 in 186 families.
 Haft Tanan (Persian: هفت تنان‎ also Romanized as Haft Tanān; also known as Haft Tan) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 45 families.
 Paśmiechy [paɕˈmjɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kazimierza Wielka and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Marun (Persian: مارون‎ also Romanized as Mārūn) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 10 families.
 Stanovi (Cyrillic: Станови) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Yankovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Babulat (Persian: بابولات‎ also Romanized as Bābūlāt) is a village in Katra Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 56 families.
 Nadkanale [natkaˈnalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Szubin 18 km (11 mi) east of Nakło nad Notecią and 12 km (7 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 23.
 Budy [ˈbudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Fałków 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Końskie and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 190.
 Odžaci is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1562 people.
 Gaznuk (Persian: گزنوك‎ also Romanized as Gaznūḵ) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 53 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Esmail Khan Mohammad Izadi (Persian: قشلاق اسماعيل خان محمدايزدي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Esmāʿīl Khān Moḩammad Īzadī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 15 families.
 Kalleh Jub (Persian: كله جوب‎ also Romanized as Kalleh Jūb; also known as Kaleh Chūb Khaluju Koleh Jūb-e Bālā and Koleh Jūb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 851 in 180 families.
 Koiladi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3765 people living in 678 individual households.
 Çukurören is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 24 people.
 Sielnica [ɕelˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dubiecko 33 km (21 mi) west of Przemyśl and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 770.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Vardasht) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 95 families.
 Calivigny is a village in Grenada. It is located on the island's south coast to the southeast of the capital St. George's.
 Tilokpur (Hindi: तिलोकपुर) is a village of Shahjahanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is situated near Sharda Canal passing through Katra Kant and Kurriya Kalan. Banwari Lal by caste a Kayastha and Indian revolutionary who became an Approver in the historical Kakori conspiracy case of 1925 hailed from this village. Later he settled in the nearby village Keshawpur where he lived up to his death.This is a medium sized village having total dwelling units of 167.
 Dobrinja is a village in the municipality of Modriča Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Aghel Eskandar (Persian: اغل اسكندر‎ also Romanized as Āghel Eskandar) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Guran (Persian: گوران‎ also Romanized as Gūrān; also known as Bandar-e Gūrān) is a village in Salakh Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1131 in 282 families.
 Kamionek [kaˈmjɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Igliczyzna [iɡliˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartniczka within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Brodnica and 61 km (38 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 90.
 Kahn-e Rasul Bakhsh (Persian: كهن رسول بخش‎ also Romanized as Kahn-e Rasūl Bakhsh; also known as Qanāt-e Rasūl Bakhsh) is a village in Zaboli Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 36 families.
 Bamunupola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mand-e Sofla (Persian: مندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Mand-e Soflá; also known as Kontekī and Mand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 598 in 125 families.
 Babakonağı is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Nowosielce [nɔvɔˈɕɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Oborniki Śląskie 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Trzebnica and 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Godziszewo [ɡɔd͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Wolsztyn and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Mehmanlu (Persian: مهمانلو‎ also Romanized as Mehmānlū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 55 families.
 Abbigeri (Koppal) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Hendovan (Persian: هندوان‎ also Romanized as Hendovān and Hendvān) is a village in Firuraq Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1107 in 166 families.
 Chahak (Persian: چاهك‎ also Romanized as Chāhak) is a village in Chahak Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2587 in 626 families.
 Zawada [zaˈvada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Zamość and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 2000.
 Kuli Alireza (Persian: كولي عليرضا‎ also Romanized as Kūlī ‘Alīreẕā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 13 families.
 Nazi (Persian: نازي‎ also Romanized as Nāzī; also known as Nāzīābād) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 9 families.
 Kekulanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kamienica [kamjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Gołcza 11 km (7 mi) west of Miechów and 33 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 277.
 Sheykh Shamzin (Persian: شيخ شمزين‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Shamzīn) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 70 families.
 Borowiecko-Kolonia [bɔrɔˈvjɛt͡skɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Gomunice 9 km (6 mi) north of Radomsko and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qosabeh (Persian: قصابه‎ also Romanized as Qoşābeh) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2110 in 488 families.
 Edayathankudi is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Ponykovytsia (Ukrainian: Пониковиця) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland. The village was established in 1511.
 Melanów [mɛˈlanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Łaskarzew 12 km (7 mi) south of Garwolin and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Alov Kandi (Persian: علوكندي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alov Kandī) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Krajnik Górny [ˈkrai̯nik ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Chojna 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Gryfino and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Suribana (Kannada ಸುರೇಬಾನ) is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Anijala is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Incheh Salah-e Sofla (Persian: اينچه صلاح سفلي‎ also Romanized as Īncheh Şalāḩ-e Soflá) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 23 families.
 Khorramdasht (Persian: خرم دشت‎) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kvelde is a village in the municipality of Larvik Norway. Its population is 885 (2011).The village is located along the banks of the Numedalslågen. The name stems from a local word meaning turn of the river. Musekollen is the highest point. The local church dates from 1871.
 Ab Shirin (Persian: اب شيرين‎ also Romanized as Āb Shīrīn) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 22 families.
 Lamap (former named Port Sandwich) is a village in Malampa Province on the Malekula island in Vanuatu.
 Zu Salehabad (Persian: زو صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Zū Şāleḩābād; also known as Zū Zū Kalāt and Şāleḩābād) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 11 families.
 Mikulice [mikuˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dobra 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Turek and 126 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 390.
 Tang-e Monareh (Persian: تنگ مناره‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Monāreh) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 30 families.
 Jatrat is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Pastrogor is a village in the municipality of Svilengrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.Pastrogor Peak in Antarctica is named after the village.
 Črečan (Hungarian: Cseresnyés) is a village in Croatia part of the Nedelišće municipality within Međimurje County in northern Croatia. It is connected by the D208 state road.
 Chahar Taq (Persian: چهارطاق‎ also Romanized as Chāhār Ţāq; also known as Chāţāq) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Qaleh Chay District Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 49 families.
 Bon Honi (Persian: بن هنی‎ also Romanized as Bon Honī) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 27 families.
 Łebcz [wɛpt͡ʂ] (Kashubian: Łebcz German: Löbsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Puck and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1620.
 Lellapere-Nurme is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād; also known as Asadābād-e Pā’īn Khavāf) is a village in Zozan Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 898 in 202 families.
 Kattanabhavi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Bągart [ˈbɔnɡart] (German Baumgarth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Dzierzgoń 22 km (14 mi) east of Sztum and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 420.
 Radomyśl [raˈdɔmɨɕl] (German: Friedrichshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wierzchowo 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 96 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 Dobrogosty [dɔbrɔˈɡɔstɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łęczyca and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 10 families.
 Jałowo [jaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Shamsabad-e Arab (Persian: شمس ابادعرب‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād-e ‘Arab; also known as Shamsābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 64 families.
 Sangachin (Persian: سنگاچين‎ also Romanized as Sangāchīn; also known as Sangar Chīn Sangarchīn and Sankāchīn) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2421 in 708 families.
 Shringaverpur is a place 45 km from Allahabad on Lucknow road. According to the local folklore it was at this place that Rama crossed the river Ganges on his way to exile along with Sita and Lakshmana.
 Kappur is a Village Panchayat in Villupuram District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It serves as the headquarters of Kappur Panchayat which includes Nerkunam Kuchipalyam Govindapuram. The village's main source of income is agriculture. Its literacy rate was low until the early 1980s but has since improved constantly and is currently above 60%.[citation needed]
 Danagözü is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 732 people.
 Żłobek Mały [ˈʐwɔbɛk ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Włodawa and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 70.
 Krzyżownica [kʂɨʐɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Mogilno and 60 km (37 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Hunuketella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Lümandu is a village in Kohila Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Miksztal [ˈmikʂtal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nowe Ostrowy 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Kutno and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jaczewek [jaˈt͡ʂɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vuknići is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Giedajty [ɡʲɛˈdai̯tɨ] (German: Gedaithen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Zebrdowo [zɛbrˈdɔvɔ] (German: Seubersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Gardeja 14 km (9 mi) south of Kwidzyn and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 90.
 Chodźki [ˈxɔt͡ɕki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Raczki 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Suwałki and 103 km (64 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 170.
 Hovden is a fishing village in the municipality of Bø in Nordland county Norway. Hovden makes up the northeastern part of the municipality and is defined geographically by the Malnesfjorden in the east and the ocean in the north and west. The road that goes to Hovden ends at the village. The habitation of Hovden on the outermost point on a peninsula of the third largest island in Norway (Langøya) is because of the closeness to the rich fishing banks off of the Vesterålen archipelago.
 Łomazy [wɔˈmazɨ] is a village in Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łomazy. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1700.
 Luusika is a village in Laekvere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Pobiel [ˈpɔbjɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) north-east of Wąsosz 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Góra and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Eskikabasakal is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Wilkowa [vilˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Hasanabad-e Kamin (Persian: حسن ابادكمين‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kamīn; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Kamin Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 46 families.
 Rabivere is a village in Kohila Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Rajapulova is a village and major road junction in Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India where National Highway 43 from Raipur meets NH 5.
 Doluca is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Bahmanabad (Persian: بهمن اباد‎ also Romanized as Bahmanābād) is a village in Mazinan Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 77 families.
 Kalida is a village in Putnam County Ohio United States. The population was 1542 at the 2010 census.
 Bahadoran (Persian: بهادران‎ also Romanized as Bahādorān; also known as Bandarūn) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1105 in 289 families.
 Sonbolabad (Persian: سنبل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sonbolābād) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 55 families.
 Chah Dimeh (Persian: چاه ديمه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Dīmeh and Chāhdīmeh) is a village in Horgan Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 19 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفرآباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District Tukahur District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 596 in 116 families.
 Kłodzino [kwɔˈd͡ʑinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Golczewo 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 Sendići (Serbian: Сендићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Galuke is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hemmatabad (Persian: همت اباد‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād; also known as Kelāk) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Sadowo [saˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Trzebiechów and 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra.
 Gornje Komarevo is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D224 highway.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 220.
 Vaset (Persian: واسط‎ also Romanized as Vāseţ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 817 in 186 families.
 Lučice is a village in the municipality of Fojnica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mohammadabad-e Chah Kavir (Persian: محمدابادچاه كوير‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Chāh Kavīr and Moḩammadābād Chāh Kavīr; also known as Chāh-e Kavīr and Chāh Kavīr) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Kalagushi (Persian: حسين ابادكلاگوشي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kalāgūshī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 8 families.
 Bednary-Wieś [bɛdˈnarɨ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.The village has a population of 1000.
 Berezdiv (Ukrainian: Берездів; Polish: Berezdów) is a village in the Slavutskyi Raion (district) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province) in western Ukraine. Population of Berezdiv is about 1250 inhabitants. In Berezdiv is located school Eastern Orthodox Church Shepetivka Museum branch and three cemeteries: Eastern Orthodox Catholic and Jewish.
 Lur (Persian: لور‎ also Romanized as Lūr) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 166 families.
 Zajączkowo [zajɔnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] (German: Senzkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Chełmża and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Gratiot is a village in Licking and Muskingum counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 221 at the 2010 census.
 Eshaqabad (Persian: اسحق اباد‎ also Romanized as Esḩāqābād; also known as Eshagh Abad) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 36 families.
 Puczyce [puˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Platerów 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Łosice and 123 km (76 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Chelanab (Persian: چلناب‎ also Romanized as Chelanāb Chelānāb Chalnab and Chelnāb; also known as Chanbālyākh  Chelleh Nāb Chinaliakh and Chinalyakh) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 44 families.
 Vilyvitány is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Phillipsburg is a village in Montgomery County Ohio United States. The population was 557 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Olukpınar Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Jakovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 349 people.
 Kelami is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.A horse named after the village took part in the 2007 2008 & 2009 Grand NationalsIt is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.Kelami is also the name of a Restoration Shaman in the popular mmo game 'World of Warcraft'. Kelami is in a 25 man raid guild called <Ninth Order> who's home is on the Frostmane server.
 Bidaki [bidaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-southern Poland.
 Qaleh-ye Maraghush (Persian: قلعه مراغوش‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Marāghūsh Qal‘ehmarāghūsh and Qal‘eh Marāghūsh) is a village in Guney-ye Gharbi Rural District Tasuj District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 56 families.
 Skłoby [ˈskwɔbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Chlewiska 11 km (7 mi) west of Szydłowiec and 110 km (68 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 555.
 Darreh Heydar (Persian: دره حيدر‎ also Romanized as Darreh Ḩeydar Darreh Heidar and Darreh-ye Ḩeydar) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 34 families.
 Niedarczów Dolny-Kolonia [ɲeˈdart͡ʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kani Shinka (Persian: كاني شينكا‎ also Romanized as Kānī Shīnkā; also known as Kānī Shīnkān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 24 families.
 Lipówka [liˈpufka] (German: Lindenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dolsk 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Śrem and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 70.
 Imielno [iˈmjɛlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Zagórów 19 km (12 mi) south of Słupca and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 320.
 Zalbki [ˈzalpki] (German Salbken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dywity and 5 km (3 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Naghan-e Olya (Persian: ناغان عليا‎ also Romanized as Nāghān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 71 families.
 Zaręka [zaˈrɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dołhobyczów 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 70.
 Kankai (કનકાઈ) is a Hindu's holy place situated in the middle of Gir Sanctuary in Junagadh district of saurashtra region in the state of Gujarat India.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād; also known as Murādābād) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 731 in 159 families.
 Bilczew [ˈbilt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieroszewice within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sieroszewice 19 km (12 mi) east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 53.
 Dangihat is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 15639 people living in 2992 individual households.
 Szymanów [ʂɨˈmanuf] (German: Simsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznia Mała within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Trzebnica and 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Łomy [ˈwɔmɨ] (German: Steinberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Jonkowo and 17 km (11 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 680.
 Ab Bid-e Hajj Baba (Persian: اب بيدحاجي بابا‎ also Romanized as Āb Bīd-e Ḩājj Bābā; also known as Āb Bīd-e Ḩājjī Bābā and Ab Bīd-e Hājī Bābā and Āb-e Bīd) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District in the Central District of Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 53 families.
 Khazaneh Dul (Persian: خزانه دول‎ also Romanized as Khazāneh Dūl) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tang Chenar (Persian: تنگچنار‎ also Romanized as Tang Chenār and Tang-e Chenār) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qandeshtan (Persian: قندشتن‎; also known as Dar-e Qandeshtan) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 817 in 223 families.
 Rakino Brdo (Cyrillic: Ракино Брдо) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deh Neseh-e Deli Gerdu-ye Sofla (Persian: ده نسه دلي گردوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh Neseh-e Delī Gerdū-ye Soflá; also known as Deh Neseh-e Delī Gerdū) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 22 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Hojjarat-ye Chahar (Persian: تلمبه هجرت 4‎) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 31 families.
 Imbirkowo [imbirˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zbójno 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 36 km (22 mi) east of Toruń.
 Khan Bolaghi (Persian: خانبلاغي‎ also Romanized as Khān Bolāghī) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 39 families.
 Blezënckë is a village in the municipality of Çepan in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Thatha Shamsa Chattha (Urdu (ٹھٹھہ شمسہ چٹھہ) is a small village in the Hafizabad District of Punjab Pakistan. It is located at 32° 15' 50N73° 41' 40E with an altitude of 206 meters (679 feet). It is the oldest village which is believed to pre-date to Mughal era.The village consists of approximately 200 homes and total population of approximately 1500 as of 2008. It is situated on the bank of a canal that originates from the Barrage Qadirabad Colony.
 Somani is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5202 people living in 783 individual households.
 Jalambadan (Persian: جلمبادان‎ also Romanized as Jalambādān; also known as Jolombārān) is a village in Pirakuh Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 673 in 225 families.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 64 families.
 Boneh-ye Morteza (Persian: بنه مرتضي‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Morteẕá; also known as Boneh Mortezā) is a village in Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District Aghili District Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 56 families.
 Nidhuradin is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2366 people living in 443 individual households.
 Chahar Qash-e Chari (Persian: چهارقاش چري‎ also Romanized as Chahār Qāsh Charī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 13 families.
 Qazi (Persian: قاضي‎ also Romanized as Qāẕī; also known as Qāzī Qal‘eh) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 56 families.
 Bebalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pish Sheshar (Persian: پيش ششار‎ also Romanized as Pīsh Sheshār; also known as Pīshehshār) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 11 families.
 Raševica is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1215 people.
 Pieńki-Towarzystwo [ˈpjɛɲki tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sezarud (Persian: سزرود‎ also Romanized as Sezarūd and Sezā Rūd) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 26 families.
 Sadeqi (Persian: صادقي‎ also Romanized as Şādeqī) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Sarıkoyak is a village in Çamlıyayla district of Mersin Province Turkey. It a situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Çamlıyayla is 25 kilometres (16 mi). The population of Sarıkoyak is 278 as of 2011.
 Bielany-Jarosławy [bjɛˈlanɨ jarɔˈswavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tomišlja (Cyrillic: Томишља) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tameshkol (Persian: تمشكل‎) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 610 in 179 families.
 Savar-e Bala (Persian: سواربالا‎ also Romanized as Savār-e Bālā; also known as Savār) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 62 families.
 Omule [ɔˈmulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Iława and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 430.
 Wooster Nagar is the name of a small fishing village in the state of Tamil Nadu India. Dedicated January 3 2007 the village consists of 26 homes built with funds donated by citizens of Wooster Ohio USA. In recognition of these donations the village residents renamed their village Wooster Nagar. Nagar is a from Sanskrit and means city.The village is located at Pudupattinam just inland from the Indian Ocean coastline an hour south of Chennai the capital of Tamil Nadu.
 Hoseynabad-e Rashtkhvar (Persian: حسين ابادرشتخوار‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Rashtkhvār; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Husainābād) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 662 in 151 families.
 Piastowice [pjastɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lubsza 4 km (2 mi) north of Brzeg and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Kłomnice 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 174.
 Niespusza-Wieś [ɲɛsˈpuʂa ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Hush (Persian: هوش‎ also Romanized as Hūsh) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 52 families.
 Günbaşı Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Morghan (Persian: مرغان‎ also Romanized as Morghān; also known as Morghūn) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5660 in 1506 families.
 Mand-e Bala (Persian: مندبالا‎ also Romanized as Mand-e Bālā; also known as Mand) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 935 in 187 families.
 Mazhan (Persian: ماژان‎ also Romanized as Māzhān and Mājān) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 125 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Ali Askari (Persian: تلمبه علي عسكري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAlī ʿAskarī) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 10 families.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Sompolno 31 km (19 mi) north of Konin and 98 km (61 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kushkak (Persian: كوشكك‎ also Romanized as Kūshkak and Koshkak; also known as Koshkak-e Afshārīyeh) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 59 families.
 Strzelno [ˈstʂɛlnɔ] (German: Schützenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieńsk within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Pieńsk 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Zgorzelec and 130 km (81 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Quzlujeh (Persian: قوزلوجه‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūjeh and Qūzūljeh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Qaleh Chay District Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1320 in 312 families.
 Przytoczna [pʂɨˈtɔt͡ʂna] (formerly German Prittisch) is a village in Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przytoczna. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Międzyrzecz 34 km (21 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 71 km (44 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 2400.
 Lipa [ˈlipa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Szamocin 27 km (17 mi) east of Chodzież and 77 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Azarestan (Persian: ازارستان‎ also Romanized as Āzārestān) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 49 families.
 Dolna [ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Leśnica 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Strzelce Opolskie and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bebek is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Chmielniki [xmjɛlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Biskupnica [biskupˈnit͡sa] (formerly German Bischofswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Człuchów and 122 km (76 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 345. Polish State Railways serve the village's railway station.
 Chukhvor Yurd (Persian: چوخوريورد‎ also Romanized as Chūkhvor Yūrd and Chūkhūr Yūrd; also known as Chakur-Yurd Chokhoorīverd Choqūr Yort Chowkhūr Yowrd Chūkhūrd Yūrd and Chūkhurīwat) is a village in Sohrevard Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Veliki Ograđenik i Vionica is a village in the municipality of Čitluk Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 42 families.
 Qelichabad (Persian: قليچ اباد‎ also Romanized as Qelīchābād; also known as Ḩājj Qelīch Khān) is a village in Dorungar Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 67 families.This is where unicorns come from.
 Mortezaabad (Persian: مرتضي اباد‎ also Romanized as Morteẕáābād) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 11 families.
 Witowice Górne [vʲitɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Łososina Dolna 18 km (11 mi) north of Nowy Sącz and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Olszanica [ɔlʂaˈɲit͡sa] (German: Ellerwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sadlinki 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Kwidzyn and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 460.
 Titu-ye Pain (Persian: تيتوپائين‎ also Romanized as Tītū-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Salamatabad (Persian: سلامت آباد‎ also Romanized as Salāmatābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 31 families.
 Qareh Tekan (Persian: قره تكان‎ also Romanized as Qareh Tekān; also known as Karatkyan and Qaratkian) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 21 families.
 Thittai or Thengudi Thittai is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Goganpani Bheri is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2574 people living in 449 individual households.
 Mustur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gangawati taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Chitreshwer is a village in Jharkhand India. It has a population of nearly 1500.
 Deir Maker (Arabic: دير ماكر) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Deir Maker had a population of 3228 in the 2004 census.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] (German Dombrowka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Qazizadeh (Persian: قاضي زاده‎ also Romanized as Qāẕīzādeh) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Mariówka [maˈrjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qasab-e Amir (Persian: قصاب امير‎ also Romanized as Qaşāb-e Amīr) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 57 families.
 Palaq is a village in the municipality of Prezë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Suračevo is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 444 people.
 Manojlovce is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 778 people.
 Bromierz [ˈbrɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Nowogard 25 km (16 mi) east of Goleniów and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gudhjem is a small town and fishing port on the northern coast of the Baltic island of Bornholm Denmark. Its population is 712 (1 January 2014).Gudhjem is a popular venue for tourists who are attracted by its steep picturesque streets stunning views and a friendly atmosphere.
 Tolombeh-ye Chah Qand Fathi (Persian: تلمبه چاه قندفتحي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Chāh Qand Fatḥī) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vrsjenice is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 200 people.
 Željova (Serbian: Жељова) is a village in the municipality of Banovići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Okurowo [ɔkuˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kolno and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 135.
 Gurab Varzal (Persian: گوراب ورزل‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb Varzal) is a village in Lakan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 499 in 129 families.
 Kamaneh (Persian: كمانه‎ also Romanized as Kamāneh) is a village in Vanak Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 26 families.
 Daruiyeh (Persian: داروييه‎ also Romanized as Dārū’īyeh and Daroo’iyeh; also known as Darū’ī Darū’ī Pā’īn and Darū’ī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 937 in 191 families.
 Pohorany [pɔxɔˈranɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 35 families.
 Chelmen Sang-e Olya (Persian: چهل من سنگ عليا‎ also Romanized as Chelmen Sang-e ‘Olyā; also known as Chelmen Sang-e Bālā Chelmeh Sang-e ‘Olyā Chelmeh Sang-e Pā’īn and Chelmeh Sang Pā’īn) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 13 families.
 Atiyeh (Persian: عطيه‎ also Romanized as ʿAṭīyeh; also known as ʿAṭīyeh Mandovan) is a village in Jaffal Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 18 families.
 Chomęciska Małe [xɔmɛnˈt͡ɕiska ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Stary Zamość 12 km (7 mi) north of Zamość and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Esfid (Persian: اسفيد‎ also Romanized as Esfīd; also known as Ispi) is a village in Qahan Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 79 families.
 Thaikattussery is a village in the Cherthala taluk of the Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Gostkowo [ɡɔstˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kyrkjebygda is a village and the administrative centre of Åseral municipality Norway.
 Türkmenuşağı is a small village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Silifke is 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 100 kilometres (62 mi). The population of Türkmenuşağı was 84 as of 2012. Major economic activity of the village is farming and animal breeding.
 Ekrad (Persian: اكراد‎ also Romanized as Ekrād; also known as Ikrād) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 47 families.
 Bratronice (Kladno District) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Đurašići is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 265 people.
 Brzezinki [bʐɛˈʑinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kłobuck and 77 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 99.
 Cheshmeh Now (Persian: چشمه نو‎; also known as Maḩalleh-ye Cheshmeh Now and Tānk-e Cheshmeh Now) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 7 families.
 Al Qufayf is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Izdebki [izˈdɛpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Łobżenica 43 km (27 mi) east of Piła and 102 km (63 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 196.
 Niestum [ˈɲestum] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Romany [rɔˈmanɨ] (German: Rohmanen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szczytno and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Nachiapuram is a Nagarathar village located in Sivagangai District in the State of Tamil Nadu in India.Nachiapuram is a panchayat with elected members and forms part of the Kallal Union.
 Skaiå is a suburb in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Susuzşahap Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Paju-Kurdla is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Takol Hasan (Persian: تكل حسن‎ also Romanized as Takol Ḩasan; also known as Takolḩasan-e Bālā) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 73 families.
 Halehsam (Persian: هله سم‎ also Romanized as Haleh Sam and Halesam) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 663 in 137 families. The village was chosen to be the new capital city of Shabab Rural District after the village of Shabab The previouse capital was upgraded to a village and was chosen to become the capital city of Shabab District established on June 30 2013.
 Spalding is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The town is named after Spalding Lincolnshire birthplace of the wife of the first postmaster for Spalding. The local economy is predominately dominated by agriculture.
 Majidabad (Persian: مجيداباد‎ also Romanized as Majīdābād; also known as Majdābād) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kotowo [kɔˈtɔvɔ] (German: Ketzhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Dolsk 10 km (6 mi) south of Śrem and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Jankowice-Kolonia [jankɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Jeżów 18 km (11 mi) east of Brzeziny and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Abu Shusha was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on 9 April 1948 during the Battle of Mishmar HaEmek.It had a population of 720 in 1945.
 Golubić is a small village located 9 km north of Knin in the continental part of Šibenik-Knin County Croatia. It is situated along the Krka. The Golubić Hydroelectric Power Plant exists at the Butižnica river.
 Pakal (Persian: پاكل‎ also Romanized as Pākal; also known as Bākal) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 721 in 224 families.
 Stary Olechów [ˈstarɨ ɔˈlɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Heshiabad (Persian: هشي اباد‎ also Romanized as Heshīābād; also known as Heshābād) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 31 families.
 Bayegan (Persian: بايگان‎ also Romanized as Bāyegān and Bāygān) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2679 in 601 families.
 Kącik [ˈkɔnt͡ɕik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Staw within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Nowy Staw 16 km (10 mi) north of Malbork and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 60.
 Pelitcik is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 34 people.
 Kahtukorha (Persian: كهتوكرها‎ also Romanized as Kahtūkorhā Kohtūkarhā and Kahtū Karhā; also known as Kahtūkarā and Kahtūkorā) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Aq Kahriz (Persian: اق كهريز‎ also Romanized as Āq Kahrīz; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Sis Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 68 families.
 Arklity ([arˈklitɨ]; German: Arklitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Barciany 24 km (15 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 80 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chojno [ˈxɔi̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Szczytniki 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 128 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pawłowo [paˈvwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Trąbki Wielkie 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Pruszcz Gdański and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 371.
 Mirahampe is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jovin (Persian: جوين‎ also Romanized as Jovīn Javīn Jawīn and Joveyn) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District in the Central District of Sorkheh County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 11 families.
 Worławki [vɔrˈwafki] (German: Worlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Górowo Iławeckie 25 km (16 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gülbağı is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Sar Tol-e Dowlatabad (Persian: سرتل دولت آباد‎ also Romanized as Sar Tol-e Dowlatābād; also known as Sar-e Tol and Sar Tol) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 692 in 150 families.
 Pay Taft Gowhargan (Persian: پاي تفت گوهرگان‎ also Romanized as Pāy Taft Gowhargān) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hajji Sufi (Persian: حاجي صوفي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Şūfī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 22 families.
 Deuvumi Baluwa is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6773 .
 Sosnowice [sɔsnɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Cange is a small remote village in the Central Plateau of Haiti. Cange is the location of an American funded hospital Zanmi Lasante run by Partners in Health. It is accessible by vehicle as it is located directly off Route Nationale 3. Cange sits on the edge of Lake Péligre created by a large hydroelectric dam. Some notable residents of Cange have been and are Dr. Paul Farmer and Father Fritz Lafontant.There is a population of 30000 people within a radius of 7 km.
 Grochy-Serwatki [ˈɡrɔxɨ sɛrˈvatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Donji Crnač (Serbian: Доњи Црнач) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.Donji Crnač has about 740 inhabitants.
 Sasek Wielki [ˈsasɛk ˈvjɛlki] (German: Materschobensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Szczytno and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Naji Kandi (Persian: نجي كندي‎ also Romanized as Najī Kandī) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łupiny [wuˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wiśniew 13 km (8 mi) south of Siedlce and 87 km (54 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 293.
 Tuyubil is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Tinghadej is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Kołodziąż [kɔˈwɔd͡ʑɔ̃ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wodynie 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 70 km (43 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 250.
 Neset or Nesset is a village in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on a peninsula in the Trondheimsfjord just west of the town of Levanger and north of Alstadhaug. Its population in 1999 was 245 but since 2001 it has been considered a part of the Levanger urban area.
 Laveh (Persian: لاوه‎ also Romanized as Lāveh; also known as Lāveh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Khabaki is a village and one of the 51 Union Councils (administrative subdivisions) of Khushab District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°37'0N 72°13'60E.
 Maz Mehrabad (Persian: مازمهراباد‎ also Romanized as Māz Mehrābād; also known as Mazmeh Abad and Mazmirābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Sar Jowshar-e Edalat (Persian: سرجوشرعدالت‎ also Romanized as Sar Jowshar-e ‘Edālat; also known as Sar Jowshīr) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 82 families.
 Mayan-e Olya (Persian: مایان علیا‎ also Romanized as Māyān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 82 families.
 Stare Ludzicko [ˈstarɛ luˈd͡ʑit͡skɔ] (formerly German Lutzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Rąbino 18 km (11 mi) east of Świdwin and 106 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Palja is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 18 people.
 Mezhyrich (Ukrainian: Межиріч also referred to as Mezhirich) is a village (selo) in central Ukraine. It is located in the Kaniv Raion (district) of the Cherkasy Oblast (province) approximately 22 km from the region's administrative center Kaniv near the point where the Rosava River flows into the Ros'.
 Firuz (Persian: فيروز‎ also Romanized as Fīrūz; also known as Pādah Buland Padeh Boland and Pādeh Buland) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 17 families.
 Gaznaq (Persian: گزنق‎ also Romanized as Gazanq) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 116 families.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād) is a village in Qaleh Now Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2343 in 584 families.
 Świętajno [ɕfjɛnˈtai̯nɔ] is a village in Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Świętajno. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Olecko and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 1600.
 Kosuriće is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Laderaz (Persian: لادراز‎ also Romanized as Lāderāz) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 Książ Mały-Kolonia [ˈkɕɔ̃ʂ ˈmawɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielki within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Książ Wielki 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Miechów and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 270.
 Qaleh-ye Sorkh (Persian: قلعه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Sorkh and Qal‘eh Sorkh; also known as Qal‘a Surkh and Qal‘eh Surkh) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1344 in 316 families.
 Ślepkowo Szlacheckie [ɕlɛpˈkɔvɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Radzanowo 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Płock and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Biechowo [bjɛˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Miłosław 10 km (6 mi) south of Września and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 330.
 Hasanabad-e Navvab (Persian: حسن ابادنواب‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Navvāb) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 55 families.
 Brochów-Kolonia [ˈbrɔxuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tutak-e Pir Badam (Persian: توتك پيربادام‎ also Romanized as Tūtak-e Pīr Bādām) is a village in Rayen Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Głęboczek [ɡwɛmˈbɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Kurowo within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Goliaty [ɡɔˈljatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Lubowidz 13 km (8 mi) west of Żuromin and 130 km (81 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Quirós is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Kuin-e Olya (Persian: كويين عليا‎ also Romanized as Kū’īn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kū’īn) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 25 families.
 Nanadegan (Persian: ننادگان‎ also Romanized as Nanādegān and Nanādgan; also known as Naneh Dagūn and Tanādegān) is a village in Varzaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2085 in 512 families.
 Glinice [ɡliˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Przytyk 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Radom and 81 km (50 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Shakhtal Khan-e Do (Persian: شاخت الخان دو‎ also Romanized as Shākhtal Khān-e Do; also known as Shākht) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 29 families.
 Salyakoti (Persian: سلياكتي‎ also Romanized as Salyākotī) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1373 in 336 families.
 Fauskevåg is a village in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located on the island Hinnøya along the Vågsfjorden about 20 km (12 mi) south of the town of Harstad. The population (2001) of Fauskevåg is 341. The village has an elementary school called Fauskevåg skole with grades 1 through 4.Fauskevåg is located near the islands of Grasholman a popular beach and recreation area so tourism is important in Fauskevåg during the months of June and July.
 Męczki [ˈmɛnt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wizna 21 km (13 mi) east of Łomża and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tekanlujeh (Persian: تكان لوجه‎ also Romanized as Tekānlūjeh; also known as Tīkān Lūjeh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 37 families.
 Ludomy [luˈdɔmɨ] (German: Ludom) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ryczywół 13 km (8 mi) north of Oborniki and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 500.
 Yarehanchinal (Kannada: ಯರೇಹಂಚಿನಾಳ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka state India. Yarehanchinal is 20 km from Kuknoor and 25 km from Gadag. Yarehanchinal can be reached by Gadag-Kuknoor route via Harlapur-Binnal.
 Qeshlaq-e Mazan-e Sofla (Persian: قشلاق مازان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Māzān-e Soflá; also known as Māzān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Steklin [ˈstɛklin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Czernikowo and 28 km (17 mi) east of Toruń.
 Miąskowo [mjɔ̃sˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Krzykosy 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Salman (Persian: سلمان‎ also Romanized as Salmān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 42 families.
 Brzostno [ˈbʐɔstnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Choszczno and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Czechów [ˈt͡ʂɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Santok within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Santok and 4 km (2 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 370.
 Boherbue (post office spelling) or Boherboy (Ordnance Survey spelling) (Irish: An Bóthar Buí meaning the yellow road) is a village in North West County Cork Ireland. It is in the barony of Duhallow. Local children are educated at Boherbue Comprehensive School which lies to the east of the village and has approximately 35 teachers and 300 pupils.
 Hasan-e Aliabad (Persian: حسنعلي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan-e ‘Alīābād and Ḩasan ‘Alīābād; also known as Ḩoseyn‘alīābād) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Owch Aghaj (Persian: اوچ اغاج‎ also Romanized as Owch Āghāj; also known as Owch Āqāch) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 53 families.
 Mirzamohammadi-ye Pain (Persian: ميرزامحمدي پايين‎ also Romanized as Mīrzāmoḩammadī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Mīrzāmoḩammadī-ye Soflá) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Yaḩyá Khēl (Arabic: یحیى خل‎ variants: Yaḩyākhēl Yaḩyā Kheyl Ya Khel Yakh’yakheyl’ Yeḩyākhēl) is a village in Paktika Province in southeastern-central Afghanistan
 Qomeshlu (Persian: قمشلو‎ also Romanized as Qomeshlū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 22 families.
 Janówek [jaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Torkan (Persian: تركان‎ also Romanized as Torkān; also known as Arāvjūn Barakān Herābarjān Torkān-e-Harābarjān Torkān-e Herābarjān Torkūn Towrkān and Turkān) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 969 in 274 families.
 Wielkie Budziska [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ buˈd͡ʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Cekcyn 16 km (10 mi) east of Tuchola and 56 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 120.
 Gornje Vrhovine is a village in Croatia.
 Eşmekaya is a village in the District of Eskil Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Abadeh (Persian: اباده‎ also Romanized as Ābādeh) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 71 families.
 Mierzyn [ˈmjɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Rozprza 17 km (11 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vojilovo is a village in the municipality of Golubac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 290 people.
 Now Dasht (Persian: نودشت‎) is a village in Biabanak Rural District in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żarnowica Mała [ʐarnɔˈvit͡sa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wolbórz 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Çimenceğiz is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Seyyed Lar (Persian: سيدلر‎) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 705 in 158 families.
 Kujak (Persian: كوجك‎ also Romanized as Kūjak) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 16 families.
 Jordanów [jɔrˈdanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Brzeziny and 15 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Arabigere 85 is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kollegal taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Ahobala Agrahara is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tumkur taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Maihpit is a village in Hsi Hseng Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located southwest of Nawnghkathpa and Loisawn. It is a primarily agricultural village with extensive fields surrounding it.
 Mohanna (Persian: مهنا‎ also Romanized as Mohannā) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Murnan (Persian: مورنان‎ also Romanized as Mūrnān; also known as Mūrānī) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 105 families.
 Nametar is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2048 people living in 347 individual households.
 Moasseseh-ye Kashavarzi Kusar (Persian: موسسه كشاورزي كوثر‎ also Romanized as Mo’asseseh-ye Kashāvarzī Kūs̱ar) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Jalilabad (Persian: جليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalīlābād) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Parvomay is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Anarestanak (Persian: انارستانك‎ also Romanized as Anārestānak) is a village in Borun Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 324 in 111 families.
 Musaköy is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Gilan Deh (Persian: گيلان ده‎ also Romanized as Gīlān Deh and Gīlāndeh) is a village in Kalkharan Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 877 in 241 families.
 Kokri Behniwal is a village in the Moga District of East Punjab (India). It lies about 7 km from the Ludhiana-Ferozepur Grand Trunk Road near Ajitwal. The village has a population of approximately 1426 predominately Jatt Sikhs from the Cheema clan and the Sidhu clan. The main occupation of the people of this village is Agriculture. The current Sarpanch is Harbhajan Singh. His predecessors were Balbir Singh Cheema Surinder Kaur Baldev Singh Cheema.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 28 families.
 Gaz (Persian: گز‎; also known as Gaz-e Ţāherī) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 693 in 120 families.
 Fath ol Jalil (Persian: فتح الجليل‎ also Romanized as Fatḥ ol Jalīl; also known as Fatḥoljalīl) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District Qaleh Qazi District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 48 families.
 Mandangad (or Mandangadh or Mandangarh) is the northmost taluka in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra India.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Solargoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kamienna [kaˈmjɛnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Opatowiec 12 km (7 mi) east of Kazimierza Wielka and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Semechnice is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Haft Cheshmeh-ye Dalun (Persian: هفت چشمه دالون‎ also Romanized as Haft Cheshmeh-ye Dālūn; also known as Haft Cheshmeh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 19 families.
 Władysławów [vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Rusinów 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Przysucha and 94 km (58 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kamukumchery is a village located in Pathanapuram in Kollam district of Kerala India. .It belongs to Piravanthoor and Thalavor panchayats. The Kallada River passes through the village. Main temple in Kamukumchery is Kamukumchery Thiruvilangonappan Temple. (http://kamukumcherythiruvilangonappan.org/home.php)
 Sar Pan (Persian: سرپان‎ also Romanized as Sar Pān; also known as Sar Pahn) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Czernice [t͡ʂɛrˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Tamber Beyg (Persian: تمبربيگ‎; also known as Tamer Beyg and Tamīr Beg) is a village in Emam Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 54 families.
 Czarnówko [t͡ʂarˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 5 km (3 mi) west of Lębork and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 192.
 Popari is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Borki Sędrowskie [ˈbɔrkʲi sɛnˈdrɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ostrowite [ɔstrɔˈvitɛ] (German: Osterwitt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dąbrówno 30 km (19 mi) south of Ostróda and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 330.
 Stanchov Han is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Teagues Bay is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Tareh (Persian: طره‎ also Romanized as Ţareh; also known as Turreh) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 124 families.
 Shademan (Persian: شادمان‎ also Romanized as Shādemān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 32 families.
 Kolamsar (Persian: كلامسر‎ also Romanized as Kolāmsar and Kolām Sar; also known as Kalām Sarā Kālehsān and Keliser) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 132 families.
 Starczewice [start͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Korczew 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 111 km (69 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kogri is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Stara Błotnica [ˈstara bwɔtˈnit͡sa] is a village in Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stara Błotnica. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Białobrzegi and 74 km (46 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Krnji Grad is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 47 people.
 Talakondapalle (Telugu: తలకొండపల్లి) is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Bećari (Serbian: Бећари) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wygiełzów [vɨˈɡʲɛu̯zuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Irządze within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Irządze 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Karumkulam is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Darreh Zang (Persian: دره زنگ‎) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 8 families.
 Łączany [wɔnˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Brzeźnica 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Wadowice and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2000.
 Qaleh (Persian: قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh) is a village in Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District Jaghin District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1241 in 271 families.
 Behganeh Rud (Persian: بهگانه رود‎ also Romanized as Behgāneh Rūd Behqānarūd Behqāneh Rūd and Bekhnana-Rud) is a village in Niyarak Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 12 families.
 Chrapoń [ˈxrapɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Farrokh Khani (Persian: فرح خاني‎ also Romanized as Farrokh Khānī; also known as Deh Farokh Khān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 46 families.
 Qater Yuran-e Sofla (Persian: قاطريوران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qāţer Yūrān-e Soflá; also known as Haft Barādar) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Amerić (Serbian: Амерић) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Boręty Pierwsze [bɔˈrɛntɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Lichnowy 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Malbork and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Malar (Persian: ملار‎ also Romanized as Malār) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 12 families.
 Kliny [ˈklinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Opoczno and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jezierzyce Kościelne [jɛʑɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Włoszakowice 12 km (7 mi) west of Leszno and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 480.
 Trzepowo [tʂɛˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pokrzywnica 13 km (8 mi) south of Pułtusk and 41 km (25 mi) north of Warsaw.Trzepowo – wieś w Polsce położona w województwie mazowieckim w powiecie pułtuskim w gminie Pokrzywnica nieopodal miasta Serock.W latach 1975-1998 miejscowość położona była w województwie ciechanowskim.
 Albu Afri (Persian: البوعفري‎ also Romanized as Ālbū ‘Afrī; also known as Ālbū ‘Afrī-ye Shomālī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 758 in 110 families.
 Chah-e Amiq Suri (Persian: چاه عميق سوري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Sūrī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wichowo [viˈxɔvɔ] (German: Wichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Lipno and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Alleh-ye Hajj Abdol Ali (Persian: عله حاج عبدالعلي‎ also Romanized as ʿAlleh-ye Ḩājj ʿAbdol ʿAlī) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 53 families.
 Kostelec (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jigardan (Persian: جيگردان‎ also Romanized as Jīgardān; also known as Jegardān) is a village in Zakharuiyeh Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 21 families.
 Szczycienko [ʂt͡ʂɨˈt͡ɕenkɔ] (formerly German Klein Schönberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Ostrowice 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Rajićke (Cyrillic: Рајићке) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Azarchal (Persian: ازارچال‎ also Romanized as Āzārchāl) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 34 families.
 Presečno is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 Hamidabad (Persian: حميداباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mafruz Lu (Persian: مفروضلو‎ also Romanized as Mafrūẕ Lū and Mafrūẕlū; also known as Khavalu Khaveh Lū and Māhbūzlū) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 76 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 35 households used Mafruzlu as their winter quarters.
 Grzmiąca [ˈɡʐmjɔnt͡sa] (German: Gramenz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Bytów and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 163.
 Ifoundihé Chamboini is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 715.
 Bhagawati is a Village Development Committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2454 people residing in 435 individual households.
 Espatil (Persian: اسپتيل‎ also Romanized as Espatīl) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 28 families.
 Senjdar (Persian: سنجدر‎ also Romanized as Senjīdar) is a village in Ramand-e Jonubi Rural District Ramand District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Galovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D24 highway.
 Sarbice Pierwsze [sarˈbit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Łopuszno and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 290.
 Amir Bostaq (Persian: اميربستاق‎ also Romanized as Amīr Bostāq; also known as Amīr Mūsa and Amir-Muza) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 49 families.
 Rzeczyca Księża [ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa ˈkɕɛ̃ʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Trzydnik Duży 6 km (4 mi) south of Kraśnik and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 830.
 Drozdowo [drɔzˈdɔvɔ] (German: Drosdowen from 1938-45 Drosten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kowale Oleckie 15 km (9 mi) north of Olecko and 138 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has an approximate population of 250.
 Abbalagere is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Shimoga taluk of Shimoga district in Karnataka.Abbalagere earlier famous for Tobacco growing village now farmers growing more Aracanutand plantation crops. paddy maize vegetables are major crops. most of farmers here are medium land holders.
 Łaziska [waˈʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 43.
 Zbeniny [zbɛˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Jelonki [jɛˈlɔnki] (German: Hirschfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rychliki 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 693.
 Palwe Kd is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Ridalepa is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 112 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Turang Tappeh (Persian: تورنگ تپه‎ also Romanized as Tūrang Tappeh) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 661 in 171 families.
 Brzeście Małe [ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Horodnianka-Kolonia [xɔrɔdˈɲanka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Molla Mahalleh (Persian: ملامحله‎ also Romanized as Mollā Maḩalleh) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 61 families.
 Ervat (Persian: اروت‎; also known as Arvar) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 41 families.
 Salehi (Persian: صالحي‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩī; also known as Gheshlagh Salehi and Qeshlāq-e Şāleḩī) is a village in Sang Sefid Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 45 families.
 Łodyna [wɔˈdɨna] (Ukrainian: Лодина Lodyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Ustrzyki Dolne and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Grubno [ˈɡrubnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stolno 5 km (3 mi) south-east of Chełmno 36 km (22 mi) north of Toruń and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 594.
 Ševarlije (Cyrillic: Шеварлије) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.This village is home to Bosnian footballer Aidin Mahmutovic of FK Teplice and formerly of Celik Zenica.
 Lubieniów [luˈbjɛɲuf] (formerly the German village of Liebenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Recz 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Choszczno and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gol Tappeh (Persian: گل تپه‎) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 29 families.
 Górzyn [ˈɡuʐɨn] (German: Guhren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Geographically it is located within Wzgórza Dalkowskie Hills and Obniżenie Ścinawskie which are parts of hills massif Wał Trzebnicki hills formed after glaciation (average height of ca. 100 metres (328 ft)).
 Failolo is a village in the far west of Tutuila Island American Samoa. It is located just south of 'Amanave close to the island's westernmost point Cape Taputapu.
 Vardan (Persian: وردان‎ also Romanized as Vardān) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2285 in 446 families.
 Prądnik [ˈprɔndnik] (German: Hauswerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Puchałowo [puxaˈwɔvɔ] (German: Puchallowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of Nidzica and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Kondamuru is a village in Prakasam District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Dioungani is a village and commune of the Cercle of Koro in the Mopti Region of Mali.
 Võuküla is a village in Räpina Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Občov is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Giętkowizna [ɡʲɛntkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Lipie 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Kłobuck and 93 km (58 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 78.
 Ajirabad (Persian: اجيراباد‎ also Romanized as Ajīrābād; also known as Ajrābād and Jīrābād) is a village in Ardalan Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 27 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Masha Shomareh-ye Seh (Persian: تلمبه مشاع شماره 3‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mashāʿ Shomāreh-ye Seh) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Afshord (Persian: افشرد‎; also known as Ābshārī and Ovshar) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 104 families.
 Gorzków Stary [ˈɡɔʂkuf ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegowa within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Niegowa 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Myszków and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Międzybórz [mjɛnˈd͡zɨbuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Rzeczenica 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 126 km (78 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 391.
 Majhiputtuga is a small village in Talatampara Panchayat in Kanchili mandal of Srikakulam district in Andhra Pradesh. It is located in between the small towns Sompeta and Kaviti. It has a primary school up to 5th class. The village has nearly 100 households. It has a Jhamiyellama temple and Trinath Mandapamu. For higher education people go to ZP High School located at Manikyapuram which has the education up to 10th class.some educated peoples are in this village.
 Piotrowice-Kolonia [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Garbów and 16 km (10 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Küçükyağcı is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Więcmierzyce [vjɛnt͡smjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German Winzenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kamieńczyk [kaˈmjɛɲt͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wyszków and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 700.Kamienczyk which was also called Kamieniec Mazowiecki is located 5 kilometers east of Wyszkow.
 Talwan is a town in Jalandhar District in the Indian state of Punjab.Talwan lies on the Nurmahal-Talwan main road. The development block for Talwan is Nurmahal.The nearest railway station to Talwan is Nurmahal railway station at a distance of 8 km.
 Kurzeszynek [kuʐɛˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rawa Mazowiecka and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kurrah is a big Village in Dildarnagar Kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
 Amlak-e Galikash (Persian: املاك گاليكش‎ also Romanized as Āmlāḵ-e Gālīḵash; also known as Amlāk) is a village in Yanqaq Rural District Galikash District Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 104 families.
 Naramice [naraˈmit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Biała 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Wieluń and 90 km (56 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zosinów [zɔˈɕinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) east of Kutno and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Estehkam (Persian: استحكام‎ also Romanized as Esteḩkām; also known as Esteḩkām-e Jonūbī Estekān and Estīkān) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 79 families.
 Jalakbar (Persian: جل اكبر‎ also Romanized as Jalākbar; also known as Chalageh Chalakbar Jalagbar Jalakbarī and Jalaqeh) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 76 families.
 Pólko [ˈpulkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Khamid-Bek is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Bobrowe [bɔˈbrɔvɛ] (Ukrainian: Боброве Bobrove) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Krasnystaw and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dąbrowa-Wilki [dɔmˈbrɔva ˈvilki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Płąchawy [pwɔ̃ˈxavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Płużnica 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Wąbrzeźno and 39 km (24 mi) north of Toruń.
 Naposhteh (Persian: ناپشته‎ also Romanized as Nāposhteh; also known as Nefishta) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 11 families.
 Kughan (Persian: كوغان‎ also Romanized as Kūghān) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 35 families.
 Malhamlu-ye Olya (Persian: ملحملوعليا‎ also Romanized as Malḩamlū-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Malḩamlū-ye Bālā) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 45 families.
 Reddigudem is a village and Mandal in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Niedziałowice Drugie [ɲɛd͡ʑawɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rejowiec 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Chełm and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 129.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lipie 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Kłobuck and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 331.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 110.
 Kabudeh-ye Olya (Persian: كبوده عليا‎ also Romanized as Kabūdeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Kabūdeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 16 families.
 Gankewala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gareh (Persian: گاره‎ also Romanized as Gāreh) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 12 families.
 Powhatan Point is one of several small villages in Belmont County Ohio United States along the Ohio River. The population was 1592 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Wheeling West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area.While Powhatan likely memorializes the Native-American tribe of the same name the Point in the town's name refers to the confluence between the Captina Creek and the Ohio River. Powhatan Point is the closest town on the Ohio side of Captina Island in the Ohio River.
 Lubiejki [luˈbjɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Milejczyce 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Darreh Bid (Persian: دره بيد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bīd) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Naghan District Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 56 families.
 Ingīshkah (Persian: انگیشکه‎) is a village in Sar-e Pol Province in northern Afghanistan.
 Pipra Pra. Dha. is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3641.
 Berlikum (West Frisian: Berltsum) is a small village in Menaldumadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 2350 citizens (2004).
 Golanki [ɡɔˈlanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lipienica [lipjɛˈnit͡sa] (German: Lipnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Świekatowo 22 km (14 mi) west of Świecie and 38 km (24 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Marreh (Persian: مره‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 25 families.
 Świbie [ˈɕfibjɛ] (German: Schwieben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wielowieś 26 km (16 mi) north of Gliwice and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1198.
 Pudur is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Icheon is a village in Gyeonggi Province South Korea. It should not be confused with the much larger Incheon Metropolitan City. Neighboring districts include Yeoju County Gwangju City Yongin City and Anseong City within Gyeonggi Province as well as Eumseong County in North Chungcheong Province. Together with Yeoju Icheon is known as a center of South Korean ceramic manufacturing. Other famous local products include peaches and rice.
 Emilianów [ɛmiˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Soltanabad-e Chetaq (Persian: سلطان آباد چتاق‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād-e Chetāq and Solţānābād-e Cheţāq; also known as Solţānābād) is a village in Taghamin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 23 families.
 Mjørkadalur is a place on the Faroese island Streymoy in the Tórshavnar municipality.It is the site of a Danish military installation (Island Command Faroes) and NATO early warning radar system. Its official population is 1. Mjørkadalur has no postal code.
 Kapustowo [kapusˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Malbork and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Samatovci is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Daram Rud (Persian: درم رود‎ also Romanized as Daram Rūd) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Hesar Shivan (Persian: حصارشيوان‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār Shīvān) is a village in Shivanat Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 17 families.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Kozłów 15 km (9 mi) north of Miechów and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 Kallarawa is a coastal village 35 miles (56 km) off Trincomalee in Eastern Sri Lanka. It happens to be on one of the strongest Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE also known as the Tamil Tigers) supply routes between the Eastern Province and north eastern areas including Mullaitivu. Kallarawa was the site of the Kallarawa massacre on May 25 1995 during the Eelam War III and of the Battle of Kallarawa on March 25 2008.
 Hasanabad-e Abrizeh (Persian: حسن ابادابريزه‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Ābrīzeh; also known as Hasanābād Ḩasanābād Porīzan and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1229 in 353 families.
 Mutlu Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dumara is a village (barangay) in Lapuyan municipality in the province of Zamboanga del Sur Philippines.
 Gölkaya is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Deh-e Now-e Hajjiabad (Persian: دهنوحاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Now-e Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Custar is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 179 at the 2010 census.
 Mojków [ˈmɔi̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Strzelin and 43 kilometres (27 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Lukšije (Cyrillic: Лукшије) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qerkh Bolagh (Persian: قرخ بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qerkh Bolāgh) is a village in Abgarm Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 37 families.
 Teinkin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Madiseh (Persian: مديسه‎ also Romanized as Madīseh; also known as Qal‘eh Sādāt) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District in the Central District of Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1647 in 384 families.
 Sahebabad (Persian: صاحب اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāḩebābād; also known as Sāhibābād) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 282 in 66 families.
 Kodurupaka is one of the oldest villages in the Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is located 21 km away from Karimnagar on the highway from Karimnagar to Vemulawada. There is bus service to the town. This place is soon getting destroyed under the Sri Ram Sagar Project that covers almost 14 villages.The actual place of interest is not exactly at the Kodurupaka Stage but the entire village is concentrated deep inside which is 2 km away from the main road.
 Gatewadi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Vahdatabad (Persian: وحدت اباد‎ also Romanized as Vaḩdatābād) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 853 in 212 families.
 Barapalli is a village situated 3 km from district Nayagarh in Orissa India. The village has around 150 houses.
 São Marcos da Ataboeira is a Portuguese town/parish in the municipality of Castro Verde with an area of 10339 km² and a population of 373 (2009). The village was integrated into the municipality of Castro Verde during the nineteenth century and is situated 13 km north east from the county seat.It is a territory where the pseudo-steppe is predominant and grazing has an important role in preserving the traditional landscape.
 Losy [ˈlɔsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Fijewo (the gmina seat) 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Iława and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Güneydere is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 126 people.
 Zielonczyn [ʑeˈlɔnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Kamareh-ye Sofla (Persian: كمره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kamareh-ye Soflá; also known as Kamārah) is a village in Shiyan Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 584 in 122 families.
 Rohoznice (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Shir Savar (Persian: شيرسوار‎ also Romanized as Shīr Savār) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 995 in 227 families.
 Rudziny [ruˈd͡ʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Niegosławice 29 km (18 mi) east of Żagań and 44 km (27 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Narges Chal (Persian: نرگس چال‎ also Romanized as Narges Chāl) is a village in Cheshmeh Saran Rural District Cheshmeh Saran District Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 41 families.
 Czyżów [ˈt͡ʂɨʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kleszczów 18 km (11 mi) south of Bełchatów and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kızılcakoru is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Qaderqamu (Persian: قادرقامو‎ also Romanized as Qāderqāmū) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Bożejewko [bɔʐɛˈjɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bierzwnik 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mazal Zamedi (Persian: مزعل ضمدي‎ also Romanized as Maz‘al Ẕamedī; also known as Maz‘al Bandeh) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 51 families.
 Vana-Nurtu is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Budy Słodkowskie [ˈbudɨ swɔtˈkɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Turek and 112 km (70 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 279.
 Stara Dobrzyca [ˈstara dɔˈbʐɨt͡sa] (formerly German Alt Döberitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Resko 22 km (14 mi) north of Łobez and 77 km (48 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Cieszkowo Stare [t͡ɕɛʂˈkɔvɔ ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Baboszewo 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Gończyce [ɡɔɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sobolew 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 840.
 Grgići (Serbian: Гргићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Umapur (Kannada: ಉಮಾಪುರ) is a village in the Basavakalyan taluk of Bidar district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 Szczytniki [ʂt͡ʂɨtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Proszowice and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 400.
 Balan (Persian: بلان‎ also Romanized as Balān; also known as Bahlan) is a village in Gavkhuni Rural District Bon Rud District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 88 families.
 Dutluk is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Wdowin [ˈvdɔvin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Drużbice 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Bełchatów and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Krzczonów [ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tokarnia within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Tokarnia 12 km (7 mi) south of Myślenice and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1900.
 Başköy is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 237 people.
 Dez Gereh-ye Afshar-e Pain (Persian: دزگره افشارپايين‎ also Romanized as Dez Gereh-ye Āfshār-e Pā’īn; also known as Dez Gereh) is a village in Chashm Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 27 families.
 Guyim (Persian: گويم‎ also Romanized as Gūyīm; also known as Gūyom and Gūyum) is a village in Derak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7297 in 1829 families.
 Nowy Podoś [ˈnɔvɨ ˈpɔdɔɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Molla Balut (Persian: ملابلوط‎ also Romanized as Mollā Balūţ; also known as Mollāy-ye Balūţ) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Yazıbeyli is a village in the District of Kazan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Cheshmeh Chai-ye Sofla (Persian: چشمه چاي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chāī-ye Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Chāhī-ye Soflá) is a village in Karezan Rural District Karezan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 20 families.
 Gwoźnica Górna [ɡvɔʑˈɲit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Niebylec 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Strzyżów and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1480.Polish writer Julian Przyboś was born here.
 Erumeli North is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Poyya is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Seyl Mish-e Olya (Persian: سيلميش عليا‎ also Romanized as Seyl Mīsh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Seyl Mīsh and Sīlmish) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Ab Darreh (Persian: اب دره‎ also Romanized as Āb Darreh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Meynun (Persian: مينون‎ also Romanized as Meynūn) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sabuk (Persian: سبوك‎ also Romanized as Sabūk) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 565 in 112 families.
 Kargahi (Persian: كارگهي‎ also Romanized as Kārgahī) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Górki Średnie [ˈɡurki ˈɕrɛdɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. They have an embargo of stamps.
 Eslamabad-e Deh Now (Persian: اسلام اباددهنو‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Deh Now; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 100 families.
 Krootuse is a village in Kõlleste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.Politician Heinrich Mark (1911–2004) was born in Krootuse.
 Rijeća (Serbian: Ријећа) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rankowskie [raŋˈkɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Urzędów 10 km (6 mi) north of Kraśnik and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Abacı is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Orzechówko [ɔʐɛˈxufkɔ] (German Nussdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Świętajno 8 km (5 mi) west of Olecko and 127 km (79 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Władysławów [vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wierzbica 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Chełm and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Poświętne [pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ] is a village in Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Poświętne. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Wołomin and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 290.
 Al-Amqiyah al-Tahta (Arabic: العمقية تحتا‎) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located northwest of Hama. It is situated in the Ghab plain Nearby localities include al-Huwash to the south Nabl al-Khatib to the southwest Farikah to the west al-Ziyarah to the northwest and al-Ankawi to the north. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics al-Amqiyah al-Tahta had a population of 3300 in the 2004 census.
 Barnalu is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2522 living in 484 individual households.
 Modran is a village in Jalore District of Rajasthan. It is around 9 km to the south of Bakra and 15 km to the west of Bagra. The nearest village is Bara 4 km to the south. Eighteen kilometers to the north-west is Sayala. The locally famous Ashapura Mata temple is located here.
 Marke is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4189 people living in 770 individual households.
 Albu Shahbaz (Persian: البوشهباز‎ also Romanized as Ālbū Shahbāz) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي آباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 54 families.
 Asiabar (Persian: اسيابر‎ also Romanized as Āsīābar and Āsīyābar) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 479 in 169 families.
 Tedhakatti is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2623 people living in 476 individual households.
 Ingeniero Foster is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
 Yazılı is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 334 people.
 Eerma is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Manjrod is a village in a Shirpur Taluka of Dhule district Maharashtra. It is located on bank of Tapi river. Manjrod is 70 km from the city of Dhule.The major occupation of the people is agriculture with cotton as the major product.
 Stockville is a village in Frontier County Nebraska United States. The population was 25 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Frontier County.
 Tajabad-e Do (Persian: تاج اباد2‎ also Romanized as Tājābād-e Do; also known as Tājābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 33 families.
 Białki Dolne [ˈbjau̯ki ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ułęż 10 km (6 mi) east of Ryki and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Osiek-Włostybory [ˈɔɕek vwɔstɨˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Borlang is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4737 and had 837 houses in the town.
 Hadiya Nepal is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8564 people living in 1579 individual households.
 Tutermaa is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 274 (as of 1 June 2010).
 Lapilang is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3959 people living in 901 individual households.
 Wola Dębińska [ˈvɔla dɛmˈbiɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dębno 8 km (5 mi) east of Brzesko and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Malon is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت آباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Mīrzā) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 9 families.
 Balinka [baˈliŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Sztabin 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Augustów and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Pétaka is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Douentza in the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune contains five villages and had a population of 6010 in the 2009 census.
 Veliko Selo is a village in the municipality of Malo Crniće Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 493 people (according to the 1991 census the village had a population of 694 people) .
 Konnathady (കൊന്നത്തടി)is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala. The Civic agency here is Konnathady Grama Panchayath.
 Gunn City is a village in Cass County Missouri United States. The population was 118 at the 2010 census.
 Kłoda [ˈkwɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytwiany within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rytwiany 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Staszów and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 575.
 Donja Trnava is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1600 people.
 Gornja Oraovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Горња Ораовица) is a village in Croatia.
 Ørnes is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county Norway. It is located along Norwegian County Road 17 about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of Reipå and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of Eidbukta. The island of Mesøya lies just west of the village. Ørnes is a port of call along the Hurtigruten ferry route between Nesna and Bodø. The 1.84-square-kilometre (450-acre) village has a population (2011) of 1623.
 Trzcianka [ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Rutka-Tartak 27 km (17 mi) north of Suwałki and 134 km (83 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Skrobów [ˈskrɔbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lubartów and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Węgornia [vɛnˈɡɔrɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łęczyce 28 km (17 mi) west of Wejherowo and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kondukuduru is situated in East Godavari district in Ainavilli region in Andhra Pradesh State.
 Tchórznica Szlachecka [txuʐˈnit͡sa ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Karimabad-e Abnil (Persian: كريم اباداب نيل‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Ābnīl; also known as Karīmābād and Karīmābād-e Nīl) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 74 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Ayan Ali Samad (Persian: قشلاق اينالي صمد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ayan Alī Şamad) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 12 families.
 Chałków [ˈxau̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lipie 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Kłobuck and 89 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 22.
 Taqiabad (Persian: تقي اباد‎ also Romanized as Taqīābād) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1060 in 268 families.
 Mohammadlu (Persian: محمدلو‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadlū) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 33 families.
 Siah Manseh-ye Bala (Persian: سياه منسه بالا‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Manseh-ye Bālā; also known as Seyāh Mūneseh Sīāh Mūneseh and Sīāh Mūnseh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 64 families.
 Başköy is a village in the District of Arhavi Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 91 people.
 Miholjački Poreč is a village in the region of Osijek-Baranja in Croatia.
 Deh-e Kadkhoda Shah Jan Bamari (Persian: ده كدخدا شاه جان بامرئ‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kadkhodā Shāh Jān Bāmari) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 37 families.
 Perzów [ˈpɛʐuf] is a village in Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Perzów. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kępno and 139 km (86 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Amirabad-e Amirqoli (Persian: اميراباداميرقلي‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Amīrqolī) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Nauwakhor Prashahi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3236 persons living in 625 individual households.
 Gol Marzanik (Persian: گل مرزنيك‎ also Romanized as Gol Marzanīk; also known as Gol Marzīnak) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 434 in 79 families.
 Zaścianki [zaɕˈt͡ɕanki] (German: Schwangen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Khobeyneh-ye Olya (Persian: خبينه عليا‎ also Romanized as Khobeyneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Idalhond is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Manangorai is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Tannersville is a village in Greene County New York USA. The village is in the east-central part of the town of Hunter on Route 23A. The population was 539 at the 2010 census.
 Pietrzykowice [pjɛtʂɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łodygowice within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Łodygowice 5 km (3 mi) west of Żywiec and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 4279.
 Szlachecka [ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Naser 3 (Persian: موتورپم پنثر3‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Nas̱er 3) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 17 families.
 Gowhargan-e Sofla (Persian: گوهرگان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gowhargān-e Soflá; also known as Dālān-e Gowhargān and Gowhargān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 19 families.
 Çampınar is a village in the District of Çelikhan Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Uğrak Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Esterka [ɛsˈtɛrka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nowy Kawęczyn 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Przećmino [pʂɛt͡ɕˈminɔ] (German: Prettmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kołobrzeg and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Esbu Mahalleh (Persian: اسبومحله‎ also Romanized as Esbū Maḩalleh; also known as Espū Maḩalleh) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1651 in 459 families.
 Domrud-e Olya (Persian: دم رودعليا‎ also Romanized as Domrūd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Changā’ī Chingani Chin Kanī and Dom Rūd) is a village in Mamulan Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 120 families.
 Pol Murd (Persian: پل مورد‎ also Romanized as Pol Mūrd) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 15 families.
 Lubajny [luˈbai̯nɨ] (German: Lubainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Karacaören is a village in the District of Yenipazar Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 679 people.
 Zwierzynek [zvjɛˈʐɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Choszczno and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kossowa [kɔsˈsɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Wadowice and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 420.
 Kaslani (Persian: كسلاني‎ also Romanized as Kaslānī; also known as Chāh Tolombeh-ye ‘Alī-ye Zāre‘) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Kalandan (Persian: سركلاندن‎ also Romanized as Sar Kalāndan) is a village in Irafshan Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 568 in 106 families.
 Akin is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Odargowo [ɔdarˈɡɔvɔ] (Kashubian: Òdargòwò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Krokowa 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Puck and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 323.
 Stężycka Huta [stɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡ska ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stężyca 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 163.
 Dolany [dɔˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszyce within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Mannikeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Wildervank is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of Veendam about 3 km south of the centre of Veendam itself.Wildervank was a separate municipality until 1969 when the area was divided between Veendam and Stadskanaal.
 Trhové Dušníky is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the Litavka river.
 Kaleh Bandan (Persian: كله بندان‎ also Romanized as Kaleh Bandān) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Narost [ˈnarɔst] (formerly German Nordhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Chojna 41 km (25 mi) south of Gryfino and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 San Martín is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Jerry City is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 427 at the 2010 census.
 Qeshlaq-e Qirlu (Persian: قشلاق قيرلو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qīrlū) is a village in Gowg Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 Paskovac is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 687 people.
 Narmash (Persian: نرماش‎ also Romanized as Narmāsh) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 27 families.
 Arrissoules is village in the district of Yverdon of the Canton of Vaud Switzerland.The village was an independent municipality until it was incorporated into Rovray on January 1 2005.The Tunnel of Arrissoules of the A1 motorway is located near the village.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Witki [ˈvitki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Błonie 11 km (7 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 24 km (15 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Więcławice Dworskie [vjɛnt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ ˈdvɔrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kupljensko is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D216 highway.
 Iżyce [iˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżewice within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Emamzadeh Khuraq (Persian: امامزاده خورق‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Khūraq; also known as Khvoraq) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 9 families.
 Verevi is a village in Rannu Parish Tartu County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 38 (as of 1 January 2010).Verevi is bodrered to the west by Lake Võrtsjärv to the north by Emajõgi River to the east by Sangla bog and to the south by Suure-Rakke village. The Tartu–Viljandi road (nr. 92) passes Verevi on its western side just before VõrtsjärvVerevi was first mentioned in 1582 as Werva Wielka.
 Hacıosmanoğlu Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Przybysławice [pʂɨbɨswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Pir Sara (Persian: پيرسرا‎ also Romanized as Pīr Sarā; also known as Pīreh Sarā) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 580 in 180 families.
 Sarab-e Surenabad (Persian: سرابسورن اباد‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Sūrenābād and Sarāb-e Surenābād) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 19 families.
 Katarandena is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Finčevec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D22 highway.
 Cerici (Cyrillic: Церици) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Duvva is a village in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India Located in Tanuku Mandal. It is a major village on NH-5 and a large market place for shopping for sarees and traditional dresses. Andhra Bank is the only bank in town with an ATM (open 24x7) near Kammavari Ramalayam. This is one of the villages that do not yet have any local hospital or an MBBS doctor.
 Sączów [ˈsɔnt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki within Będzin Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1406.
 Jastrzębie [jasˈtʂɛmbjɛ] (German: Jastern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lipno and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Bobbilgam is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Rochental [rɔˈxɛntal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Michałowo and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wetering is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is located in the municipality of Steenwijkerland about 9 km southwest of the town of Steenwijk.
 Siah Gelal (Persian: سياه گلال‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Gelāl) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wierzbice-Guzy [vjɛʐˈbit͡sɛ ˈɡuzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Veliko Polje is a village situated in Obrenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Avaz Lar Sayyadlar (Persian: عوض لرصيادلر‎ also Romanized as ʿAvaz̤ Lar Sayyādlar) is a village in Virmuni Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 15 families.
 Sarmaran (Persian: سارمران‎ also Romanized as Sārmarān Sarmārān and Sār Merān; also known as Chahār Mārān and Chārmārān) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1417 in 315 families.
 Meydan Khalaf (Persian: ميدان خلف‎ also Romanized as Meydān Khalaf; also known as Meydān Ghalaf) is a village in Majin Rural District Majin District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 82 families.
 Qostin Naheyeh (Persian: قسطين ناحيه‎ also Romanized as Qosṭīn Nāḥeyeh) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 64 families.
 Valiabad (Persian: ولي اباد‎ also Romanized as Valīābād) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 39 families.
 Yasti Bulagh (Persian: ياستي بولاغ‎ also Romanized as Yāstī Būlāgh; also known as Yāstī Bolāgh and Yāsu Bulāq) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 54 families.
 Al (Persian: ال‎ also Romanized as Āl) is a village in Kardeh Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 107 families.
 Wargaon is a village in the Kankavli taluk in Maharashtra India. Wargaon is noted for the temple of Kalambadevi which as of June 2012 is undergoing renovation.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Słupca and 77 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Avres Morad (Persian: اورس مراد‎ also Romanized as Āvres Morād; also known as Ābres va Morād) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 19 families.
 Eslamabad Mohammad Hoseyn (Persian: اسلام‌آباد محمدحسين‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād Moḥammad Hoseyn; also known simply as Eslāmābād) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 12 families.
 Stapar (Serbian Cyrillic: Стапар) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Sombor municipality in the West Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3720 people (2002 census).
 Vangoor (Telugu: వంగూరు) is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Kalaty [kaˈlatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Villemi is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Tombat-e Bala (Persian: تم بت بالا‎ also Romanized as Tombat-e Bālā) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 61 families.
 Markhal (Persian: مرخال‎ also Romanized as Markhāl) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 730 in 183 families.
 Pareh Kabud (Persian: پره کبود‎ also Romanized as Pareh Kabūd; also known as Par Kabūd) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Piaski Małe [ˈpjaski ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stepnica 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 35.
 Siah Shir (Persian: سياه شير‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Shīr; also known as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Central District of Mirjaveh County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Heshmatiyeh (Persian: حشمتيه‎ also Romanized as Ḩeshmatīyeh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 244 families.
 Düzmeşe is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 82 people.
 Artagall is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Łaguszewo [waɡuˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Trąbki Wielkie 11 km (7 mi) south of Pruszcz Gdański and 22 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 204.
 Kurabagatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Nagalapuram is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Trzcinica Wołowska [tʂt͡ɕiˈnit͡sa vɔˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wińsko 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Wołów and 41 kilometres (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Omm ol Ghezlan (Persian: ام الغزلان‎ also Romanized as Omm ol Ghezlān; also known as Āhūvand Āhvand Ohmgazlan Omm-ol Qazlān and Ommol-qezlān) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Czajki [ˈt͡ʂai̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Arnager is a small fishing village in Rønne parish Bornholm island Denmark. It is approximately 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southwest of Nylars about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) southeast of Rønne and approximately 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southeast of Bornholm Airport. Its population in 2010 was 151 residents. Arnager Bay is east of Arnager.According to Bornholm Place Names Arnager was first mentioned in 1552 as Arenack in one of the Chancery letter books. The harbor was built in 1883 by H. Zahrtmann.
 Garbek [ˈɡarbɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Przechlewo 22 km (14 mi) north of Człuchów and 103 km (64 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 94.
 Shahrak-e Qaem (Persian: شهرك قائم‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Qā’em; also known as Khaṭāb) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 76 families.
 Dratów-Kolonia [ˈdratuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dumara is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3948 people living in 575 individual households.
 Torkeh-ye Olya (Persian: تركه عليا‎ also Romanized as Torkeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District in the Central District of Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Sherkat-e Nirpars (Persian: شركت نيرپارس‎ also Romanized as Sherkat-e Nīrpārs) is a village in Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni Rural District Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni District Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Sisneri is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3542 living in 636 individual households.
 Słupia [ˈswupja] is a village in Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słupia. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 950.
 Necmiyeköy is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 101 people.
 Guceviće is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 67 people.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 80 families.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dizer Kola (Persian: ديزركلا‎ also Romanized as Dīzer Kolā) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 64 families.
 Tafas (Arabic: طفس‎ also spelled Tafs or Tuffas) is a town in southern Syria administratively part of the Daraa Governorate located north of Daraa. Nearby localities include al-Shaykh Saad and Nawa to the north Da'el Abtaa and al-Shaykh Maskin to the northeast Saham al-Jawlan and Adwan to the northwest and Muzayrib to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Tafas had a population of 32236 in the 2004 census.
 Daniłowo Duże [daniˈwɔvɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Łapy and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 250.
 Rostaq (Persian: رستاق‎ also Romanized as Rostāq; also known as Rastagh Rowstāq and Rustāq) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 679 in 133 families.
 Grabek [ˈɡrabɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Szczerców 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Borgan (Persian: برگان‎ also Romanized as Borgān; also known as Borkān) is a village in Bakhtajerd Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1132 in 259 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Nasrabad (Persian: مزرعه ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Nāşrābād) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 41 families.
 Śniadka Trzecia [ˈɕɲatka ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Bodzentyn and 29 km (18 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Yukarısal is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 337 people.
 Purda [ˈpurda] (German: Groß-Purden) is a village in Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Purda. It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 1140.
 Yamfudin is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 764 people living in 130 individual households.
 Bamer Kola (Persian: بامركلا‎ also Romanized as Bāmer Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 91 families.
 Ennaivayal is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Zielonka [ʑeˈlɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Golczewo 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Lilab (Persian: ليلاب‎ also Romanized as Līlāb; also known as Līlān and Lilyan) is a village in Dizmar-e Markazi Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 591 in 130 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Khareh (Persian: محمدابادخره‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Khareh; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Kharūd) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 896 in 217 families.
 Chaq-e Firuzjai (Persian: چاق فيروزجائي‎ also Romanized as Chāq-e Fīrūzjā’ī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Slavošov is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 7.59 square kilometres (2.93 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 162.
 Psarskie [ˈpsarskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Śrem and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 810.
 Hantumhuizen (West Frisian: Hantumhuzen) is a small village in Dongeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 100 citizens (2004).
 Januszkowice [januʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Długołęka and 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mishkeh (Persian: ميشكه‎ also Romanized as Mīshkeh; also known as Mīsheh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 21 families.
 Jabłonka Kościelna [jaˈbwɔnka kɔɕˈt͡ɕelna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 160.
 Çomoğlu is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Derbentobruğu is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Deh-e Reza (Persian: ده رضا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Reẕā) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 58 families.
 Balık is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 214 people.
 Kolonia Dąbrówka [kɔˈlɔɲa dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Tarłów 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Opatów and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 50.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād and Ishqābād) is a village in Fasharud Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 12 families.
 Coronel Du Graty is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Palapu is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3830 living in 625 individual households.
 Kalumenan (Persian: كلومنان‎ also Romanized as Kalūmenān) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 8 families.
 Dar Afshan (Persian: دارافشان‎ also Romanized as Dār Āfshān; also known as Dārūn) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1006 in 260 families.
 Chlewiska [xlɛˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kaźmierz 10 km (6 mi) south of Szamotuły and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chah Gharbal (Persian: چاه غربال‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gharbāl) is a village in Tukahur Rural District Tukahur District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1625 in 355 families.
 Shaqrud (Persian: شقرود‎ also Romanized as Shaqrūd; also known as Shaghrood Shaqar Rūd and Shaqrūr) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 18 families.
 Međurečje is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 156 people.
 Boryty [bɔˈrɨtɨ] (German Klein Boritten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bronisławów [brɔniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jaki [ˈjaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wąsosz 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Zarundeh (Persian: زارونده‎ also Romanized as Zārūndeh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 45 families.
 Modzele [mɔˈd͡zɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Młynarze 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 89 km (55 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Hasanabad-e Nushabad (Persian: حسن ابادنوش اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Nūshābād; also known as Nūshābād) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1080 in 258 families.
 Nargandal (Persian: نارگندل‎ also Romanized as Nārgandal; also known as Na‘l Kandal Nālgand Nālgandeh and Nālkandar) is a village in Afriz Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 23 families.
 Drača (Serbian: Драча) is a village in the municipality of Stanovo Serbia. According to the preliminary results of the 2011 census the village has a population of 911 people. In the domain of the village cca 7 kilometres from the centre of the city of Kragujevac the geographical centre of Serbia is located.
 Backë is a village in the municipality of Potom in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Lilapur is a village in Rajkot district Gujarat India.
 Lepsze [ˈlɛpʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 3256.
 Pržine (Cyrillic: Пржине) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kornaciska [kɔrnaˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Metsalauka is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Kijewo [kiˈjɛvɔ] (German: Kiöwen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Olecko and 133 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kal Ab Ti (Persian: كل اب تي‎ also Romanized as Kal Āb Tī) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Elgsnes is a village in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located on the northeastern part of the large island of Hinnøya along the Andfjorden about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of the town of Harstad and about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of Kasfjord. Elgsnes is located at the tip of a narrow peninsula looking across the Toppsundet strait at the village of Grøtavær on the island of Grytøya. Elgsnes Chapel is located in this village.
 Chodywańce [xɔdɨˈvaɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Validabad (Persian: وليداباد‎ also Romanized as Valīdābād and Walīdābād) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District Milajerd District Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 27 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Tulayi (Persian: مزرعه تولايي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Tūlāyī) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nagayalanka is a small coastal village and a Mandal headquarters in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh. It is located on the banks of Krishna River.The population is about 20000. Agriculture and aquaculture are the primary occupations.On August 23 2010 Cairn India discovered oil at Nagayalanka.[1]
 Kozłowice [kɔzwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Gorzów Śląski 13 km (8 mi) north of Olesno and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Kabud Kalayeh (Persian: كبودكلايه‎ also Romanized as Kabūd Kalāyeh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 71 families.
 Darreh Bid (Persian: دره بيد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bīd and Darrehbīd) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 18 families.
 Eimhjellen is a village in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the Hyen area about 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Straume. The village lies on the eastern shore of the large lake Eimhjellevatnet. The villages of Hjorteset and Solheim lie about 4 to 5 kilometres (2.5 to 3.1 mi) to the west (across the lake).Eimhjellen has a population of around 40 people living on 12 farms. It is an active agricultural environment with cows sheep and pigs.
 Sehaff is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Uduwerella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Boczki [ˈbɔt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dubeninki 18 km (11 mi) east of Gołdap and 148 km (92 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bugzy-Święchy [ˈbuɡzɨ ˈɕfjɛ̃xɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kunnathunad is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Kenes Darreh (Persian: كنس دره‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 12 families.
 Gol Anbar (Persian: گل عنبر‎ also Romanized as Gol ‘Anbar; also known as Galanbar Gol Anbareh Kalanbar Kolambar Kolanbar Kuliambar and Kyulyambar) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 41 families.
 Bogumin [bɔˈɡumin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Gulab-e Sofla (Persian: گولاب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gūlāb-e Soflá; also known as Gūlāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 Govabin (Persian: گوابين‎ also Romanized as Govābīn and Gavābīn; also known as Gavāpen and Kovābīn) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District Rig District Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 70 families.
 Ab Meshkin (Persian: اب مشكين‎ also Romanized as Āb Meshkīn; also known as Āb-e Meshgīn and Āb-i-Mushkin) is a village in Mehraban-e Olya Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2113 in 389 families.
 Ban Gowd-e Ahmadi (Persian: بنگوداحمدي‎ also Romanized as Ban Gowd-e Aḩmadī) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 554 in 128 families.
 Sainte-Anne-de-Madawaska (2006 population: 1073) is a Canadian village in Madawaska County New Brunswick.The village is located on the Saint John River 30 kilometres southeast of Edmundston.Forestry is the major industry in the area.
 Marlewo [marˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Rogoźno 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Oborniki and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 97.
 Bijnapalli or Bijinapalle is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Kuzah Topraqi (Persian: كوزه تپراقي‎ also Romanized as Kūzah Toprāqī; also known as Kūzah Torpāqī) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 36 families.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 93 families.
 Talkhestan (Persian: تلخستان‎ also Romanized as Talkhestān) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 18 families.
 Chukasara Poshteh (Persian: چوكاسراپشته‎ also Romanized as Chūkāsarā Poshteh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bohlulabad (Persian: بهلول اباد‎ also Romanized as Bohlūlābād) is a village in Dasht-e Taybad Rural District Miyan Velayat District Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2030 in 422 families.
 Guni (Persian: گوني‎ also Romanized as Gūnī) is a village in Qezel Gechilu Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 62 families.
 Daljeli (Persian: دلجلي‎ also Romanized as Daljelī; also known as Dāljelū and Deljelū) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 62 families.
 Jasiowa Huta [jaˈɕɔva ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Nowa Karczma 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Kościerzyna and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 69.
 Szarek [ˈʂarɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jarużyn-Kolonia [jaˈruʐɨn kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 126.[citation needed]
 Kolová (German: Kohlhau) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Villakvere is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Rend) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 37 families.
 Harrisville is a village in Lewis County New York United States. The population was 628 at the 2010 census.The Village of Harrisville is in the northeast part of the Town of Diana and is south of Ogdensburg New York.
 Dhap is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4092 people living in 694 individual households.
 Yurdak-e Bala (Persian: يوردك بالا‎ also Romanized as Yūrdak-e Bālā; also known as Yardak-e Bālā Yardūk-e Bālā and Yordūk-e Bālā) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hacınuhlu is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is about situated in the slopes of Toros Mountains facing the Göksu River valley. Its distance to Mut is 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) and to Mersin is 170 kilometres (110 mi). The population of the Hacınuhlu was 370 as of 2012. Olive is the main product of the village.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Zawichost 19 km (12 mi) north of Sandomierz and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Tumachlar-e Altin (Persian: توماچلرالتين‎ also Romanized as Tūmāchlar-e Āltīn) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District Gomishan District Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 41 families.
 Bhoodha Ka Bas (Hindi: भूधा का बास Rajasthani: भूधा का बास) is a recently formed village separated from the village Beerodi Bari in the Laxmangarh administrative region of the Sikar district of Indian state Rajasthan. It is situated in the north-east side of the district Sikar of Indian state Rajasthan. The village situated 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Laxmangarh town and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of Nawalgarh town.
 Gur Mavali (Persian: گورمعوالي‎ also Romanized as Gūr Mavālī and Gūr Mavāl) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Tang-e Khiareh (Persian: تنگخياره‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Khīāreh; also known as Khīāreh) is a village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 514 in 121 families.
 Drwalew [ˈdrvalɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wartkowice 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lubstów [ˈlupstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sompolno 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Konin and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 643.
 Maslinovo is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Warcin [ˈvart͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skwierzyna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Skwierzyna 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Międzyrzecz and 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Zabrodzie [zaˈbrɔd͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Olszewo-Borki 5 km (3 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 106 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Marus (Persian: ماروس‎ also Romanized as Mārūs) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 69 families.
 Zlokuće (Serbian: Злокуће) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nurabad (Persian: نوراباد‎ also Romanized as Nūrābād) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 42 families.
 Kněžice (Nymburk District) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Nymburk and 67 kilometres (42 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 19.57 square kilometres (7.56 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 510.First written notice about the village is from year 1295.
 Hajji Ali Baman (Persian: حاجيعليبمان‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī ‘Alī Bamān) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zagužanje is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 890 people.
 Belvata is a census town in Mysore district in the state of Karnataka India.
 Noordwijk is a small village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of Marum about 3 km north of the town of Marum.
 Palem is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.Several villages also have Palem as the second part of their name including Pagadam Vari Palem Kotireddy Palem Tummala Palem and Rambhatla palem.
 Sari Qayah (Persian: ساري قيه‎ also Romanized as Sārī Qayah) is a village in Sain Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 51 families.
 Kalak-e Azizabad (Persian: کلک عزيز آباد‎ also Romanized as Kalak-e ‘Azīzābād and Kalk ‘Azīzābād; also known as Kalak) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jonbed (Persian: جنبد‎; also known as Jombed Jonbeh and Jonīd) is a village in Posht Par Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Potasze [pɔˈtaʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Czerwonak and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 170.
 Golestanak (Persian: گلستانك‎ also Romanized as Golestānak; also known as Gulistān) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1468 in 371 families.
 Hernádpetri is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Kheskok (Persian: خسكك‎ also Romanized as Khoskak; also known as Khesok and Khosok) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 31 families.
 Sadykierz [saˈdɨkʲɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Fesun (Persian: فسون‎ also Romanized as Fesūn Fasoon Fasūn and Fosūn) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 10 families.
 Marianowo [marjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sintjohannesga (West Frisian: Sint Jânsgea) is a small village in Skarsterlân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 1123 citizens (2004).
 Jafarabad-e Olya (Persian: جعفرآباد عليا‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 49 families.
 Aliabad-e Yek (Persian: علي آباد1‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Yek; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Santhanuthalapadu is a village and mandal in Prakasam District Andhra Pradesh in India. It's located about 10 km from Ongole.
 Pawonków [paˈvɔnkuf] (German Pawonkau) is a village in Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Pawonków. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Lubliniec and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Ektirli Karpuzlu is a village in the District of Karpuzlu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 395 people.
 Zangaruiyeh (Persian: زنگاروييه‎ also Romanized as Zangārū’īyeh and Zangārū’īeh) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 11 families.
 Tazeh Kand-e Nahand (Persian: تازه كندنهند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Nahand and Tāzeh Kand Nahand; also known as Tazakend and Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 74 families.
 Ecikler Bartın is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1031 people.
 Lubowo [luˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wronki 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 88.
 Pir Aziz (Persian: پيرعزيز‎ also Romanized as Pīr ‘Azīz) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Chub Bast (Persian: چوب بست‎ also Romanized as Chūb Bast; also known as Chūbast) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 78 families.
 Roovere is a village in Väätsa Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Strumiany [struˈmjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Stargard Szczeciński and 20 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 64.
 Barmah (Persian: برمه‎) is a village in Aviz Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Kortrang is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2558.
 Wola Kosnowa [ˈvɔla kɔsˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Gornji Rahić (Serbian: Горњи Рахић) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ulapane is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.(Worry Less Youth's Club) is vary faves Club in Ulapane
 Hakjala is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Tup Qarah (Persian: توپ قره‎ also Romanized as Tūp Qarah and Tūp Qareh; also known as Tupkarekh and Tūp Qarā’) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1187 in 266 families.
 Błotnica Strzelecka [bwɔtˈnit͡sa stʂɛˈlɛt͡ska] (German Blottnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south east of Strzelce Opolskie and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Stroszki [ˈstrɔʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nekla within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Nekla 14 km (9 mi) west of Września and 33 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gilamolk (Persian: گيلاملك‎ also Romanized as Gīlāmolk) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 50 families.
 Ostrowiec [ɔsˈtrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Dobiegniew 16 km (10 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 130.
 Barycz [ˈbarɨt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dobroń 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Pabianice and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 210.
 Barrancas (Neuquén) is a village and municipality in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.
 Sanikatta is a twin village (combined with Talgeri) in Kumta taluk of Uttara Kannada district Karnataka India. This place is about a few square kilometres in extent. It is in the neighborhood of Gokarna Devarbhavi Torke and Tadadi port. The place Sanikatta is the oldest salt-manufacturing village in the Karnataka State. Beginning from 1720 Sanikatta has continued manufacturing salt for nearly 300 years.
 Ratari is a village in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2035 people.
 Deh Zir (Persian: ده زير‎ also Romanized as Deh Zīr and Deh-e Zīr; also known as Dehrīz) is a village in Abadeh Tashk Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 567 in 144 families.
 Kamal Chub Sar (Persian: كمل چوبسر‎ also Romanized as Kamal Chūb Sar) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 37 families.
 Redzyńskie [rɛˈd͡zɨɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Latowicz 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Jam (Persian: جم‎) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sredska (Bulgarian: Средска) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 184.507 kilometres (114.647 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 2.92 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 23 people.
 Alam-uru is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Pasieka-Kolonia [paˈɕeka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Satlsar (Persian: سطل سر‎ also Romanized as Saţlsar and Saţlesar) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1020 in 307 families.
 Galleh Gah (Persian: گله گه‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Brzozowa [bʐɔˈzɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gromnik within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 743.
 Baluchkan (Persian: بلوچكان‎ also Romanized as Balūchkān) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 407 in 52 families.
 Kikorze [kiˈkɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osina within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Osina 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 260.
 Czerwięcice [t͡ʂɛrvjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rudnik 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Racibórz and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 130.
 Mazraeh-ye Gachi (Persian: مزرعه گچي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gachī; also known as Gachī Sar Gachīneh and Sar Gachīneh Gachachī) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Zbójno [ˈzbui̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gozdowo 16 km (10 mi) south of Sierpc and 104 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Nowe Kolnie [ˈnɔvɛ ˈkɔlɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Lubsza 9 km (6 mi) east of Brzeg and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 150.
 Koreh Muchi (Persian: كره موچي‎ also Romanized as Koreh Mūchī; also known as Koremochī) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 754 in 162 families.
 Wirów [ˈviruf] (formerly German Wierow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 23 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Futung is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2741 and had 531 households in it.
 Rokkasho (六ヶ所村 Rokkasho-mura) is a village in Kamikita District of northeastern Aomori Prefecture in the Tōhoku region of Japan. As of November 2013 the village had an estimated population of 10899 and a population density of 43.1 persons per km². Its total area was 253.01 square kilometres (97.69 sq mi).
 Demirci is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Novopokrovka is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Stężyca Nadwieprzańska [stɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sa nadvʲɛˈpʂaɲska] (Ukrainian: Стужиця Надвепринська Stuzhytsia Nadvepryns’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnystaw within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Krasnystaw and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Przeczów [ˈpʂɛt͡ʂuf] (German Prietzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Namysłów and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ramayapalem is a small village located in Marripudi Mandal Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. Ramayapalem is located 43 km from Ongole and 12 km from Kondapi. Adjacent to the village is an 1 km² water reservoir.
 Wojsławice [vɔi̯swaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Byczyna within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Darreh Chah (Persian: دره چاه‎ also Romanized as Darreh Chāh) is a village in Vahdatiyeh Rural District Sadabad District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Taqakenarsheh (Persian: طاقاكنارشه‎ also Romanized as Ţāqākenārsheh) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Karczów [ˈkart͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wielgomłyny 19 km (12 mi) east of Radomsko and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Olesno and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Rekówka [rɛˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Lipsko and 116 km (72 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Orzeszkowo [ɔʐɛʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Hajnówka and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bayjan (Persian: بائيجان‎ also Romanized as Bā’yjān Bāyjān and Bāījān) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 97 families.
 Al Gharith is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Dzikowo [d͡ʑiˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiszyn within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lubiszyn and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gedikli is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Kahruyeh (Persian: كهرويه‎ also Romanized as Kahrūyeh; also known as Khurru Khūrū Korūyeh and Kūrū) is a village in Kahruyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2310 in 643 families.
 Gągławki [ɡɔnˈɡwafki] (German: Ganglau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Leszyce [lɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Wielka within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Mochnate [mɔxˈnatɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Hajnówka and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 350.
 Krajkowo [krai̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Raciąż 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Jubaji (Persian: جوبجي‎ also Romanized as Jūbajī and Joobji) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 82 families.
 Kanan-e Sofla (Persian: كنعان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kan‘ān-e Soflá; also known as Kan‘ān-e Ra‘īyat) is a village in Dul Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 26 families.
 Shurjeh-ye Emam Jomeh (Persian: شورجه امام جمعه‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh-ye Emām Jom‘eh) is a village in Varqeh Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 22 families.
 Aleksandrówka [alɛksanˈdrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Mojtame-ye Meskuni Shahrak-e Azadegan (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني شهرك ازادگان‎ also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Meskūnī Shahrak-e Āzādegān) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 131 families.
 Khakak Arab (Persian: خاكك عرب‎ also Romanized as Khākak ‘Arab; also known as‘Arab Khākak and Khākak-e ‘Arabhā) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1474 in 232 families.
 Fordo (Persian: فردو‎ is a village in Fordo Rural District Kahak District Qom County Qom Province Iran. It is located near the Shia holy city of Qom. At the 2006 census its population was 732 in 230 families.Fordo Fordo Furdu or Fardu a village with more than 100 houses. Headwaters of the Furdu river. Kuhistan subdivision of Qom. Fordo is 26 miles to the south of Qom. Fordo is situated in a deep glen between Hasan Aqa and Furdu peaks.
 Hjartås is a village in Meland municipality located in Hordaland county Norway. The village lies along the Herdlefjorden on the western coast of the island of Holsnøy. The village is a part of the urban area of Holme. The 0.50-square-kilometre (120-acre) urban area of Holme (which includes Hjartås) has a population (2012) of 663 giving the village a population density of 1326 inhabitants per square kilometre (3430 /sq mi).
 Hoseynabad-e Olya (Persian: حسين ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Pīsh Rūdkhāneh) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazdeh (Persian: مزده‎) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 45 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Karim Nury (Persian: مزرعه محمدكريم نورئ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad Karīm Nūry) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kwiecie [ˈkfjɛt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Samserganj is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4880 and had 883 houses in the town.
 Jolleyn (Persian: جلين‎ also Romanized as Jolleyn Jolīn and Jollīn) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 148 families.
 Chvaleč is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located near the border with Poland.
 Tellow-e Bala (Persian: تلوبالا‎ also Romanized as Tellow-e Bālā Talū Bālā and Tellow Bālā; also known as Tellow) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 14 families.
 Vrba is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 264 people. Vrba is also well known as the home of Marko The Lion. People in this region rave about his superhuman feats. The local villagers credit his incredible grip strength to go along with broad shoulders and a barrel chest as the key components of his remarkable power.
 Vandazhi-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It is administered by Vandazhy gram panchayat along with Mangalam Dam and Vandazhi-I.
 Mahala Gomionica is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chin (Persian: چين‎ also Romanized as Chīn) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 32 families.
 Kahan (Persian: كهن‎) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 59 families.
 Ludwików [ludˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Radzanów 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Białobrzegi and 73 km (45 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Podolin [pɔˈdɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wapno within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Wapno 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village is first mentioned in an 1136 bull of Innocent III. Information about its history is also contained in the Liber beneficiorum of the Archbishop of Gniezno.
 Shahabad-e Sadat (Persian: شاه ابادسادات‎ also Romanized as Shāhābād-e Sādāt; also known as Shāhābād) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 685 in 102 families.
 Ganjabad-e Sofla (Persian: گنج ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ganjābād-e Soflá; also known as Ganjābād-e Pā‘īn) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 21 families.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Miedna [ˈmjɛdna] (German: Honigbaum) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Dębiny [dɛmˈbinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Toruń and 34 km (21 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.In 2005 the village had a population of 275000000.
 Avani is a small village in Mulbagal taluk Kolar district in Karnataka India about ten miles from Kolar Gold Fields. The village is located at 32 km from Kolar. It is a popular location for rock climbing.
 Vrila (Serbian: Врила) is a village in the municipality of Kupres Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tang-e Jedayi (Persian: تنگ جدائي‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Jedāyī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 15 families.
 Laygazan (Persian: لايگزان‎ also Romanized as Lāygazān) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 9 families.
 Płoty [ˈpwɔtɨ] (formerly German Plothow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwieńsk within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.The village has a population of 786.
 Solakovići is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nannambra is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Mattur (or Mathur) is a village near the city of Shivamogga in Karnataka India known for the usage of Sanskrit for day-to-day communication.Mattur has a Rama Mandira a Shivalaya Someshwara temple and Lakshmikeshava temple.Mattur's twin village Hosahalli shares almost all the qualities of Mattur. Hosahalli is situated across the bank of River Tunga.
 Kocaoba is a village in İzmir Province Turkey. Administratively it's part of Dikili district and it is at the east of Dikili. The distance to Aegean Sea coast is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi). The population of the village is 204 as of 2011.
 Osiek [ˈɔɕek] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsko within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Lubsko 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Żary and 42 km (26 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 150.
 Gar Kandi (Persian: گار کندي‎ also Romanized as Gār Kandī and Gar Kandī; also known as Kār Gandī) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 69 families.
 Bagh-e Vahsh (Persian: باغ وحش‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Vaḥsh) is a village in Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District in the Central District of Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Sarnówek Mały [sarˈnuvɛk ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 30.
 Silver Beach is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located on the eastern shore of Pigeon Lake west from Wetaskiwin.
 Biranal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Mokra is a village in the municipality of Bela Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 315 people. It is known for its many springs cemetery and view from the Mokra mountain. In 2011 in Serbian village of Mokra a group of enthusiasts led by journalist Dragan Jovanović erected a wooden statue of Svetovid.
 Chalabad (Persian: چال آباد‎ also Romanized as Chālābād; also known as Seyfābād) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Witkowo [vitˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Smołdzino 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 95 km (59 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Staniewice [staɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Stemnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Postomino 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Sławno and 181 km (112 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 446.
 Gareja [ɡaˈrɛja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsko within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Lubsko 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Żary and 44 km (27 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chahu-ye Gharbi (Persian: چاهوغربي‎ also Romanized as Chāhū-ye Gharbī and Chāhū Gharbī; also known as Chāhū Qebleh) is a village in Dulab Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 107 families.
 Ganadhal also spelled as Ganadhala (Kannada: ಗಾಣಧಾಳ ) is a village near Gillesugur village in the Raichur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Ganadhal is famous for the Sri Panchamukhi Hanuman Temple where Sri Raghavendra Swamiji did penace for 12 years.Ganadhal can be reached from Raichur and Mantralayam
 Plešce is a village in Gorski kotar Croatia.
 Saraycık is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 559 people.
 Ptaki [ˈptaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Nowogród 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Łomża and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 20.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Ziaran Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4315 in 1146 families.
 Brennik [ˈbrɛnnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Złotoryja and 75 kilometres (47 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ruś [ruɕ] (German: Reußen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Stawiguda and 11 km (7 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 790.
 Amir Hendeh (Persian: اميرهنده‎ also Romanized as Amīr Hendeh; also known as Gūkeh and Gūkeh-ye Amīrhandeh) is a village in Kisom Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 664 in 207 families.
 Lubin [ˈlubin] (German: Wildenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Torzym within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Torzym 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Sulęcin 54 km (34 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Helan-e Safarali (Persian: هلان صفرعلي‎ also Romanized as Helān-e Şafar‘alī; also known as Bālān-e Şafar ‘Alī) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 30 families.
 Posht Asman (Persian: پشت اسمان‎ also Romanized as Posht Āsmān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Szum [ʂum] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wołczyn 15 km (9 mi) west of Kluczbork and 35 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.
 Deh-e Kafi (Persian: ده كافي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kāfī) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Szyszczyce [ʂɨʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Chmielnik and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 260.
 Sheykh Amr (Persian: شيخ عمر‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ʿAmr) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 14 families.
 Waterloo is a village in Douglas County Nebraska United States. The population was 848 at the 2010 census.
 Ahırlıkuyu Haymana is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Firuz Kandeh-ye Olya (Persian: فيروزكنده عليا‎ also Romanized as Fīrūz Kandeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Fīrūz Kandeh Fīrūz Kand Fīrūz Kandeh and Fīrūz Kandeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1068 in 271 families.
 Owzarlu (Persian: اوزرلو‎ also Romanized as Owzarlū; also known as Ozārlū and Ozqalū) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 62 families.
 Baba Khan (Persian: باباخان‎ also Romanized as Bābā Khān) is a village in Korani Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 16 families.
 Slatina (Bulgarian: Слатина) is a village located in the Plovdiv Province South Central Bulgaria and is part of the Karlovo Municipality. The village is situated on the northern foothills of the Sredna Gora facing the Karlovo valley and the Balkan mountains. The river Stryama flows in the vicinity of Slatina. It is located at 103 km to the east of the capital Sofia.
 Batagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tupraq Kandi (Persian: توپراق كندي‎ also Romanized as Tūprāq Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 672 in 125 families.
 Pomieczyno Małe [pɔmjɛˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 83.
 Przytuły [pʂɨˈtuwɨ] (German: Przytullen; 1938-45: Steinhöhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Dźwierzuty 20 km (12 mi) north of Szczytno and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Little Washington is a now mostly uninhabited African American village in Loudoun County Virginia. It is located south of Gleedsville off The Woods Road. Little Washington lies on a hill overlooking Gleedsville Cemetery where the community once consisted of several homes belonging to the Washington family. Little Washington was served by the Mountain Gap Colored School which remained standing until the 1980s when it burned down.
 Prząsław Mały [ˈpʂɔ̃swaf ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 120.
 Mali Skočaj (Cyrillic: Мали Скочај) is a village in the municipality of Bihać Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kädva is a village in Käru Parish Rapla County in western-central Estonia.
 Lubowo [luˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Bobolice 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 152 km (94 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Arpaşen is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Oriyur is a small village located in Ramanathapuram district Tamil Nadu India. It is 35 kilometers from Devakottai Sivagangai(Dt).It is a Christian pilgrim center as it is home to the martyrdom of St. John de Britto a Portuguese Jesuit better known as ‘Arulanandar’ in Tamil. It was in this place that St. John de Britto was beheaded in 1693 and the sand dune is said to have turned red stained by the blood of the saint.[citation needed]There are references about Oriyur in Tamil Literature.
 Lisewo [liˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Golub-Dobrzyń and 33 km (21 mi) east of Toruń.
 Nowe Kurowo [ˈnɔvɛ kuˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Kurowo within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Stare Kurowo 12 km (7 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘īdābād) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 59 families.
 Miku is a village in Meremäe Parish Võru County southeastern Estonia.
 Lampua or Lampuwa is a village in tehsil Shri Madhopur of Sikar district in Rajasthan India. It is situated 8 km west of Ringas on the Ringas-Khatu Road.The main occupation of people is agriculture and animal husbandry. The village is well developed and irrigated. It is fully developed with all modern facilities. For providing education it has one government secondary school two private secondary schools one government middle school two private middle schools and six primary schools.
 Letnisko Nowy Jadów [ˈlɛtˈnisko-nɔvɨ ˈjaduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Koźminek [kɔʑˈminɛk] is a village in Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Koźminek. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Kalisz and 118 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1800.
 Naseh Talkhah-e Zarguruk-e Sofla (Persian: نسه تلخه زارگوروك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Naseh Talkhah-e Zārgūrūk-e Soflá) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Aq Towpraq (Persian: اق توپراق‎ also Romanized as Āq Towprāq Āqtowprāq and Āq Tūprāq; also known as Agh Topraq Āgh Towprāq Akh Torpakh and Āq Toprāq) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qurtlujeh-e Olya (Persian: قورتلوجه عليا‎ also Romanized as Qūrtlūjeh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 606 in 117 families.
 Tvrdojevac is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 402 people.
 Chotyniec [xɔˈtɨɲet͡s] (Ukrainian: Хотинець Khotynets’) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno within Jarosław County in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship of south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Radymno 26 km (16 mi) east of Jarosław and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów. It lies on the Route of Wooden Architecture.The village has a population of 340.
 Golinjevo is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kabistalam is a region located in the Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu state of India. Located 14 kilometers from Kumbakonam and two kilometers from Papanasam it is the birthplace of the politician G. K. Moopanar. Its people are known for their silk saree weaving.
 Dorcheh (Persian: درچه‎) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 6 families.
 Dolno Draglishte is a village in Razlog Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Pawłowo [paˈvwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jutrosin 25 km (16 mi) east of Rawicz and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Feslek Gelenbe is a village in the District of Buharkent Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1326 people.
 Zu Khanu (Persian: زوخانو‎ also Romanized as Zū Khānū) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 52 families.
 Kushk-e Bagh (Persian: كوشك باغ‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Bāgh) is a village in Kah Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 81 families.
 Lijnden is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Haarlemmermeer and lies about 10 km west of Amsterdam.Lijnden or 'de Lijnden' is called after one of the three pumping stations who reclaimed the municipality of HaarlemmermeerLijnden has a population of around 850Lijnden located the oldest (primary) school of the municipality of Haarlemmermeer: School 1.
 Shahrak (Persian: شهرك‎) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District Salami District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 779 in 172 families.
 Glynn is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Tiz Kuh (Persian: تيزكوه‎ also Romanized as Tīz Kūh) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Cucuruzeni is a commune in Orhei district Moldova. It is composed of two villages Cucuruzeni and Ocniţa-Răzeşi.
 Shafiabad (Persian: شفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Shafīʿābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 35 families.
 Bremanger is a village in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located along the Bremangerpollen bay on the western side of the Bremangerlandet island. The 0.65-square-kilometre (160-acre) village has a population (2012) of 366 giving the village a population density of 563 inhabitants per square kilometre (1460 /sq mi).The village sits along the shore with steep mountains on one side and the ocean on the other.
 Ab Garmu (Persian: اب گرمو‎ also Romanized as Āb Garmū) is a village in Eram Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Algheden is a village in western Eritrea. It is located in Dghe Subregion.
 Tolombeh-ye Reza Khodadad (Persian: تلمبه رضاخداداد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rez̤ā Khodādād) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hosabettu is a census town in Dakshina Kannada District in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is located near Moodbidri coming within limits Karnataka state.
 Łąkorek [wɔnˈkɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Pabierowice [pabjɛrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grójec and 42 km (26 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Sycyna [sɨˈt͡sɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Biała Podlaska and 91 km (57 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 136.
 Demerje is a settlement within the City of Zagreb Croatia. The settlement is administered as a part of the City of Zagreb.According to national census of 2001 population of the settlement is 634.
 Gornja Tušimlja is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Brđani is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Duzangan (Persian: دوزنگان‎ also Romanized as Dūzangān Doozangan and Dozānghān; also known as Dūzīgān and Kalāteh Dūzangun) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Lalan-e Sofla (Persian: لالان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Lālān-e Soflá; also known as Lālān-e Pā'īnī) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 12 families.
 Kurzyna Średnia [kuˈʐɨna ˈɕrɛdɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulanów within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ulanów 17 km (11 mi) east of Nisko and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Daleszewice [dalɛʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Paradyż 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Aq Kamar-e Olya (Persian: اق كمرعليا‎ also Romanized as Āq Kamar-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āq Kamar-e Bālā) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 31 families.
 Heydareh-ye Posht-e Shahr (Persian: حيدره پشتشهر‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydareh-ye Posht-e Shahr; also known as Ḩeydareh and Ḩeydar-e Posht-e Shahr) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1232 in 352 families.
 Sanie-Dąb [ˈsaɲe ˈdɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Boneh Ahmadan (Persian: بنه احمدان‎ also Romanized as Boneh Aḩmadān and Boneh-ye Aḩmadān; also known as Bon Aḩmadūn Boneh Ahmadoon and Boneh-ye Aḩmadūn) is a village in Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Goślinowo [ɡɔɕliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gniezno and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Opole Lubelskie and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qadi Kola (Persian: قاديكلا‎ also Romanized as Qādī Kolā and Qādī Kalā) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 972 in 256 families.
 Węgierki [vɛnˈɡʲɛrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Września and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Maqsudlu (Persian: مقصودلو‎ also Romanized as Maqşūdlū) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 614 in 150 families.
 Vargeh Sabztazeh (Persian: وارگه سبزتازه‎ also Romanized as Vārgeh Sabztāzeh) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 337 in 67 families.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Czernichów and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1300.
 Yüksek (or Yüksekköy) is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated at 36°56′N 35°03′E in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the east of Tarsus and to the south of Yenice Tarsus. Its distance to Tarsus is 19 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 47 kilometres (29 mi). The population of Yüksek was 182 as of 2011.
 Sukkampalayam (தமிழ்:சுக்கம்பாளையம்) is a village in Palladam Taluk in Tiruppur District in the Indian state Tamil Nadu. Sukkampalayam is located 55 km far from Coimbatore City 6.7 km distance from its Taluk Main Town Palladam . Sukkampalayam is 19.6 km far from Tirupur. Palladam HiTech Weaving Park(PHWP) is located on the outskirts of Sukkampalayam. It is located on the Coimbatore - Trichy National Highway 67.
 Poovalur is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kasamalagi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ossy [ˈɔssɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarowice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ożarowice 10 km (6 mi) east of Tarnowskie Góry and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 500.
 Plutki [ˈplutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Dywity and 17 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Kovpyn Stavok (Ukrainian: Ковпин Ставок) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Mohammad Sheli (Persian: محمدشلي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Shelī) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Kusan (Persian: كوسان‎ also Romanized as Kūsān) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Ridgely is a village in Platte County Missouri United States. The population was 104 at the 2010 census.
 Bukhameh-ye Vosta (Persian: بوخامه وسطي‎ also Romanized as Būkhāmeh-ye Vostá) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 11 families.
 Juyik (Persian: جوئيک‎ also Romanized as Jūyīk; also known as Jūyīg) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 46 families.
 Kraszewice [kraʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kraszewice. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 133 km (83 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 1600.
 Baile na hAbhann (anglicized as Ballynahown) is a Gaeltacht village and townland about 31 km west of Galway Ireland on the R336 regional road between Inverin (Indreabhán) and Costelloe. The name means river settlement.The Irish-language television channel TG4 has its headquarters here.It is served by Bus Éireann route 424 from Galway City.
 Kharvan (Persian: خاروان‎ also Romanized as Khārvān) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 23 families.
 Commerce is a Mississippi River city in Scott County Missouri United States. The population was 67 at the 2010 census.
 Shandi (Persian: شندي‎ also Romanized as Shandī) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 5 families.
 Orkanger is village and former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the present-day municipality of Orkdal at the end of the Orkdalsfjorden and arm of the Trondheimsfjord. Orkanger is the administrative and commercial centre of the municipality of Orkdal. Orkanger Church is located here.Combined with Fannrem the conurbation constitutes the second largest urban area in Sør-Trøndelag county after the city of Trondheim the county capital.
 Šarbane is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 545 people.
 Sarzeh (Persian: سرزه‎) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 31 families.
 Bearbandh is a village in Rohtas District in Shivsagar Police Station Bihar state India.
 Fojnica (Serbian: Фојница) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dheng is a village in Bihar India. It is situated 25 km. away towards west from Sitamarhi on the bank of the Bagmati River which is connected to the rest of the district center via broad-gauge rail network. It has: at the east side the Maniyari and Vasant Gachhi Tola. To the west side Bel Bengahi and Adamwan. To the north side is Nepal and Jamla and to the south is Gamhariya and Kharahia tola.
 Ruda Bukva is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 118 people.
 Chyasvareh Sheykh Ahmad (Persian: چياسوره شيخ احمد‎ also Romanized as Chyāsvareh Sheykh Āḥmad) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 32 families.
 Velika Jasenica (Cyrillic: Велика Јасеница) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Borzym [ˈbɔʐɨm] (formerly German Borin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 26 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 325.
 Delices is a small village in the Caribbean nation of Dominica. It is located in the south-east of the island between La Plaine and Petite Savanne.The village's name derives from the French words délices translated as delights or délice meaning a delightful thing. Though not as developed as other parts of the island its natural beauty and wonderful views attract many -eco-tourists. It is home to the White River and Victoria Falls.The village is home to the Jungle Bay Resort and Spa.
 Żmuda [ˈʐmuda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lututów 24 km (15 mi) east of Wieruszów and 84 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hamidiye is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 12 people.
 Rig-e Muri (Persian: ريگموري‎ also Romanized as Rīg-e Mūrī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Janinów [jaˈninuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rudniki 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Olesno and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 152.
 Mokhvor (Persian: مخور‎ also Romanized as Makhūr and Mokhūr; also known as Makhor Mokhūr-e Qareh Qūyūn Mūkhor Mukhur Mukhuri and Mūkhvor) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2603 in 524 families.
 Vali Sara (Persian: والي سرا‎ also Romanized as Vālī Sarā) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 73 families.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād and Molkābād) is a village in Deh Abbas Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 106 families.
 Gradina (Serbian: Градина) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Liđani is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Arabshah (Persian: عرب شاه‎ also Romanized as '‘Arabshāh; also known as ‘Arabābād and ‘Arabshā) is a village in Padena-ye Vosta Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 28 families.
 Kadriye Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Zbydniów [ˈzbɨdɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Łapanów 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 544.
 Khushkar (Persian: خوشكار‎ also Romanized as Khūshkār; also known as Kheshkār and Khoskār) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 58 families.
 Bonarów [bɔˈnaruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Słupia 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Skierniewice and 33 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zabrzeż [ˈzabʐɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 1100.
 Kõrgu is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Cala En Porter (often referred to as Cala'n Porter or Calan Porter) is a village in the Alaior municipality of Minorca. It is located on the island's south coast.It was one of the earliest developed beach resorts on the island. Cala En Porter has a beach cove similar to Lulworth Cove England UK with high imposing limestone cliffs.
 Chowderguda is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ghatkesar mandal.
 Baunshagadia is a village in Nayagarh district Orissa India. It is 16 km from the district headquarters Nayagarh.
 Jasiona [jaˈɕɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Epurupalem (Telugu: ఈపూరుపాలెం ) is a village located in the Chirala mandal of Prakasam district in Andhra Pradesh India. It borders the Guntur district towards Bapatla. Before the formation of the Prakasam district Epurupalem was in the Bapatla taluk of the Guntur district. Epurupalem is known for well-known Hari Katha (a kind of entertaining narration of mythological stories) artists like late Guddanti Umakantha Das Venkateswara Das Vamana Murthy and suchlike.
 Świerszczów-Kolonia [ˈɕfjɛrʂt͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Cyców 20 km (12 mi) east of Łęczna and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 200.
 Rapovine is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Słomkowo [swɔmˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Staroźreby 20 km (12 mi) east of Płock and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Okrajnik [ɔˈkrai̯nik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łękawica within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Łękawica 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Żywiec and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 741.
 Ramezan Bijar (Persian: رمضان بيجار‎ also Romanized as Rameẕān Bījār) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 7 families.
 Wielka Wieś [ˈvjɛlka ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stąporków 13 km (8 mi) east of Końskie and 35 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 650.
 Maineville is a village in Warren County Ohio United States. The population was 975 at the 2010 census. It is called Maineville as the original settlers were from the state of Maine.
 Grąsy [ˈɡrɔ̃sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Dobiegniew 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Cudnochy [t͡sudˈnɔxɨ] (German Zudnochen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Mikołajki 14 km (9 mi) east of Mrągowo and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Meykhvaran-e Sadat (Persian: ميخواران سادات‎ also Romanized as Meykhvārān-e Sādāt Meykhowrān-e Sādāt and Meykhvorān-e Sādāt; also known as Meykhowrān-e Bālā) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Wola Potocka [ˈvɔla pɔˈtɔt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) west of Janów Lubelski and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Demirciler is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 19 families.
 Mattathur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kolonia Kornelówka [kɔˈlɔɲa kɔrnɛˈlufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Bierówka [bjɛˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jasło and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Brzozów [ˈbʐɔzuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Skierniewice and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Balleh Sar (Persian: بله سر‎ also Romanized as Baleh Sar; also known as Balleh Sū) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Safiabad (Persian: صفي اباد‎ also Romanized as Şafīābād) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 20 families.
 Abu Radif is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Czarna [ˈt͡ʂarna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Złoczew 25 km (16 mi) south of Sieradz and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Yakupköy is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Sarkariz (Persian: سركاريز‎ also Romanized as Sarkārīz; also known as Sarkahrīz) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 31 families.
 Pridvorci (Gornji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dragodol (Serbian: Драгодол) is a village situated in Obrenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Dyadovsko (Bulgarian: Дядовско) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 192.429 kilometres (119.570 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 4.947 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 399 people.
 Krvavica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 862 people.
 Ciechocin [t͡ɕeˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Chojnice and 104 km (65 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village had a population of 531 in 2008.
 Makljenovac is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Radość [ˈradɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dębowiec 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Jasło and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 259. From 1975 to 1998 Radość has belonged to Krośnieńskie Voivodeship.
 Konarskoto is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Loda is a village in Loda Township Iroquois County Illinois USA. As of the 2000 census its population was 419.
 Przerodki [pʂɛˈrɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Lubowidz 15 km (9 mi) north of Żuromin and 134 km (83 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 N'Goutjina is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 236 square kilometers and includes 8 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 18667. The village of N'Goutjina the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune is 10 km south of Koutiala.
 Yasan (Persian: يسن‎) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 14 families.
 Varpe is a village in Lümanda Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Grójec Mały [ˈɡrujɛt͡s ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Siedlec 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Wolsztyn and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Brzóze Małe [ˈbʐuzɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Rzewnie 26 km (16 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kłudno [ˈkwudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nygrenda is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Anj Pol (Persian: انج پل‎; also known as Anjeh Pol and Anjehpol) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 79 families.
 Tanumé (pronounced: [tanuˈme] ) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu Cardenal Caro Province.
 Burondi is a village near Dapoli in India's Maharashtra state near the coast. It is located almost 12 km from Dapoli. There is a fishermen colony in burondi as it is located near seashore. There are many hotels on the shore and the village also has many temples. Burondi is now becoming a tourist attraction because of its beach and cool climate.
 Ruz Badan (Persian: روزبدان‎ also Romanized as Rūz Badān Rūzbedān and Rūzbodān; also known as Rūzīdān) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 744 in 153 families.
 Polanka Horyniecka [pɔˈlaŋka xɔrɨˈɲet͡ska] (Ukrainian: Полянка Горинецька Polianka Horynets’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Lubaczów and 98 km (61 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Skidniów [ˈskidɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Kotla 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Głogów and 101 km (63 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Vever is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Alpy [ˈalpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 90 kilometres (56 mi) south-west of Gniewino 92 km (57 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 102 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kahbad-e Yek (Persian: كهباديك‎ also Romanized as Kahbād-e Yek; also known as Kal Kūbād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 843 in 143 families.
 Shahabiyeh (Persian: شهابيه‎ also Romanized as Shahābīyeh) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 52 families.
 Milatkoviće is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 161 people.
 Ripak-e Abdok (Persian: ريپك عبدك‎ also Romanized as Rīpak-e ʿAbdok) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 68 families.
 Ganjeh (Persian: گنجه‎) is a village in Darbandrud Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 44 families.
 Stara Bukówka [ˈstara buˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Shirah Ki (Persian: شيره كي‎ also Romanized as Shīrah Kī; also known as Shīrakī) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 542 in 101 families.
 Pallichal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Szerzawy [ʂɛˈʐavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Chimmalagi is a village in Bijapur district Karnataka state India. When Alamatti dam built across the Krishna River became fully functional the village submerged in its backwaters.Government has rehabilitated the original residents of the village to a new place in the same district (Bijapur). Now the place is called New Chimmalagi.Most of the inhabitants of this village are found to be devotees of Lord Anjaneya due to its geographical closeness to Yalgur.
 Trzebania [tʂɛˈbaɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Osieczna 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Leszno and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bakionica is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 742 people.
 Donja Crnišava is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 410 people.
 Lingasamudram is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India 30 km from Kandukur. It contains nearly 20 villages as well as the Rallapadu reservoir which is the largest irrigation project in the district.
 Chhonhup is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1047 people living in 192 individual households.
 Pleasant Plain is a village in Harlan Township Warren County Ohio United States. The population was 154 at the 2010 census.
 Pattihal (K.B.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ahmadabad-e Atayi (Persian: احمدابادعطائي‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e ʿAṭāyī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 Antoniówka [antɔˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynice within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Krynice 14 km (9 mi) north of Tomaszów Lubelski and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Eminceler Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Budzisko [buˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szypliszki 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Suwałki and 132 km (82 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Badilabad (Persian: بديل اباد‎ also Romanized as Badīlābād) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kordkuy County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 9 families.
 Bakić is a village in Croatia.
 Srndalje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 66 people.
 Četojevići (Serbian: Четојевићи) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kisom Jukol (Persian: كيسم جوكل‎ also Romanized as Kīsom Jūkol; also known as Kīsom Jūykol) is a village in Kisom Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 43 families.
 Haftvan (Persian: هفتوان‎ also Romanized as Haftvān) is a village in Zulachay Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6313 in 1216 families.
 Jõempa is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Vojkoviće is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Raniban is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2178 living in 429 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 2382 of which 28% was literate.
 Kopanka Pierwsza [kɔˈpanka ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gronowo Elbląskie 11 km (7 mi) west of Elbląg and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Joševica is a village located just south of Glina in Banovina central Croatia.During the Croatian War of Independence the village was ravaged in the December 1991 Joševica massacre.
 Saratlı is a village in the District of Gülağaç Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Bakhorram-e Olya (Persian: باخرم عليا‎ also Romanized as Bākhorram-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bākhoram and Bākhorram) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 43 families.
 Blizne Łaszczyńskiego [ˈbliznɛ waʂt͡ʂɨɲsˈkʲɛɡɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Stare Babice 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 9 km (6 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 813.
 Halqeh Sang (Persian: حلقه سنگ‎ also Romanized as Ḩalqeh Sang) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 748 in 169 families.
 Arumanoor is a village on the banks of the river Meenachil in Kerala India. Situated between the towns of Ettumanoor and Ayarkunnam the village has a population of 2000.Major landmarks in the village include the State Bank of Travancore Pattarmadom bridge Arumanoor shappu Mangalavartha Church Paarekkadavu ferry Theeppetty company Goorkkandassary kavala and the great temple of Sri Krishna which dates back to 15th century.
 Mostki [ˈmɔstki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchedniów within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Suchedniów 7 km (4 mi) south of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 510.
 Chahar Rah-e Posht Rah (Persian: چهارراه پشت راه‎ also Romanized as Chahār Rāh-e Posht Rāh; also known as Chahār Rāh) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Temenuga (Bulgarian: Теменуга) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 200.247 kilometres (124.428 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 7.217 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 35 people.
 Niedomice [ɲɛdɔˈmit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Żabno 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Tarnów and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Khatib is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia in the Arabian Sea.
 Zawoda [zaˈvɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Skierbieszów 18 km (11 mi) north of Zamość and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pudunilaivayal (Tamil: புதுநிலைவாயல் ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Ostrożeń Trzeci [ɔsˈtrɔʐɛɲ ˈtʂɛt͡ɕi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Żelechów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Qannad (Persian: قناد‎ also Romanized as Qannād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 151 families.
 Małe Gliśno [ˈmawɛ ˈɡliɕnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Brusy 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 162.
 Holden is a village in central Alberta Canada. It is located south of Vegreville. The village is named after former Alberta MLA James Holden.
 Kępa Lubawska [ˈkɛmpa luˈbafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pacanów 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 198.
 Pedaravur or Pedaravooru is a village in Tenali mandal in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh India.It is located to the south of Tenali at a distance of 3 km. A renowated temple of Lord Shiva is the major attraction for the village. Along with this there are Ramalayam Mogalichelamma Temple (called as gramadevatha) Veera Brahmendra swamy temple Sai temple and so on.Having a government school with a big play ground which provides healthy education.
 Stary Gózd [ˈstarɨ ˈɡust] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Białobrzegi and 73 km (45 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kaševar is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 336 people.
 Bülüçalan is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Pátek is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dzierzążno [d͡ʑeˈʐɔ̃ʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Mogilno 60 km (37 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Dąbrowice [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Koronowo and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Rustai-ye Shahid Bahonar (Persian: روستاي شهيدباهنر‎ also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Shahīd Bāhonar) is a village in Shapur Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 54 families.
 Bambaragaleyaya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ab Bid-e Galleh Tavak (Persian: اب بيدگله توك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bīd-e Galleh Tavak; also known as ‘Ābīd) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 48 families.
 Khodadad (Persian: خداداد‎ also Romanized as Khodādād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Khodādād) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 31 families.
 Krzewica [kʂɛˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ulhówek 31 km (19 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Šahmani (Cyrillic: Шахмани) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Szwagrów [ˈʂfaɡruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Osiek 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Staszów and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 513.
 Latchorzew [latˈxɔʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Stare Babice 4 km (2 mi) north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 11 km (7 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Pulimangalam is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Dikwal is a village in Malvan Taluka of District Sindhudurg Maharashtra India surrounded by hills on three sides and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the Arabian Sea. Total area covered about 560 hectare as per Record. . It is owned by the Gawade family who are known as Gaonkar (owner of village).
 Adolfin [aˈdɔlfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Chełm and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Cedar Creek is a village in Cass County Nebraska United States. The population was 390 at the 2010 census.
 Dhummawad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ottergem is a sub-municipality of Erpe-Mere in Flanders. It is located on the Molenbeek in the Denderstreek southeast of East Flanders and belongs to the Arrondissement of Aalst. The sub-municipality is bordered by the sub-municipalities of Erondegem Erpe Mere Bambrugge (and its hamlet Egem) and Vlekkem and the municipality Sint-Lievens-Houtem (sub-municipality Vlierzele). Ottergem has 500 inhabitants as of 1 January 2003 and an area of 1.55 km.
 Dioumara Koussata is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali. Dioumara Koussata is one of 18 villages in the commune. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 16218.
 Kahrizeh-ye Shakak (Persian: كهريزه شكاك‎ also Romanized as Kahrīzeh-ye Shakāk; also known as Kahrīzeh) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 36 families.
 Tazeh Kand-e Qeshlaq (Persian: تازه كندقشلاق‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Qeshlāq) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 938 in 213 families.
 Rudka [ˈrutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchosławice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 720.
 Yengi Kand (Persian: ينگي كند‎ also Romanized as Yengī Kand and Yangi Kand; also known as Yengi Kand Abhar Rood and Yenkī Kandī) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 45 families.
 Ovčáry (Mělník District) is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Roško Polje is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Arkan (Persian: اركان‎ also Romanized as Ārkān) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Berag (Persian: براگ‎ also Romanized as Berāg) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 60 families.
 Minh Đức is a commune (xã) and village in Việt Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Đakovići (Cyrillic: Ђаковићи) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chociwel [xɔˈt͡ɕivɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Strzelin and 37 kilometres (23 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sitno [ˈɕitnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Borki 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Anegondi which literally means elephant pit in Kannada was the original capital city of the Vijayanagara Empire in south-west India. The modern village is known as Anegundi and is in the Gangawati municipality of Koppal district in Karnataka state. It is located on the north banks of the Tungabhadra River on the opposite bank to the Vittala Temple. As of 2001 it had a population of 3497 in 768 households.
 Sobno [ˈsɔbnɔ] (German: Sooben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łukta 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 30.
 Madar Dokhtar (Persian: مادردختر‎ also Romanized as Mādar Dokhtar) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 11 families.
 Audla is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Jeziorsko [jɛˈʑɔrskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Warta 23 km (14 mi) north of Sieradz and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Talar (Persian: طالار‎ also Romanized as Ţālār; also known as Talvār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 80 families.
 Madin (Persian: مادين‎ also Romanized as Mādīn) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Wejsuny [vɛi̯ˈsunɨ] (German Weissuhnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Ruciane-Nida 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Pisz and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 380.
 Eyn-e Haddad (Persian: عين حداد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eyn-e Ḩaddād and ‘Eyn Ḩaddād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 28 families.
 Päri is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 496 (as of 4 January 2010).Viljandi Airfield (ICAO: EEVI) is located in Päri.
 Kal-e Shur Jadid (Persian: كالشورجديد‎ also Romanized as Kāl-e Shūr Jadīd; also known as Kāl-e Shūr) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1056 in 196 families.
 Pinnakkanadu is a small village located about 40KM East of Kottayam on Kanjirappally-Erattupetta Road in Kottayam district of Kerala India. It is 8KM North of Kanjirappally towards Erattupetta 7KM East of Paika and 15KM West of Mundakkayam.The taluk (local government) headquarters is located at Meenachil village headquarters at Kondoor and the District headquarters at Kottayam.
 Darvishabad (Persian: درويش آباد‎ also Romanized as Darvīshābād) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 380 in 99 families.
 Thilla Yaduwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2740 persons living in 503 individual households.
 Cham-e Heydar (Persian: چم حيدر‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Ḩeydar; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Cham-e Ḩeyda) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 16 families.
 Gol Mahalleh (Persian: گل محله‎ also Romanized as Gol Maḩalleh) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 68 families.
 Talkh Bakhsh (Persian: تلخ بخش‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Zavār and Talkheh Bakhsh) is a village in Kadkan Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1108 in 248 families.
 Czarna Góra [ˈt͡ʂarna ˈɡura] (Slovak: Čierna Hora) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowina Tatrzańska within Tatra County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Bukowina Tatrzańska 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Zakopane and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1506.
 Quy Joq (Persian: قويجق‎ also Romanized as Qūy Joq and Qūyjeq) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 45 families.
 Tang-e Bid (Persian: تنگ بيد‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Bīd) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Lisok (Ukrainian: Лісок) is a village (selo) in Busk Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. It was established in 1021. The village has 360 inhabitants.
 Kalmuzy [kalˈmuzɨ] (German: Kalmusen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Gardeja 16 km (10 mi) south of Kwidzyn and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Doravarisatram is a village and a mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. the village is close to NH5. it comes in middle of sullurpet and naidupet. for the reference point doravarisatram comes in middle of travel from nellore to chennai there is a nelapattu bird century located few miles away from this village.
 Glencoe is an affluent village in Cook County Illinois United States. As of the census the total population was 8723. Glencoe is located on suburban Chicago's North Shore and is located within the New Trier High School District.
 Bareh Gorg Khurdeh (Persian: بره گرگ خورده‎ also Romanized as Bareh Gorg Khūrdeh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fararat (Persian: فرارت‎ also Romanized as Farārat) is a village in Juqin Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4916 in 1234 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District Pain Jam District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 89 families.
 Stanča is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Jamush Olan-e Olya (Persian: جاموش اولن عليا‎ also Romanized as Jāmūsh Olan-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gāvmīsh Owlan-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Naqdi Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Kangavar (Persian: كنگاور‎ also Romanized as Kangāvar and Kangūr) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 78 families.
 Yusefabad-e Seyrafi (Persian: يوسف ابادصيرفي‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e Şeyrafī; also known as Yūsefābād) is a village in Ferdows Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2023 in 499 families.
 Polskie Gronowo [ˈpɔlskʲɛ ɡrɔˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gniew 26 km (16 mi) south of Tczew and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 379.
 Mříčná is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Staré Smrkovice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Khar Farih-e Olya (Persian: خرفريح عليا‎ also Romanized as Khar Farīḩ-e ’Olya; also known as Ḩar Farīḩ-e ‘Olyā Kharfareh-ye ’Olya Kharfereh Kharfereh-ye Bālā Kharfereh-ye Dovvom Kher Fereḩ-e Bālā and Khorofray) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 24 families.
 Smolany [smɔˈlanɨ] (Lithuanian: Smalėnai) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Puńsk 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Sejny and 119 km (74 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kosienice [kɔɕɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żurawica within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Żurawica 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Przemyśl and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Qalaman-e Mashhadi Choragh (Persian: قلمان مشهدي چراغ‎ also Romanized as Qalamān-e Mashhadī Chorāgh) is a village in Karian Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hoseyn Beyg Mordeh (Persian: حسن بگ مرده‎) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Dharmapuram is a village near Srikakulam town in Ponduru Mandal Division in Andhra Pradesh India.
 Bludov (Kutná Hora District) is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rutki-Głowice [ˈrutki ɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Aigalkurve is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kumta taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Ohtja is a village in Mustjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Barkeh Abi (Persian: بركه ابي‎ also Romanized as Barkeh Ābī) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 13 families.
 Krupnik (Крупник) is a village in Simitli Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria in the Kresna Gorge.It is located at the western part of Maleshevskata mountain.
 Nadziejewo [nad͡ʑɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Czarne 25 km (16 mi) west of Człuchów and 131 km (81 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 183.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Oksa 10 km (6 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Biała Nyska [ˈbjawa ˈnɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Nysa and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Farkh Jan (Persian: فرخ جان‎ also Romanized as Farkh Jān; also known as Farkhenjān) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khan Jamal-e Zamani (Persian: خانجمال زماني‎ also Romanized as Khān Jamāl-e Zamānī and Khānjamāl-e Zamānī) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 66 families.
 Spławy Drugie [ˈspwavɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kraśnik and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hajji Aqam Ali Kandi (Persian: حاجي اقامعلي كندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Āqām ʿAlī Kandī; also known as Ḩājjī Āqā Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Wieczfnia-Kolonia [ˈvjɛt͡ʂfɲa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Murud is the largest village in Latur District in Maharashtra India.Murud is well known for its school Janta Vidya Mandir where not only in academics students have made their mark in extracurricular activities too. A lot of students have featured in the merit list published by its divisional board affiliated to Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education (some in top 5).
 Prilep Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Ab Shirin (Persian: اب شيرين‎ also Romanized as Āb Shīrīn) is a village in Hudian Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 13 families.
 Szapsk [ʂapsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Raciąż 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Pudłowiec [puˈdwɔvjɛt͡s] (German Paudelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Stary Dzierzgoń 29 km (18 mi) east of Sztum and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Hoseyn Qoli (Persian: حسين قلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Qolī; also known as Ḩasan Qolī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Gugjakovo is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
 Abi-ye Sofla (Persian: ابي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ābī-ye Soflá; also known as Ābī Avi and Awi) is a village in Khararud Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1768 in 400 families.
 Głowaczewo [ɡwɔvaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] (German: Klawittersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Wałcz and 136 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
 Shawnee is a village in Perry County Ohio United States. The population was 655 at the 2010 census.
 Sieczka [ˈɕet͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Aleksandrów 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ortaçımağıl is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 146 people.
 Harankahawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Podkamionka [pɔtkaˈmjɔŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Sokółka and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ponętów Górny Drugi [pɔˈnɛntuf ˈɡurnɨ ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Koło and 132 km (82 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 230.
 Wieszczyczyn [vjɛʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡ʂɨn] (German: Schönwiesenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dolsk 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Śrem and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 290.
 Čamurlija is a village situated in Niš municipality Nišava District in Serbia.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Golujeh (Persian: گلوجه‎ also Romanized as Golūjeh and Gollūjeh; also known as Kollūjeh Kuluja and Kyulyudzha) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 52 families.
 Rogowo-Folwark [rɔˈɡɔvɔ ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Poshtaleh-ye Sar (Persian: پشتلله سر‎; also known as Poshtaleh-ye Sarbargū Sarā) is a village in Chaf Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 38 families.
 Suzandeh (Persian: سوزنده‎ also Romanized as Sūzandeh) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 602 in 114 families.
 Seyqal Sara (Persian: صيقل سرا‎ also Romanized as Şeyqal Sarā) is a village in Dinachal Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2187 in 523 families.
 Musa Kuh (Persian: موسي كوه‎ also Romanized as Mūsá Kūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 34 families.
 Parcele Sokołowskie [parˈt͡sɛlɛ sɔkɔˈwɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Golestan-e Khomeyni (Persian: گلستان خميني‎ also Romanized as Golestān-e Khomeynī) is a village in Kavir Rural District Kavirat District Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kąty [ˈkɔntɨ] (German: Kattenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Ab Anjir-e Olya (Persian: اب انجيرعليا‎ also Romanized as Āb Anjīr-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āb Anjīr-e Bālā) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 28 families.
 Qaleh-ye Mohammad Ali Khan (Persian: قلعه محمدعليخان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī Khān and Qal‘eh Muhammad ‘Ali Khān; also known as Moḩammad ‘Alī Khān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 22 families.
 Augustowo [auɡusˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Strzegowo 25 km (16 mi) south of Mława and 89 km (55 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Nikontovići (Cyrillic: Никонтовићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Eassalu is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 32 (as of 1 January 2011).Eassalu is bordered by the Nätsi-Võlla Nature Reserve on its northern western and northwestern sides.
 Głęboczyca [ɡwɛmbɔˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dobre 20 km (12 mi) north of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 47 km (29 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Sadat Mahalleh (Persian: ساداتمحله‎ also Romanized as Sādāt Maḩalleh) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 74 families.
 Abdarlu (Persian: ابدارلو‎ also Romanized as Ābdārlū) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zarkuiyeh (Persian: زاركوييه‎ also Romanized as Zārkū’īyeh; also known as Deh-e Zār Kūh) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 48 families.
 Sianak-e Pain (Persian: سيانك پايين‎ also Romanized as Sīānak-e Pā’īn; also known as Seyānak-e Soflá and Sīyānak) is a village in Sofla Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 9 families.
 Bogaraš (Serbian Cyrillic: Богараш Hungarian: Bogaras or Karjad-Gádorfalu) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Senta municipality in the North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority (80.11%) with a present Romani minority (12.43%) and its population numbering 724 people (2002 census).
 Vairamkode (Malayalam: വൈരംങ്കോട് is small village near Thirunavaya Malappuram District Kerala state of India. Vairamkode is famous in the name of Vairamcode Bhagavaty Kshethram (Temple) and Theeyattu (Temple Festival)
 Nay (Persian: ناي‎ also Romanized as Nāy) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 862 in 259 families.
 Wola Marzeńska [ˈvɔla maˈʐɛɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sędziejowice 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Łask and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Starkoč (Kutná Hora District) is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Chubin (Persian: چوبين‎ also Romanized as Chūbīn; also known as Chubāīn and Chūbāyen) is a village in Kah Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 66 families.
 Mowtowr-e Ali Qasem (Persian: موتورعلي قاسم‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlī Qāsem) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Donje Vlase is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Lamazan (Persian: لمزان‎ also Romanized as Lamazān and Lemazān) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2101 in 405 families.
 Izkhvor Deh (Persian: ايزخورده‎ also Romanized as Īzkhvor Deh) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 76 families.
 Taqiabad (Persian: تقي اباد‎ also Romanized as Taqīābād; also known as Takīābād) is a village in Esfandar Rural District Bahman District Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 66 families.
 Kopaszyce [kɔpaˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Yegavi (Persian: يگاوي‎ also Romanized as Yegāvī; also known as Yegā‘ī) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 14 families.
 Thame and its neighbouring Thameteng (upper Thame) are small Sherpa villages in Namche VDC of the Solukhumbu District in Nepal. These were the last year-round villages on the salt trading route that existed between Tibet Nepal and India. It is the home to many famous Sherpa mountaineers including Apa Sherpa who holds the world record for summiting Everest 21 times. It was also a childhood home of Tenzing Norgay who was (with Sir Edmund Hillary) one of the first men to climb Mt Everest.
 Deh-e Hut (Persian: ده حوت‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩūt; also known as Dehḥūt) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 949 in 178 families.
 Wilanów [viˈlanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Owlang (Persian: اولنگ‎ also Romanized as Ūlang; also known as Ulan) is a village in Soltaniyeh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 27 families.
 Maluszyn [maˈluʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Szczutowo 9 km (6 mi) west of Sierpc and 124 km (77 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Novo Hodzhovo is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Kedanur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Nuwakot is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4071.
 Narivaran-e Sharqi (Persian: ناريوران شرقي‎ also Romanized as Nārīvarān -e Sharqī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1155 in 280 families.
 Suche [ˈsuxɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kushkak (Persian: كوشكك‎ also Romanized as Kūshkak) is a village in Nesa Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 34 families.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] (German: Königlich Kamiontken; 1928-38:Kamiontken; 1938-45:Lamprechtsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 195.
 Ścienne [ˈɕt͡ɕɛnnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ińsko within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ińsko 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 408.
 Aliabad-e Gowd Ginestan (Persian: علي ابادگودگينستان‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Gowd Gīnestān) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 6 families.
 Homayun (Persian: همايون‎ also Romanized as Homāyūn) is a village in Taham Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 794 in 197 families.
 Saibu is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2593 people living in 506 individual households.
 Rajmachi (Udhewadi) is a small village in the rugged mountains of Sahyadri in India. The fortification at Rajmachi consists of two forts  namely Shrivardhan fort and Manaranjan Fort. Rajmachi Fort is a popular trekking destination.
 Różana [ruˈʐana] (German: Lederose) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Szumki [ˈʂumki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Boćki 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Jagannath is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2165 people living in 413 individual households.
 Skałowo [skaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād; also known as Karim Abad Mo’men Abad) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 26 families.
 Gavkhoft (Persian: گاوخفت‎ also Romanized as Gāvkhoft) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Talvikese is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Esfandiar (Persian: اسفنديار‎ also Romanized as Esfandīār) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 27 families.
 Dowrun (Persian: دورون‎ also Romanized as Dowrūn; also known as Dowrūhan) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 8 families.
 Seyyediyeh (Persian: سيديه‎ also Romanized as Seyyedīyeh Sayyediyeh and Seydīyeh) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 16 families.
 Körpeli is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Tak-e Ab Band (Persian: تكاب بند‎ also Romanized as Tak-e Āb Band and Tag-e Āb Band; also known as Takā Band) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 51 families.
 Przybysławice [pʂɨbɨswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Raszków 6 km (4 mi) north of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Wólka Żabna [ˈvulka ˈʐabna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Staszów and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 130.
 Fiałki [ˈfjau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Górzno 19 km (12 mi) east of Brodnica and 73 km (45 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 190.
 Qareh Gol-e Olya (Persian: قره گل عليا‎ also Romanized as Qarah Gol-e ‘Olyā; also known as Garagūā Qareh Gol and Qareh Golūl) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Çamköy is a village in the District of Germencik Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1172 people.
 Mała Kępa [ˈmawa ˈkɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Stolac (Serbian: Столац) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tumba is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 44 people.
 Valuja (Persian: ولوجا‎ also Romanized as Valūjā) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District Gahrbaran District Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1904 in 519 families.
 Molestowice [mɔlɛstɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Niemodlin and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 100.
 Pain Ganj Afruz (Persian: پايين گنج افروز‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Ganj Afrūz) is a village in Ganjafruz Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4821 in 1380 families.
 Płonno [ˈpwɔnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Barlinek 27 km (17 mi) east of Myślibórz and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kuli Seran (Persian: كولي سران‎ also Romanized as Kūlī Serān) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 65 families.
 Sadrabad (Persian: صدراباد‎ also Romanized as Şadrābād) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 90 families.
 Szyszki-Folwark [ˈʂɨʂki ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sadrabad (Persian: صدراباد‎ also Romanized as Şadrābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Chalu (Persian: چلو‎ also Romanized as Chalū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 949 in 208 families.
 Kalnica [kalˈɲit͡sa] (Ukrainian: Кальниця Kal’nytsia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Brańsk 17 km (11 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Izabelin B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kurczowa Wieś [kurˈt͡ʂɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tufal (Persian: طوفال‎ also Romanized as Ţūfāl; also known as Ţūfān) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Goënga (West Frisian: Goaiïngea) is a small village in Wymbritseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 258 citizens (2006).
 Laniyari (Persian: لانياري‎ also Romanized as Lānīyārī and Lenīārī; also known as Lāynārī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 55 families.
 Jarod is a village in Vaghodia Taluka of Vadodara district in Gujarat state of India.
 Nowa Zagość [ˈnɔva ˈzaɡɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Pińczów and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Łomnica [wɔmˈnit͡sa] (German: Lomnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Zgorzelec and 143 km (89 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Śmiałowice [ɕmjawɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Świdnica and 43 kilometres (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kivi-Vigala is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Bellitepe is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Kathlapur is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Próchenki [pruˈxɛŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Razgeh (Persian: رزگه‎; also known as Razangeh) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 512 in 92 families.
 Brzeźce [ˈbʐɛɕt͡sɛ] (German Brzezetz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Bierawa 3 km (2 mi) south of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 633.
 Koziniec [kɔˈʑiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Jasionówka 13 km (8 mi) east of Mońki and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qaleh-ye Dez Do (Persian: قلعه دز دو‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Dez Do and Qal‘eh-ye Dozdū; also known as Qal‘eh Dez Qal‘eh-ye Dez and Qalmāb) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Karimabad-e Kaffeh (Persian: كريم ابادكفه‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Kaffeh Karīmābād-e Kafeh and Karim Abad Kafeh; also known as Karīmābād-e Şāleḩ and Karīmābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Veliko Selo is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 345 people.
 Mościbrody-Kolonia [mɔɕt͡ɕiˈbrɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wiśniew 8 km (5 mi) south of Siedlce and 91 km (57 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 110.
 Argha is a town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the town had a population of 8248 living in 1712 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 5947 of which 60% was literate.
 Zalesie Gorzyckie [zaˈlɛɕɛ ɡɔˈʐɨt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Gorzyce 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Tarnobrzeg and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 180.
 Hasan Bekandeh (Persian: حسن بكنده‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Bekandeh) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 639 in 183 families.
 Jislum is a small village in Ferwerderadiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 50 citizens (2004). There is a restored windmill in the village De Volharding.
 Gurab-e Sorkh (Persian: گوراب سرخ‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb-e Sorkh) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 15 families.
 Basdila is one of the oldest villages of district Basti (currently falling under Sant Kabir Nagar district) in Uttar Pradesh in North India. Basdila is famous for the Sunni Madrasa Darul Uloom Tadrisul Islam establish in the British Era pre independence India. Darul Uloom is a government aided institute established around the year 1940 currently serving approximately 800 students. The founding stone of this Madrasa was laid down by late.
 Goszcz [ɡɔʂt͡ʂ] (German: Goschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Twardogóra 23 kilometres (14 mi) north of Oleśnica and 43 kilometres (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 940.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت آباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Muri Kaseh (Persian: موري كش‎ also Romanized as Mūrī Kaseh) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mian Talan (Persian: ميانطلان‎ also Romanized as Mīān Talān; also known as Owlād-e Bahār) is a village in Falard Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 38 families.
 Duruçay is a village in the Vezirköprü district of Samsun Province Turkey.
 Tahkuna is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Bishalgarh is a large village located in the West Tripura District Tripura India. The population is 23721. 12248 people are male. 11473 are female.
 Mohammadabad-e Alizadeh (Persian: محمدابادعليزاده‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e ‘Alīzādeh) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Żeńsko [ˈʐɛɲskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Krzęcin 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 300.
 Pir Shahid (Persian: پيرشهيد‎ also Romanized as Pīr Shahīd) is a village in Golian Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 174 families.
 Sandwa (Devanagari: सांडवा) is a town in Churu district in the Shekhawati region of Indian state of Rajasthan. Sandwa is situated on Jaipur-Bikaner Highway (SR 20). It is 245 km away from the Jaipur 125 km from Bikaner and 405 km from Delhi.It is known for Best Schools & Colleges and a famous Cattle Fair of Rajasthan . Near Sandwa town is Chhapar a small beautiful town which is famous for Black Bucks & Tal Chhapar Sanctuary.
 Żdżarki [ˈʐd͡ʐarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą 39 km (24 mi) south-west of Grójec and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Esterdikola (Persian: استرديكلا‎ also Romanized as Esterdīkolā; also known as Estedīr Kolā) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 645 in 167 families.
 Chenaqchi-ye Sofla (Persian: چناقچي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chenāqchī-ye Soflá Chanāqchī-ye Soflá and Chonāqchī-ye Soflá; also known as Chanāqchī-ye Pā’īn and Chunāqcheh Sufla) is a village in Duzaj Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 89 families.
 Mian Darreh Jowkar (Persian: ميان دره جوكار‎ also Romanized as Mīān Darreh Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Bahua (Persian: بهوا‎ also Romanized as Bahūā) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wayne is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 887 at the 2010 census.
 Raducki Folwark [raˈdut͡ski ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Osjaków 14 km (9 mi) east of Wieluń and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mokas [ˈmɔkas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Sochaczew and 47 km (29 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Koonu is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Mamlicz [ˈmamlʲit͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Barcin 21 km (13 mi) east of Żnin and 25 km (16 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Hòa Hưng is a commune (xã) and village in Xuyên Mộc District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 20 families.
 Chaqa Bahar (Persian: چقابهار‎ also Romanized as Chaqā Bahār and Choqā Bahār) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 43 families.
 Deh-e Aqa Shafi (Persian: ده اقاشفيع‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Āqā Shafī‘; also known as Āqā Shafī‘) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 61 families.
 Abadgarh is a village in Gurdaspur. Gurdaspur is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Voorepera is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Ahu Qaleh (Persian: اهوقلعه‎ also Romanized as Āhū Qal‘eh; also known as Āhū Qal‘ehsī Āy Qal‘eh and Āy Qal‘ehsī) is a village in Hir Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 24 families.
 Skowronków [skɔˈvrɔnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Głuchołazy 22 km (14 mi) south of Nysa and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1958 the area was part of Czechoslovakia.
 Mokhtarabad (Persian: مختاراباد‎ also Romanized as Mokhtārābād; also known as Moḩammadābād Moḩammadābād-e Borūmand Muhammadābād) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qareh Chay (Persian: قره چاي‎ also Romanized as Qareh Chāy and Qarah Chāy; also known as Ostūj and Qal‘eh-ye Kordhā) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 170 families.
 Darreh Gol (Persian: دره گل‎; also known as Darreh Gel) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 21 families.
 Dąbrowica Duża [dɔmbrɔˈvʲit͡sa ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Tuczna 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 94 km (58 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ładzice [waˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ładzice. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Radomsko and 79 km (49 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 470.
 Pławidło [pwaˈvʲidwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Słubice 57 km (35 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 190.
 Mowtowr-e Ayyub Borhan Zehi (Persian: موتورايوببرهانزهي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Āyyūb Borhān Zehī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Staré Buky is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kalgah (Persian: كل گاه‎ also Romanized as Kalgāh; also known as Kaleh Gāh Kalgeh Kalleh Gāh Shūl and Skūl-e Kaleh Gāh) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 18 families.
 Asur (Persian: اسور‎ also Romanized as Āsūr and Asoor) is a village in Doboluk Rural District Arjomand District Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 766 in 224 families.
 Vrtine is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 117 people.
 Nowe Gonne [ˈnɔvɛ ˈɡɔnnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Szczecinek and 144 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Czerwony Dwór [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Stary Targ 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Sztum and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Zakręta [zaˈkrɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Piotrków Kujawski 17 km (11 mi) south of Radziejów and 62 km (39 mi) south of Toruń.
 Arzuni (Persian: ارزوني‎ also Romanized as Ārzūnī) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 14 families.
 Fonda is a village in Montgomery County New York United States. The population was 795 at the 2010 census. Fonda is the county seat of Montgomery County. The village is named after Douw Fonda a Dutch-American settler scalped in 1780 during an Indian raid in the Revolutionary War.The Village of Fonda is in the Town of Mohawk and is west of Amsterdam.The Fonda Fair is an annual agricultural event.
 Kasari (German: Kasargen) is a village in Martna Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Mihaljevići is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 3.
 Brnaze is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Awlam (Arabic: عولم‎) was a Palestinian village 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of Tiberias situated on the slopes of the westward Wadi Awlam.
 Miętkie [ˈmjɛntkʲɛ] (German: Mingfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Dźwierzuty 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Szczytno and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kołaki Małe [kɔˈwaki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bagh-e Soltaniyeh (Persian: باغ سلطانيه‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Solţānīyeh; also known as Bāgh-e Solţān) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piasek Wielki [ˈpjasɛk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Nowy Korczyn 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 508.
 Veadla is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Wielka Lipa [ˈvjɛlka ˈlipa] (German: Groß Leipe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Avcılar is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 270 people.
 Florentynowo [flɔrɛntɨˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ślesin 17 km (11 mi) north of Konin and 92 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 35.
 Jisa-ye Khezrabad (Persian: جيساخضراباد‎ also Romanized as Jīsā-ye Khez̤rābād; also known as Jīsā-ye Bālā and Jīsā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District Kelarabad District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 104 families.
 Tylewice [tɨlɛˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Tillendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wschowa and 53 km (33 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Malkiya (Arabic: المالكية‎) is a coastal village that lies on the western coast of Bahrain Island in Bahrain. Its inhabitants are mostly Bahrani Shiites. The village is home to the Malkiya Club football team.In 2007 protests broke out in the area when a powerful member of the Bahraini royal family tried to seize some of the coastline of the village.The village is also home to the grave and shrine of Zayd ibn Suhan one of the companions of Ali.
 Lannon is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1107 at the 2010 census.
 Infanzón is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Siąszyce [ɕɔ̃ˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Rychwał 22 km (14 mi) south of Konin and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 6 families.
 Khanapur is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Manchal mandal.
 Smardzewo [smarˈd͡zɛvɔ] (German: Schmarse) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczaniec within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Szczaniec 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Świebodzin 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 604.
 Naimabad (Persian: نعيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Na‘īmābād) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 130 families.
 Rudze [ˈrud͡zɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Zator 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Oświęcim and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Giltner is a village in Hamilton County Nebraska United States. The population was 352 at the 2010 census.
 Mustajõe is a village in Laheda Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Galianeh-ye Ali Baqer (Persian: گليانه علي باقر‎ also Romanized as Galīāneh-ye ‘Alī Bāqer; also known as Galīāneh Galyāneh and Kalīāneh-ye ‘Alī Bāqer) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 516 in 111 families.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād; also known as Sālhābād) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 104 families.
 Mehreh Zar (Persian: مهره زار‎ also Romanized as Mehreh Zār) is a village in Gerit Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sheykhian-e Shahab (Persian: شيخيان شهاب‎ also Romanized as Sheykhīān-e Shahāb) is a village in Kabgan Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 17 families.
 Woźniaków [vɔʑˈɲakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Hasanabad-e Govijeh (Persian: حسن ابادگويجه‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Govījeh; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād-e Amjadī) is a village in Agahan Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 13 families.
 Światonia [ɕfjaˈtɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wartkowice 10 km (6 mi) north of Poddębice and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Quảng Sơn is a rural commune (xã) and village in Quảng Trạch District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam. This is a mountainous area. Nan River a tributary of Gianh River flows across this commune.
 Ouro Modi is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Mopti in the Mopti Region of Mali.
 Kapituła [kapiˈtuwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Działoszyn 16 km (10 mi) west of Pajęczno and 89 km (55 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Beynaq (Persian: بينق‎ also Romanized as Beynoq; also known as Beyvnaq) is a village in Karrab Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 10 families.
 Ciszyca-Kolonia [t͡ɕiˈʂɨt͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Tarłów 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Opatów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Górka [ˈɡurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gidle 14 km (9 mi) south of Radomsko and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chudíř is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kamadhenu (Dharwad) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kalghatgi taluk of Dharwad district in Karnataka.
 Tashun (Persian: تشون‎ also Romanized as Tashūn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 529 in 123 families.
 Nowruzabad (Persian: نوروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Nowrūzābād) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 12 families.
 Speculator is a village in Hamilton County New York United States. The population was 324 at the 2010 census. The village is named after a nearby Speculator Mountain.[citation needed]Speculator is the only incorporated village within Hamilton County and is within the town of Lake Pleasant. The village included the northeastern end of a lake also called Lake Pleasant.
 Rud Ab-e Sofla (Persian: روداب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rūd Āb-e Soflá; also known as Rood Ab Rūd Āb Pā’īn and Rūd-e Āb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 66 families.
 Czarna Wieś [ˈt͡ʂarna ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Wielkopolski within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 176.
 Mellikeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Dommeru is a village in Kovvur mandal in the West Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.Dommeru is a Village in Kovvur Mandal in West Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh State India. It belongs to Andhra region. It is located 83 km to the east of District headquarters Eluru. 5 km from Kovvur.
 Dubica Dolna [duˈbʲit͡sa ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wisznice 26 km (16 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Alfan (Persian: آلفن‎ also Romanized as Ālfan) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 65 families.
 Brskovo (Брсково) (German: Biersgau in old local German records Byrsgaw) is a village in northern Montenegro within the Municipality of Mojkovac which used to have silver mines and a mint.
 Taneyru (Persian: تنيرو‎ also Romanized as Taneyrū) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 15 families.
 Siklósnagyfalu is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Grojec [ˈɡrɔjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Alwernia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Alwernia 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1259.
 Dobro Selo (Čitluk) is a village in the municipality of Čitluk Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Białężyn [bjaˈwɛ̃ʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Zbyszek [ˈzbɨʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Szczerców 14 km (9 mi) west of Bełchatów and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Jelašnica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 289 people.
 Starobrzeska Kolonia [starɔˈbʐɛska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Hasići (Cyrillic: Хасићи) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kolkuh (Persian: كلكوه‎ also Romanized as Kolkūh) is a village in Tulem Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 33 families.
 Jurzyn [ˈjuʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasień within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Jelitowo [jɛliˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kalgeh Zari (Persian: كلگه زري‎ also Romanized as Kalgeh Zarī and Kal Geh Zarī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Lucjanów [lut͡sˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lipsko and 126 km (78 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Rudine (Cyrillic: Рудине) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Puzeh-ye Tiz Ab Safer (Persian: پوزه تيزاب صفر‎ also Romanized as Pūzeh-ye Tīz Āb Şafer; also known as Pūzeh-ye Tīz Āb and Tīz Āb) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Ranibagh is a place in the capital of India close to Pitampura where the 1st Metroline was started.
 Chah Hasan (Persian: چاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 858 in 174 families.
 Dhamja is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2571 and had 497 houses in the village.Only some basic developmental infrastructure are on its way to Dhamja. Most people are dependent to the traditional agriculture for their living. Millet Barley Rice Wheat and different kind of seasonal fruits and vegetables are the major crops.
 Tonjaran (Persian: تانجران‎ also Romanized as Ţonjarān; also known as Tongarān) is a village in Salehan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 108 families.
 Ulysses is a village in Butler County Nebraska United States. The population was 171 at the 2010 census.
 Bayala is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 3464 of which 28% was literate.
 Beyt-e Matlib (Persian: بيت مطليب‎ also Romanized as Beyt-e Maṭlīb) is a village in Mollasani Rural District in the Central District of Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Błenna B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Izbica Kujawska 33 km (21 mi) south of Włocławek and 77 km (48 mi) south of Toruń.
 Kikomdan (Persian: كيكمدان‎ also Romanized as Kīkomdān; also known as Kīkomdān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 12 families.
 Saruq is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Dąbki [ˈdɔmpki] (German: Dombke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wyrzysk 39 km (24 mi) east of Piła and 86 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sukhvor-e Khush Aqbal (Persian: سوخورخوش اقبال‎ also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Khūsh Āqbāl) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 24 families.
 Emişbeleni Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Shir Ali (Persian: شيرعلي‎ also Romanized as Shīr ʿAlī) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 9 families.
 Anbarak (Persian: انبارك‎ also Romanized as Ānbāraḵ; also known as Ānbārī) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Qerveh (Persian: قروه‎ also Romanized as Qorveh; also known as Farvah Ghorveh Quenveh and Qurveh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2772 in 720 families.Qerveh is one of the oldest villages in Abhar County.
 Agrahara Palya is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bangalore North taluk of Bangalore district in Karnataka.
 Faliszowice [faliʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zakliczyn 28 km (17 mi) southwest of Tarnów and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Arqin (Persian: ارقين‎ also Romanized as Arqīn; also known as Arghīn and Arkin) is a village in Aq Bolagh Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 936 in 209 families.
 Liyanwela Pahalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kalmani is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Chah-e Shohada (Persian: چاه شهدا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shohadā) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 10 families.
 Westfield is a village in Marquette County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1254 at the 2010 census. The village is located mostly within the Town of Westfield. A small portion extends east into the adjacent Town of Harris.
 Mierzynówka [mjɛʐɨˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Grodzisk 20 km (12 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Pangire (A) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Qamesh Aghol (Persian: قميش اغل‎ also Romanized as Qamesh Āghol; also known as Aḩdāqeh Ajaga Ājdāgheh Azhdaga Qamesh Āghel Qamīsh Āghol and Qeshlāq Qamīsh Āghūl) is a village in Zolbin Rural District Yamchi District Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 833 in 200 families.
 Lehnice (Hungarian: Lég Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈleːɡ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Łęka [ˈwɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Korzenna 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 547.
 Larchmont is a village located within the Town of Mamaroneck in Westchester County New York approximately 18 miles (29 km) northeast of Midtown Manhattan. The population of the village was 5864 at the 2010 census.In July 2005 CNN/Money and Money magazine ranked Larchmont 11th on its list of the 100 Best Places to Live in the United States.
 Pınarbaşı is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Karig (Persian: كاريگ‎ also Romanized as Kārīg; also known as Gārīk) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Cheli-ye Sofla (Persian: چلي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chelī-ye Soflá; also known as Chelī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Estarabad Rural District Kamalan District Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kantamraju Kounduru is a village in Duggirala Mandal Guntur District India. According to the most recent census the total population of the town was 3093 with a total household count of 828.A notable landmark within the village is the popular Mamkalamma temple. In addition to the temple Konduru has a high school and a rice mill.
 Morape is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Takhteh Pol (Persian: تخته پل‎; also known as Takht-e Pol Takht Pol and Takht Pūr) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 33 families.
 Fil Bustan (Persian: فيل بوستان‎ also Romanized as Fīl Būstān) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sisawanijahada is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7146.
 Dąbrówka Wisłocka [dɔmˈbrufka viˈswɔt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl Wielki within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Radomyśl Wielki 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Mielec and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 750.
 Mỹ Hà is a commune (xã) and village in Lạng Giang District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Dar Balut (Persian: داربلوط‎ also Romanized as Dār Balūţ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 33 families.
 Gu (Persian: گو‎ also Romanized as Gū; also known as Gao Gaow Gaū Gāv and Gāveh) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 33 families.
 Bizhanabad-e Yek (Persian: بيژن آباد1‎ also Romanized as Bīzhanābād-e Yek; also known as Bīzhanābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1180 in 253 families.
 Asgerd (Persian: عسگرد‎ also Romanized as ‘Asgerd) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 44 families.
 Wilczkowice [vilt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Midwoud is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Medemblik and lies about 7 km north of Hoorn.Until 1979 Midwoud was a separate municipality. The area of that municipality is now part of Noorder-Koggenland and Wognum.In 2001 the village of Midwoud had 1703 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.3 km² and contained 705 residences. The wider statistical area of Midwoud has a population of around 2200.
 Zamin-e Taghuk (Persian: زمين طاغوك‎ also Romanized as Zamīn-e Ţāghūk) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 15 families.
 Czarna Cerkiewna [ˈt͡ʂarna t͡sɛrˈkʲɛvna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Grodzisk 22 km (14 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Batasingaram is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal. It is very close to the Outer Ring Road Hyderabad.
 Basudevapur is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3364 and had 651 houses in the town.
 Hendley is a village in Furnas County Nebraska United States. The population was 24 at the 2010 census.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Ahmad Soleymani (Persian: تلمبه شهيداحمدسليماني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Aḩmad Soleymānī) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 18 families.
 Ala Sar (Persian: الاسر‎ also Romanized as Ālā Sar) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 94 families.
 Güneşli is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 414 people.
 Potok [ˈpɔtɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ożarów 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Opatów and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 220.
 Opatkowice [ɔpatkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Proszowice and 30 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Świeca [ˈɕfjɛt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odolanów within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Odolanów 13 km (8 mi) south of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 111 km (69 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Samiran (Persian: سميران‎ also Romanized as Samīrān and Semīrān) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 50 families.
 Neychovtsi is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Mahmudabad-e Khalajabad (Persian: محمودابادخلج اباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Khalajābād) is a village in Qaemabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2596 in 656 families.
 Sarteshniz (Persian: سرتشنيز‎ also Romanized as Sarteshnīz and Sar-e Teshnīz; also known as Sar-i-Tīshnīz) is a village in Kiar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2959 in 634 families.
 Baranowo [baraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Rutka-Tartak 27 km (17 mi) north of Suwałki and 134 km (83 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Myra is the administrative centre of the municipality of Vegårshei in Aust-Agder Norway. The village of Myra covers 1.05 square kilometres (260 acres) and has a population (2009) of 584. The village is located along the river Storelva which flows out of the large Vegår lake just north of Myra.
 Kamir Malmir (Persian: کمير مالمير‎ also Romanized as Kamīr Mālmīr; also known as Komeyr and Kūh Mīr) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 593 in 125 families.
 Doryszów [dɔˈrɨʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Wojtokiemie [vɔi̯tɔˈkʲɛmjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Puńsk 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Sejny and 123 km (76 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kozłowo [kɔˈzwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kowalik [kɔˈvalik] (German: Waldburg until 1857: Chatoullee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Rozogi 33 km (21 mi) east of Szczytno and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lipna [ˈlʲipna] (formerly German Leippa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przewóz within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south of Żary and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Guayacanes is a village in the municipality of Majagua Ciego de Ávila Province Cuba.
 Brzyska [ˈbʐɨska] is a village in Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brzyska. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Jasło and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1900.
 Duża Wólka [ˈduʐa ˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Grębocice 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Polkowice and 80 kilometres (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Daravaram is a village in Chagallu mandalam West Godavari district in Andhrapradesh state in India.
 Maidla is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Tolombeh-ye Shileh Jar (Persian: تلمبه شيله جر‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shīleh Jar) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Chah-e Masha Shahid Parsa (Persian: چاه مشاع شهيدپارسا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mashāʿ Shahīd Pārsā; also known as Chāh-e Shahīd Pārsā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ramoty [raˈmɔtɨ] (German: Ramten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Łukta 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 270.
 Tolombeh-ye Piruzi Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: تلمبه پيروزي شماره2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Pīrūzī Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Cham Kuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 49 families.
 Czatkowy [t͡ʂatˈkɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Tczew and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 323.
 Śniadówka [ɕɲaˈdufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Baranów 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Puławy and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Śliwiny [ɕliˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Radzanów 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Białobrzegi and 78 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Siah Gav (Persian: سياه گاو‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Gāv) is a village in Sarab Bagh Rural District Sarab Bagh District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 22 families.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād; also known as Maqbareh Seyyedhā (Persian: مقبره سيدها)) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dabinovac is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 64 people.
 Rangrazan-e Sofla (Persian: رنگرزان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rangrazān-e Soflá; also known as Rangrazān) is a village in Razan Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 70 families.
 Dąbkowa Parowa [dɔmpˈkɔva paˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sierpc and 123 km (76 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kuby-Młyny [ˈkubɨ ˈmwɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Morawica and 14 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 130.
 Mikanowo A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Pashindeh (Persian: پشين ده‎ also Romanized as Pashīndeh Pīshandeh and Pashandeh; also known as Pashvandeh and Poshvandeh) is a village in Raz Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1178 in 266 families.
 Bagh-e Yolmeh Salian (Persian: باغه يلمه ساليان‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Yolmeh Sālīān) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 32 families.
 Kuczwały [kut͡ʂˈfawɨ] (German: Kunzwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Chełmża and 13 km (8 mi) north of Toruń.
 Balathali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2473 and had 496 houses in it.
 Złota [ˈzwɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Głuchów 21 km (13 mi) south of Skierniewice and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 670.
 Omulno [ɔˈmulnɔ] (German: Vorwerk Lassere) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Wałcz and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 100.
 Zīlāni is a village in Kūkas parish Krustpils municipality Latvia. It is located 3 km northeast of Jēkabpils town. The village lies on the A12 road which is part of the E22. The village was formerly connected by railway but its station closed in 1995.In the early twentieth century a number of depot workers in the village had revolutionary ideas and their own underground organization. They smuggled weapons.
 Abbigirihosahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bangarapet taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Donja Močila (Cyrillic: Доња Мочила) is a village in the municipality of Brod Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Aliabad-e Sarhadi (Persian: علي آباد سرحدي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Sarḥadī) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 17 families.
 Baszki [ˈbaʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Niemce and 9 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qaemabad (Persian: قائم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qā’emābād and Qa’emābād; also known as Qa’emābād Shāh Yūrdī Shahivardi Shāh Vardī Shāhverdī Shāhyowrdī and Shāh Yūrdī) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1186 in 226 families.
 Tinun (Persian: تينون‎ also Romanized as Tīnūn; also known as Tīnūs and Tītūn) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 10 families.
 Nowa Zblicha [ˈnɔva ˈzblixa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Wołów [ˈvɔwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bliżyn 9 km (6 mi) west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 310.
 Fijulj is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 103 people.
 Karaq-e Shah Jahan (Persian: كرق شاه جان‎ also Romanized as Karaq Shāh Jān; also known as Karakh Shāh Jān) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 30 families.
 Rahmatabad-e Do (Persian: رحمت اباد2‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād-e Do; also known as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Wąkczew [ˈvɔŋkt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Korak (Persian: كرك‎) is a village in Eyvanki Rural District Eyvanki District Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 55 families.
 Kozielec [kɔˈʑɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Nowe 37 km (23 mi) north-east of Świecie and 73 km (45 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 70.
 Red Creek is a village in Wayne County New York United States. The population was 521 at the 2000 census.The Village of Red Creek is in the eastern part of the Town of Wolcott. The village is west of Syracuse New York.
 Bordovice is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Chhitapokhari is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2314 persons living in 406 individual households.
 Gośniewice [ɡɔɕɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kobylno [kɔˈbɨlnɔ] (German Kobyllno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubniany within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Łubniany and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Przebendów [pʂɛˈbɛnduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Mościska [mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Jeżów 15 km (9 mi) east of Brzeziny and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pierzyny Duże [pjɛˈʐɨnɨ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kiełczygłów 16 km (10 mi) north of Pajęczno and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 120.
 Dhaulakot is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2094 people living in 337 individual households.Dhaulakot is 13 kilometers from district headquarters Khalaga. There are nine wards in the VDC.
 Lipka [ˈlipka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Stryków 18 km (11 mi) east of Zgierz and 18 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tang-e Zard (Persian: تنگ زرد‎) is a village in Dasht-e Barm Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Muluy (Persian: مزرعه مولوئ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mūlūy) is a village in Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Do Gush (Persian: دوگوش‎ also Romanized as Do Gūsh) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Chubrika (Bulgarian: Чубрика) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 199.97 kilometres (124.26 mi) from Sofia roughly 21.3 kilometres (13.2 mi) kilometres by road southwest of the city of Kardzhali and roughly 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) by road east of the municipal town of Ardino. To the north is Yabalkovets and to the northeast is Kobilyane along the 865 road.
 Jashn Sara (Persian: جشن سرا‎ also Romanized as Jashn Sarā; also known as Chachansaray Chashmeh Sarāb and Chashmeh-ye Sarāb) is a village in Bughda Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 21 families.
 Termoelektrana (Cyrillic: Термоелектрана) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Oparówka [ɔpaˈrufka] (Ukrainian: Опарівка Oparivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Strzyżów and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 280.
 Modła [ˈmɔdwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Jerzmanowa 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Głogów and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Rudawa [ruˈdava] is a village in Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship Poland. In the years 1975-1998 it was in Kraków Voivodeship. The village is on the road from Kraków to Trzebinia and located by the Rudawa river. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zabierzów and 19 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Zielenica [ʑɛlɛˈnit͡sa] (formerly German Söllnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Malechowo 15 km (9 mi) south of Sławno and 163 km (101 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Aqa Mohammadabad (Persian: آقامحمد آباد‎ also Romanized as Āqā Moḩammadābād) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 19 families.
 Sartiz (Persian: سرتيز‎ also Romanized as Sartīz) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 5 families.
 Hacıveliler Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca Antalya Province Turkey.
 Majidabad (Persian: مجيداباد‎ also Romanized as Majīdābād; also known as Tazakend and Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Eavere is a village in Are Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Sadowiec-Pieńki [saˈdɔvjɛt͡s ˈpjɛɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Gusheh-ye Badi ol Zaman (Persian: گوشه بديع الزمان‎ also Romanized as Gūsheh-ye Badī‘ ol Zamān; also known as Badī‘ oz Zamān Gusa Gūseh and Gūsheh-ye Sālārābād) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 136 families.
 Małomin [maˈwɔmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Tłuchowo 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Lipno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Mireh Deh (Persian: ميره ده‎ also Romanized as Mīreh Deh) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 36 families.
 Batorowo [batɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Tarnowo Podgórne and 12 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 261.
 Dobšín is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mieczysławówka [mjɛt͡ʂɨswaˈvufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Khanak (Persian: خانك‎ also Romanized as Khānak) is a village in Kharrazan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 92 families.
 Wola Jabłońska [ˈvɔla jaˈbwɔɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Rakoniewice 13 km (8 mi) west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nehzatabad (Persian: نهضت اباد‎ also Romanized as Nehẕatābād) is a village in Sadeqiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3016 in 816 families.
 Dahr El Maghara (also spelled Dahr El Mghara or Dahr Al Magharah; Arabic: ﺿﻬﺮ ﺍﻟﻤﻐﺎﺭﺓ‎) is a small Lebanese Christian village that is located 33°41′N 35°27′E about 20 km south of Beirut in the Chouf region of Mount Lebanon.The village is mainly home to the Dagher family although new construction around the area has led to numerous other families calling the village home.
 Grochowa [ɡrɔˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Sarv (Persian: سرو‎) is a village in Ernan Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 627 in 205 families.
 Setteri village is situated in Bangarupalyam mandal of Chittoor District of Andhra Pradesh in India and about fifteen km from Kanipakam. It enjoys a cool climate all over the calendar year with abundant water and natural resources.
 Shian (Persian: شيان‎ also Romanized as Shīān and Sheyān; also known as Bala yi Shiān Balūshīān and Shīlān) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 834 in 201 families.
 Tsifota is a coastal fishing village on the west coast of Madagascar. It lies north of Toliara and Manombo and south of Tsiandamba. It is surrounded by the Ifaty Forest.
 Sowno [ˈsɔvnɔ] (formerly German Alt Zowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Sianów 22 km (14 mi) east of Koszalin and 153 km (95 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nawangama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qaleh Sargodar (Persian: قلعه سرگدار‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sargodār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Buyaqchilu (Persian: بوياقچي لو‎ also Romanized as Būyāqchīlū; also known as Būyāghchelū) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 21 families.
 Namanlu (Persian: نامانلو‎ also Romanized as Nāmānlū) is a village in Jirestan Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 638 in 150 families.
 Mattigatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Amirabad (Persian: امير آباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Yateri Rural District in the Central District of Aradan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Koszelew [kɔˈʂɛlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Gąbin 18 km (11 mi) south of Płock and 92 km (57 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 492.
 Lusići (Cyrillic: Лусићи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tovidarreh (Persian: طويدره‎ also Romanized as Ţovīdarreh) is a village in Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 190 families.
 Kashuk-e Sofla (Persian: كشوك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kashūk-e Soflá Kashūk Soflá and Kashook Sofla; also known as Kashūk-e Pā’īn Keshūk-e Pā’īn Kashūk Pā’īn and Keshūk Pā’īn) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Varbar (Persian: وربر‎; also known as Varbar-e Helīlān) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 25 families.
 Barzu (Persian: برزو‎ also Romanized as Barzū Bārzū and Borzū) is a village in Takmaran Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 40 families.
 Fyrde is a village in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located at the end of the Austefjorden branch of the main Voldsfjorden. The new European route E39 highway runs past the village of Fyrde. The new 6563-metre (4.1 mi) long Kviven Tunnel runs through the mountain Kviven connecting the Fyrde area to the village of Grodås in neighboring Hornindal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county.Austefjord Church is located in Fyrde.
 Cerovac (Serbian: Церовац) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 904 people.
 Seki is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 469 people.
 Mazar-e Seyyed Ali (Persian: مزارسيدعلي‎ also Romanized as Mazār-e Seyyed ‘Alī; also known as Emāmzādeh Seyyed ‘Alī Zīārat-e Seyyed ‘Alī and Ziyārat Saiyid ‘Ali) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 67 families.
 Troszczyno [trɔʂˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] (German: Friedrichsgnade) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Radowo Małe 21 km (13 mi) west of Łobez and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Tuula is a village in Saue Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Ballinagree (Irish: Baile na Graí) is a small village situated at the foot of the Boggeragh Mountains in County Cork Ireland. Ballinagree and its surrounding areas comprise one of the richest areas in northern Europe for Megalithic monuments. It is located 18 miles (29 km) west of Cork city 10 km north east of Macroom 6 km west of Rylane 13 km north west of Coachford17km south east of Millstreet and 20 km west of Blarney.
 Gol Zagh (Persian: گل زاغ‎ also Romanized as Gol Zāgh) is a village in Balesh Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bağdatlı is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Trąbin-Rumunki [ˈtrɔmbin ruˈmuŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 54 families.
 Abu Sadi (Persian: ابوسعدي‎ also Romanized as Abū Sa‘dī) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 992 in 264 families.
 Nowy Zaborów [ˈnɔvɨ zaˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Gostynin and 116 km (72 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Gündoğan is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Shaghuz Kaleh (Persian: شاغوزكله‎ also Romanized as Shāghūz Kaleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 272 in 80 families.
 Shah Mohammadi (Persian: شاه محمدي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Moḩammadī) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 17 families.
 Borów [ˈbɔruf] (German: Markt Bohrau) is a village in Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Borów. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Strzelin and 28 kilometres (17 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 900.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wieluń and 89 km (55 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1000.
 Fetr (Persian: فطر‎ also Romanized as Feţr and Feţer; also known as Patar and Pathar) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 24 families.
 Roszkowa Wola [rɔʂˈkɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczyca within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Rzeczyca 30 km (19 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ugarci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Požega.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 63.
 Skrzynki [ˈskʂɨŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Baruchowo 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 160.
 Skarszewo [skarˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Qeshlaq-e Jalilu (Persian: قشلاق جليلو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Jalīlū) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 64 families.
 Warla is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2469 living in 449 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 3140 of which 32% was literate.
 Nowy Cygów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡sɨɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Wołomin and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Laugu is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Tkaczewska Góra [tkaˈt͡ʂɛfska ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Parzęczew 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sabz Gezi (Persian: سبزگزي‎ also Romanized as Sabz Gezī) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 474 in 104 families.
 Herbow (Persian: هربو‎) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 17 families.
 Nasehabad (Persian: ناصح اباد‎ also Romanized as Nāşeḩābād) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 75 families.
 Now Boni (Persian: نوبني‎ also Romanized as Now Bonī; also known as Noh Bonī) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 82 families.
 Nowe Oborzyska [ˈnɔvɛ ɔbɔˈʐɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kościan and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 280.
 Sissu (also known as Khagling) is a small town in the Lahaul valley of Himachal Pradesh in India. It is around 90 km from Manali and located on the right bank of Chandra river. It is located at 32°29′0″N 77°7′0″E.
 Kishangarh (Hindi: किशनगढ़) is a village located near Vasant Kunj in South West Delhi district of Delhi India on the hills of Aravali between Mehrauli and Vasant Kunj. One extreme of Kishangarh is around 4 km from Qutub Minar in historic Mehrauli area. The other extreme is approximately 7.5 km from the Indira Gandhi International Airport.
 Halefoğlu is a town in the central district (Kars) of Kars Province Turkey at 40°39′N 43°18′E. It is 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Kars. The population of Halefoğlu is 2597 as of 2011. With this population it is the most populous village of the province. There are also some Halefoğlu residents working in big cities. The economy of the town depends on agriculture and cattle breeding. There is also a dairy in the village
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jędrzejów and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Valad (Persian: ولد‎ also Romanized as Vald) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District Mirza Kuchek Janghli District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1108 in 310 families.
 Kruševo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Zalaistvánd is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Zamyślin [zaˈmɨɕlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Międzychód and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pierzchnica [pjɛʂxˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 20.
 Kesaram is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Mominpet mandal.
 Kari is a village in Jhunjhunu district of Rajasthan state in India. It is situated 17 km west of Nawalgarh and is connected to nearby cities such as Jhunjhunu and Gudha by roads. It is a 400 year old village. Maanth jats are said to be the first inhabitants of the village.The postal pincode for the village is 333311.
 Giahzar (Persian: گياه زار‎ also Romanized as Gīāhzār; also known as Gahzār) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 25 families.
 Abd-ol Seyyed (Persian: عبدالسيد‎ also Romanized as ʿAbd-ol Seyyed) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 13 families.
 Ahangar Kola (Persian: اهنگركلا‎ also Romanized as Āhangar Kolā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 11 families.
 Kokczyn Pierwszy [ˈkɔkt͡ʂɨn ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Strzałkowo 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Słupca and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Kılıçlar Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Olszówka [ɔlˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Morzeszczyn 32 km (20 mi) south of Tczew and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gorajowice [ɡɔrajɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jasło and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Helal (Persian: هلال‎ also Romanized as Helāl; also known as Helār) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 18 families.
 Pawan Nagar is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11428 persons living in 1961 individual households.
 Banavchan (Persian: بناوچان‎ also Romanized as Banāvchān; also known as Banāvojān and Benāvojān) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 40 families.
 Koszanowo [kɔʂaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Körbenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 58 km (36 mi) south of Toruń.
 Yakhdan (Persian: يخدان‎ also Romanized as Yakhdān) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Kolet (Persian: كلت‎) is a village in Mehravan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 961 in 229 families.
 Mavaluy-e Sofla (Persian: مولوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mavālūy-e Soflá'; also known as Mavālū-ye Soflá) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Zalesie Golczowskie [zaˈlɛɕɛ ɡɔlˈt͡ʂɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Al-'Abisiyya was a Palestinian Arab village in the District of Safad. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on May 29 1948 by The Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 28.5 km northeast of Safad near to the Banyas River which the village relied on for irrigation.In 1945 it had 1510 inhabitants 290 of which were Jewish. The village contained the khirbas of Tall al-Sakhina Tall al-Shari'a and al-Shaykh Ghannam.
 Kalateh-ye Kandi (Persian: كلاته كندي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Kandī) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 17 families.
 Zdręby [ˈzdrɛmbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Bakałarzewo 14 km (9 mi) west of Suwałki and 115 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mavarem Kola (Persian: موارم كلا‎ also Romanized as Mavārem Kolā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 86 families.
 Kalu (Persian: كلو‎ also Romanized as Kalū and Kolū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 28 families.
 Batoshevo is a village in Sevlievo Municipality Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Kohneh Mollalar (Persian: كهنه ملالر‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Mollālar) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Sharqi Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 13 families.
 Atça is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Wysoka Wieś [vɨˈsɔka ˈvjɛɕ] (German: Hochdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Tuchola and 51 km (32 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 110.
 Sorkheh (Persian: سرخه‎; also known as Sorkheh-ye Sārū Khalīl and Sārū Khalīl) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 41 families.
 Wilków [ˈvilkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Bodzentyn and 17 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 790.
 Akkadevanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Heggadadevankote taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Proctorville is a village in Lawrence County Ohio United States along the Ohio River. The population was 574 at the 2010 census. The East End Bridge connects Proctorville to Huntington West Virginia across the Ohio River.Proctorville is a part of the Huntington-Ashland WV-KY-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). As of the 2000 census the MSA had a population of 288649.
 Mieszuki [mjɛˈʂuki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Wyszki 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mamjin (Persian: مامجين‎ also Romanized as Māmjīn Māmchīn and Māmajīn) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 51 families.
 Seiktha is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Boguszynek [bɔɡuˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kalemli is a village in the District of Yumurtalık Adana Province Turkey.
 Väänla is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Krstac (Cyrillic: Крстац) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dillonvale is a village in Jefferson County Ohio United States. The population was 665 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Młynkowo [mwɨnˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Duszniki 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1585 in 395 families.
 Kamnitsa is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Yuzbashi Kandi (Persian: يوزباشي كندي‎ also Romanized as Yūzbāshī Kandī; also known as Yūzbāsh Kandī) is a village in Obatu Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 61 families.
 Stodoły [stɔˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Strzelno 19 km (12 mi) east of Mogilno 52 km (32 mi) south-west of Toruń and 56 km (35 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 190.
 Torali is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gijow (Persian: گيجو‎ also Romanized as Gījow and Gījū) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 845 in 184 families.
 Piekary [pjɛˈkarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Gniezno and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mehdiabad-e Vahed (Persian: مهدي ابادواحد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Vāḩed; also known as Mehdīābād and Mihdīābād) is a village in Qasemabad Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2673 in 621 families.
 Teskánd is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Wólka Policka [ˈvulka pɔˈlit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Zwoleń and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Werapitiya Ihalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bursztynik [burʂˈtɨnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Przodkowo 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 22 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Haft Piran (Persian: هفت پيران‎ also Romanized as Haft Pīrān; also known as Haft Pīr) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 26 families.
 Hapugaharawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tunb-e Bozorg (Persian: تنب بزرگ‎; also known as Greater Tumb Jazīreh-ye Tonb-e Bozorg Jezīrat Tunb Tonb Ţunb al Kubrá and Tunb Buzurq) is a village in Tunb Rural District Tunb District Abumusa County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 49 families. The village is on Greater Tunb island.
 Kamianna [kaˈmʲanːa] (Ukrainian: Кам'яна Kamyana) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Łabowa 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Nowy Sącz and 94 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Arthunkal is a small seaside village about 8 kilometre west of Cherthala and 22 kilometre north of the Alappuzha town in the Alappuzha district of Kerala state South India. Primarily a fishing village this serene neighborhood has witnessed fast development since the late nineties in sync with Cherthala a small satellite town of Kochi the biggest city in Kerala.
 Bolesławice [bɔlɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Fürstenflagge) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Goleniów and 18 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kuderewszczyzna [kudɛrɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Białostocka 37 km (23 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dereshnuiyeh (Persian: درشنوييه‎ also Romanized as Dereshnūīyeh and Dereshnoeeyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Serock [ˈsɛrɔt͡sk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Pruszcz 25 km (16 mi) west of Świecie and 28 km (17 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 2000.
 Thelliyoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala India.
 Bastawad is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Belgaum taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Kuźnica [kuʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Radomsko and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jabłonka Stara [jaˈbwɔnka ˈstara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Miedzichowo 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 140.
 Kapetanovići (Serbian: Капетановићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Petrovo Selo Kladovo is a village in the municipality of Kladovo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 129 people.
 Mowtowr-e Hasan Matlaq (Persian: موتور حسن مطلق‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasan Maţlaq) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 36 families.
 Mehrandu (Persian: مهراندو‎ also Romanized as Mehrāndū; also known as Mehrandūh) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 22 families.
 Karsam (Persian: كرسام‎ also Romanized as Karsām) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 58 families.
 Mastamandau is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2633 living in 547 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 3411 of which 51% was literate.
 Zeydar (Persian: زيدر‎ also Romanized as Zaidar and Zīdar) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Bala Rural District Qushkhaneh District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 727 in 152 families.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād and Akberābād; also known as Akbarābād-e Sheshdeh) is a village in Sheshdeh Rural District Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2230 in 534 families.
 Zubaran (Persian: زوباران‎ also Romanized as Zūbārān and Zowbārān) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 79 families.
 Qaleh (Persian: قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh; also known as Kalakh) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 55 families.
 Yusefabad-e Abdolmeni (Persian: يوسف آباد عبدالمني‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e ‘Abdolmenī; also known as Yūsefābād and Yūsefābād-e ‘Abdollāhī) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 42 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork-Osada within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Żuromin and 121 km (75 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 300.
 Gundgurthi (Kannada: ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Gundgurthi is under Tewar Wadgera panchayat village Shahapur taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka. Gundgurthi is 9 km by road northeast of Hattigudur. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.
 Khush Manzar (Persian: خوش منظر‎ also Romanized as Khūsh Manẓar) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 60 families.
 Enjīl is a village in Herat Province in northwestern Afghanistan.
 Hezar Som (Persian: هزارسم‎ also Romanized as Hezār Som) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 18 families.
 Ham Neshin (Persian: همنشين‎ also Romanized as Ham Neshīn and Hamneshīn) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 30 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 25 households used Ham Neshin as their winter quarters.
 Shilan (Persian: شيلان‎ also Romanized as Shīlān) is a village in Naran Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 18 families.
 Kruszewo-Głąby [kruˈʂɛvɔ ˈɡwɔmbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Baqer Tangeh (Persian: باقرتنگه‎ also Romanized as Bāqer Tangeh) is a village in Saheli Rural District in the Central District of Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4374 in 1198 families.
 Miedzianka [mjɛˈd͡ʑaŋka] (German: Coppferberge Kopferberg Kupferberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowice Wielkie within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) east of Jelenia Góra and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław and has a population of a little over eighty.
 Khvajeh Mahi (Persian: خواجه ماهي‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Māhī) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jedlanka [jɛˈdlanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Zwoleń and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Balut Geru (Persian: بلوط گرو‎ also Romanized as Balūţ Gerū) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 7 families.
 Devedamı is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Harunabad (Persian: هارون اباد‎ also Romanized as Hārūnābād) is a village in Sofalgaran Rural District Lalejin District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 971 in 192 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e ‘Alī Asghar Man Dūst) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 30 families.
 Karamık Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ivanje is a village in the municipality of Bojnik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 88 people.
 Božurnja (Serbian: Божурња) is a village in the municipality of Topola Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 672 people.
 Lir Sukhteh-ye Ludab (Persian: ليرسوخته لوداب‎ also Romanized as Līr Sūkhteh-ye Lūdāb; also known as Līr Sūkhteh) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 10 families.
 Smolany-Żardawy [smɔˈlanɨ ʐarˈdavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 100.
 Garland formerly known as Germantown is a village in Seward County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 216 at the 2010 census. Garland is the current residence of Poet Laureate Ted Kooser and the subject (among other aspects of rural life) of Kooser's book Local Wonders: Seasons in the Bohemian Alps.[citation needed]
 Lážovice is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 426 in 99 families.
 Klonowo [klɔˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Lidzbark 29 km (18 mi) west of Działdowo and 79 km (49 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has an approximate population of 270.
 Kormandar (Persian: كرمندار‎ also Romanized as Kormandār) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 20 families.
 Brezhani is a village in Simitli Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Biechów [ˈbjɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kunów 8 km (5 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 75.
 Saadat Qoli-ye Olya (Persian: سعادت قلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādat Qolī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Sa‘ādat Qolī-ye Bālā and Sādāt Qolī Bālā) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 22 families.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 31 families.
 Biały Dwór [ˈbjawɨ ˈdvur] (German: Karlshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Horgan Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 13 families.
 Metsalaane is a village in Konguta Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Pustějov is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Padise is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Khuri (Persian: خوري‎ also Romanized as Khūrī) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chah-e Dasht Mohammad Khan 15 (Persian: چاه دشت محمدخان 15‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Dasht Moḩammad Khān 15; also known as Hadaf) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Regimin [rɛˈɡimin] is a village in Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Regimin. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Ciechanów and 85 km (53 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Veski is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.Actor theatre director and pedagogue Ants Lauter (1894–1973) was born in Veski.
 Kazem-e Mohammad (Persian: كاظم محمد‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧em-e Moḩammad) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 52 families.
 Police [pɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sompolno 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Konin and 105 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sohrtamp (Persian: سهرتمپ‎) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Malabad is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Proszówka [prɔˈʂufka] (German: Gräflich Neundorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfów Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Gryfów Śląski 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 114 kilometres (71 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Benahdiq (Persian: بنه ديق‎ also Romanized as Benahdīq; also known as Bandarīq) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Sar Bisheh (Persian: سربيشه‎ also Romanized as Sar Bīsheh) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jaiee is located at .Jaiee is a village in Himachal Pradesh within the Tehsil (administrative district) of Theog Shimla district India.[citation needed]
 Szaniawy-Matysy [ʂaˈɲavɨ maˈtɨsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 500.
 Değirmenönü is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Goleńsko [ɡɔˈlɛɲskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Chąśno 6 km (4 mi) north of Łowicz and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Darin Qaleh (Persian: درين قلعه‎ also Romanized as Darīn Qal‘eh) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 74 families.
 Loven (Persian: لون‎ also Romanized as Lauvan Lāven Lawan and Loon; also known as Shahīd Shams ed Dīn-e Amānī) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Koçaklar is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 956 people.
 Islandeady (Irish: Oileán Éadaí) is a village in County Mayo Ireland about halfway between the towns of Castlebar and Westport. The parish of Islandeady meets Castlebar to the east Westport and Newport to the west and Aughagower and Killawalla to the south. There is a view of Croagh Patrick to the west and Nephin to the northeast. The main route by road is the N5. The parish has four national schools and a private secondary school.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Bełżyce and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Shah Cheragh (Persian: شاه چراغ‎ also Romanized as Shāh Cherāgh) is a village in Marbin-e Vosta Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyni Shahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 10 families.
 Nwenaing is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Kalvakole is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal.
 Topdere is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Budki-Rososz [ˈbutki ˈrɔsɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Darszyce [darˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Buchwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Płoty 17 km (11 mi) east of Gryfice and 78 km (48 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Milak (Persian: ميلك‎ also Romanized as Mīlak; also known as Lilak) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 38 families.
 Shurjeh-ye Turaghay (Persian: شورجه طوراغاي‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh-ye Ţūrāghāy and Shūrjeh-ye Ţūrāghā'ī) is a village in Leylan-e Shomali Rural District Leylan District Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 65 families.
 Kotfin [ˈkɔtfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Gidle 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 90 km (56 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Łyskornia [wɨsˈkɔrɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Wieluń and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Al Malbanah is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Gabrovo is a very sparsely populated village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated on the eastern slope of Vlahina mountain and very close to the border with Republic of Macedonia.
 Papun-e Sofla (Persian: پاپون سفلي‎ also Romanized as Pāpūn-e Soflá) is a village in Kuhmareh Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 564 in 116 families.
 Vɾba (pronounced [ˈvərba]) is one of ten villages in the Municipality of Žirovnica in the Upper Carniolan region of Slovenia. It was first mentioned in written sources from 1247 and is a typical example of a compact Alpine village. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 196. The Slovene national poet France Prešeren who was born in the village dedicated it the sonnet O Vrba the first of his Sonnets of Misfortune.
 Czacz [t͡ʂat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Śmigiel 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Kościan and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zakaria (Persian: ذكريا‎ also Romanized as Z̄akarīā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Z̄akarīā) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 29 families.
 Shah Zeynali (Persian: شاه زينعلي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Zeyn‘alī; also known as Emāmzādeh Shāh Zeyn‘alī Shāhzādeh Zeyn‘alī and Tang-e Sādāt) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 46 families.
 Morzyce [mɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Lubień Kujawski 34 km (21 mi) south of Włocławek and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Kõnnu is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.Kõnnu has a station on the Edelaraudtee's western route.Philosopher Hermann Graf Keyserling (1880–1946) was born in Kõnnu Manor.
 Zawodne [zaˈvɔdnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Prażmów 12 km (7 mi) south of Piaseczno and 28 km (17 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mazraat Beit Jen (Arabic: مزرعة بيت جن) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Mazraat Beit Jen had a population of 5073 in the 2004 census.
 Owlad (Persian: اولاد‎ also Romanized as Owlād; also known as Boneh-ye Owlād) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 62 families.
 Bogdinac is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 201 people.
 Tajerg (Persian: تجرگ‎ also Romanized as Tajarg and Tajark) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 10 families.
 Roskajmy [rɔsˈkai̯mɨ] (German: Roskeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sępopol 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Bartoszyce and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kayacı is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is at 36°39′N 34°12′E. The distance to Erdemli is 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) and to Mersin is 46 kilometres (29 mi). The village is situated on the lower slopes of the Toros Mountains.
 Chal Kareh (Persian: چال كره‎ also Romanized as Chāl Kareh) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 14 families.
 Pisarzowice [pisaʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] German Schreibersdorf is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). Since 2006 the village like the rest of the commune has been officially bilingual in German and Polish.The village has a population of 362 people.
 Robat-e Morad (Persian: رباطمراد‎ also Romanized as Robāţ-e Morād; also known as Robāt Murad Shahkoobeh Shahkūbeh Shahkūyeh and Shāku) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1738 in 555 families.
 Olszanica [ɔlʂaˈɲit͡sa] (Ukrainian: Вільшаниця Vil’shanytsia) is a village in Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Olszanica. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lesko and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1100.
 Przyborowo [pʂɨbɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Kolno and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 130.
 Vakilabad (Persian: وكيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Vakīlābād) is a village in Yurchi-ye Sharqi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Malków [ˈmalkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Trzcianne 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Mońki and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 575.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Moshkabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 8 families.
 Matsi is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 17 (as of 1 January 2011).Orasaare Manor (Orrasaar) support manor of Saulepi manor was located in Matsi.Heavyweight wrestler and Olympic winner Kristjan Palusalu (1908–1987) was born in Varemurru village which is now part of Matsi village.
 Dąbki-Łętownica [ˈdɔmpki wɛntɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Babin [ˈbabʲin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Bełżyce and 22 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 830.A large skirmish took place near the village during the November Uprising (17 April 1831).
 Monkey Point (or Pim's Bay) is a village in Región Autónoma del Atlántico Sur Nicaragua south of Bluefields.It is located near the site of a planned $US 350 million seaport to be financed by Iran and Venezuela. More recently American and South Korean investors have expressed interest in developing a container terminal there.
 Starygród [staˈrɨɡrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 260.
 Bukovno is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Źródła [ˈʑrudwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Alwernia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Alwernia 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 151.
 San Carlos is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Keruiyeh (Persian: كروييه‎ also Romanized as Kerū’īyeh; also known as Cheshmeh Kerū’īyeh) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Grabinek [ɡraˈbinɛk] (German: Gräwinsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Ostrowice 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 20.
 Javadabad (Persian: جواداباد‎ also Romanized as Javādābād) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 29 families.
 Nowe Osiny [ˈnɔvɛ ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chomaqestan (Persian: چماقستان‎ also Romanized as Chomāqestān) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 712 in 227 families.
 Armentia is one of the villages associated with Vitoria-Gasteiz. Its name comes from the Latin word armentum which translated into English means intensive farming. The village is well-known for its 161ha park created in the 1998.
 Keshit (Persian: كشيت‎ also Romanized as Keshīt) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 10 families.
 Vardavan (Persian: وردوان‎ also Romanized as Vardavān) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 20 families.
 Dobrogoszcz [dɔˈbrɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Strzelin and 41 kilometres (25 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bhimapurwadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Stapleton is a village in and the county seat of Logan County Nebraska United States. The population was 305 at the 2010 census.Stapleton is part of the North Platte Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Dzierzby Włościańskie [ˈd͡ʑɛʐbɨ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kızılkoyunlu is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tang-e Vard (Persian: تنگورد‎; also known as Āb-e Sang Āb and Āb Sangāb) is a village in Tashan-e Gharbi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 13 families.
 Nowy Kobrzyniec [ˈnɔvɨ kɔˈbʐɨɲet͡s] (German: Neuköbern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Polam (Persian: پلام‎ also Romanized as Polām; also known as Polām-e Bālā) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 85 families.
 Hattarwat is a village located in Chikodi taluka in the Belgaum District in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is also called the green valley of Chikodi.It is 1000 metres (3300 feet) above sea level. The village is very cool. It never faces a water problem in summer. The climate is cool even when nearby villages face a temperature of 32°C. The founder of the village was Nasarullah Shah Wali-Allah Taalanahu.
 Rudzie [ˈrud͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Gołdap and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Drenovitsa is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Ligota Górna [liˈɡɔta ˈɡurna] (German Ober Ellguth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 'Karwas' (करवास) is a village in Bhind district in Madhya Pradesh. It was the site of an important fort of Gohad Rana rulers. The ancestor of Bamraulis Jagdeo Singh had come from Agra and stayed at Bhind which was ruled by Aniruddh Singh Bhadauria. There was war between Bamraulias and Bhadauria rulers at place called Pach'hara in which Bhadauria was defeated. The Ranas kept their capital at Pach'hara for some time and later shifted the capital to Gohad.
 Miller City is a village in Putnam County Ohio United States. The population was 137 at the 2010 census.
 Koreh Jub (Persian: كره جوب‎ also Romanized as Koreh Jūb; also known as Kūreh Jūb) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Koolimuttam is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Stillwater is a village in Saratoga County New York United States. The population was 1644 at the 2000 census.The Village of Stillwater is in the southeast part of the Town of Stillwater north of the City of Mechanicville.
 Trojanowo [trɔjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Murowana Goślina (on the main road to Wągrowiec) and 24 km (15 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Licheń Stary [ˈlixɛɲ ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Ślesin 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Konin and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 1100.The village's name means old Licheń; it is often referred to as simply Licheń.
 Owjak (Persian: اوجاك‎ also Romanized as Owjāk and Ūjāk) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 705 in 194 families.
 Once de Octubre is a village and municipality in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.
 Cheshmeh-ye Pahn (Persian: چشمه پهن‎; also known as Cheshmeh-ye Pahnow) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sierosław [ɕeˈrɔswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Tarnowo Podgórne and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pamiątkowo [pamjɔntˈkɔvɔ] (German: Pamen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szamotuły and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1200.
 Galehgah (Persian: گله گاه‎ also Romanized as Galehgāh; also known as Galāgāh and Galū Gāh) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 53 families.
 Tüükri is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Nehzat-e Sofla (Persian: نهضت سفلي‎ also Romanized as Nehẕat-e Soflá; also known as Nehẕat and Shāhrokhī) is a village in Vahdat Rural District Mugarmun District Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shesh Tak (Persian: ششتك‎) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 13 families.
 Qah (Arabic: قاح‎ also spelled Kah) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Idlib Governorate located north of Idlib and just east of the border with Turkey. Nearby localities include Atme to the west Jindires to the north Deir Samaan to the northeast Darat Izza to the east Turmanin to the southeast and al-Dana to the south.
 Dębowiec [dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sośno 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Koninki – settlement in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship Poland situated at the south-east end of the so-called Poręba key. Administratively part of village Poręba Wielka Limanowa County. Koninki is a tourist centre on the border of the Gorczański National Park at the foot of the Tobołów mountain (957 m n.p.m.) fitted with a chairlift. The town is an excellent base for treks into the Gorce Mountains. A Koninka river flows through the town.
 Jerzyn [ˈjɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Pobiedziska and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 90.
 Ngọc Phái is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Lalain (Persian: لالائين‎ also Romanized as Lālā’īn; also known as Īralaīn and Lālān) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 403 in 100 families.
 Grabarka [ɡraˈbarka] (Ukrainian: Грабарка Hrabarka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Nurzec-Stacja 9 km (6 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 50.
 Wilkowyja [vilkɔˈvɨja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kłecko 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Gniezno and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Asgeriya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Torsh Kuh (Persian: ترشكوه‎ also Romanized as Torsh Kūh) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Krzaki [ˈkʂaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Brzeźnio 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 300.
 Donji Tiškovac (Cyrillic: Доњи Тишковац) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dračevo is a village in Herzegovina in Čapljina municipality Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Petrilje is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 63 people.
 Dilanchi-ye Sofla (Persian: ديلانچي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Dīlānchī-ye Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 18 families.
 Chashu (Persian: چشو‎ also Romanized as Chashū) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Altındere is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 267 people.
 Buszkowice Małe [buʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wińsko 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Wołów and 55 kilometres (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bozhdovo is a village in Sandanski Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Qeshlaq-e Alapapakh (Persian: قشلاق الاپاپاخ‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ālāpāpākh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 21 families.
 Spanish Town is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 R. Pattanam (Tamil : இரா. பட்டணம்) is a village panchayat near Rasipuram municipal corporation in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. [1] The Tamil meaning of Pattanam is a city a town (நகரம்). It is located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) from Salem Tamil Nadu and 3 km from Rasipuram.People's major occupation is Agriculture.
 Palle Galadebokka is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Cham Puneh (Persian: چم پونه‎ also Romanized as Cham Pūneh; also known as Valīābād-e Cham Pūneh) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Sędzice [sɛnˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Malykh is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Koninek [kɔˈninɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Pniewy 19 km (12 mi) west of Szamotuły and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cząstków [ˈt͡ʂɔ̃stkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kłodawa 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Koło and 134 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 450.
 Vatla (German: Wattel) is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.Surgeon Eduard Georg von Wahl (1833–1890) was born in Vatla.
 Zawady-Huta [zaˈvadɨ ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Atash Anbar (Persian: اتش انبار‎ also Romanized as Ātash Anbār) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 20 families.
 Chahar Taq (Persian: چهارطاق‎ also Romanized as Chahār Ţāq) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 24 families.
 Balav (Persian: بلاو‎ also Romanized as Balāv) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 30 families.
 Nowa Huta [ˈnɔva ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Gostynin and 114 km (71 mi) west of Warsaw.
 La Puntilla (La Rioja) is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād; also known as Sālābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 18 families.
 Chah-e Jahani (Persian: چاه جهاني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Jahānī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 14 families.
 Bab Koraj (Persian: باب كرج‎ also Romanized as Bāb Koraj; also known as Bāb Kaj Dar Kaj Dar Karaj and Dar Korj) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Soveychti-ye Yek (Persian: سوي چيتي يك‎ also Romanized as Soveychtī-ye Yek; also known as Soveyḩetī-ye Yek) is a village in Gharb-e Karun Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 46 families.
 Dar Kola (Persian: داركلا‎ also Romanized as Dār Kolā; also known as Dārāb Kolā and Dārā Kolā) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 539 in 140 families.
 Ropa [ˈrɔpa] (Ukrainian: Ропа Ropa) is a village in Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ropa. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Gorlice and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3700.
 Amona (Konkani अमोना) is a census town in North Goa district in the state of Goa India.It is believed that Amona was an ancient centre for trade and commerce with lot of cultivated fertile land and alluvial banks of the Mhadaee now Mandovi River. The surrounding land holds many cashew plantations and has a Sesa Goa pig iron plant. The rich soil and centralized location in Gomantak with water networks for inland transport allowed Aryans to settle on the land.
 Cerje (Bajina Bašta) is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 168 people.
 Cichmiana [t͡ɕixˈmjana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dąbie 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Koło and 133 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Alekere is a village in Avinurme Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Zibad (Persian: زيبد‎ also Romanized as Zībad) is a village in Zibad Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 868 in 288 families.Zibad meaning beautiful was a famous ancient city in Shahnameh. According to Shahnameh Ferdowsi (around 1000 AD) it was the place of a famous war called 12 rokh (12 hero) between Iran and Turan.
 Jeżewnica [jɛʐɛvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Osiek 32 km (20 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 110.
 Great Neck Plaza is a village in the town of North Hempstead in Nassau County New York in the United States. The population was 6707 at the 2010 census.The village is on the Great Neck Peninsula on the North Shore of Long Island.
 Wścieklice [fɕt͡ɕɛˈklit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kolno and 83 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 147.
 Kunjarugiri is a village in Udupi district in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is located about 11 km from Udupi City near Moodubelle. The main attraction of the village is a hill known as Durga Betta on which is located a temple of Durga known to locals in the Tulu language as Kunjar Amma. Parashurama is credited with erecting the temple in honour of the divine mother Adi Shakti.
 Prandi is a village in Koigi Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Keraj Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 973 in 240 families.
 Pish Kenar (Persian: پيش كنار‎ also Romanized as Pīsh Kenār and Pishkanar) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1088 in 297 families.
 Kiełpin [ˈkʲɛu̯pin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 161.
 Kadaungbwin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Rakuwa is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2248 people living in 419 individual households.
 Buzi-ye Seyf (Persian: بوزي سيف‎ also Romanized as Būzī-ye Seyf; also known as Bozīyeh Būz Būzī and Buzīyeh) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2284 in 394 families.
 Urtakand (Persian: اورتاكند‎ also Romanized as Ūrtākand) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kawęczynek [kavɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Szczebrzeszyn 25 km (16 mi) west of Zamość and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mszczuje [ˈmʂt͡ʂujɛ] (German: Moorbrück) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Warpno within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Nowe Warpno 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Police and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Dębienko [dɛmˈbjɛnkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Stęszew and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 480.
 Cheshmeh-ye Karim Bakhsh (Persian: چشمه كريم بخش‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Karīm Bakhsh) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vedruka is a village in Roosna-Alliku Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Żmijewo [ʐmiˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbudy within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kolbudy 8 km (5 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Radzice Małe [raˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Drzewica 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 590.
 Göktürk is a small village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village is situated in the Toros Mountains at 36°20′N 33°13′E. The distance to Gülnar is 22 kilometres (14 mi) and to Mersin is 172 kilometres (107 mi). The population of the village was 72 as of 2011.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād) is a village in Tajan Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 520 in 109 families.
 Stublca is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 210 people.
 Kolechowice-Kolonia [kɔlɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Lubelski within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Enasalmada is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 34 families.
 For the town in Zaragoza see Used (Zaragoza). For other meanings see Used.Used (Aragonese: Usé) is a village under the local government of the municipality of Sabiñánigo Alto Gállego Huesca Aragon Spain.Located near the Sierra y Cañones de Guara natural park the surrounding area is a very good place for speleology and sports like rock climbing and canyoning.
 Prisad is a village in Sozopol Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Mafeh-ye Rudtalkh (Persian: مافه رودتلخ‎ also Romanized as Māfeh-e Rūdtalkh; also known as Māfeh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 21 families.
 Dehu (Persian: دهو‎ also Romanized as Dehū; also known as Deyyū) is a village in Kal Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 14 families.
 Richfield Springs is a village located in the Town of Richfield on the north-central border of Otsego County New York. The population was 1264 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from some local sulfur springs.
 Dayadra is a village in Bharuch taluk of Bharuch district Gujarat India. Unlike nearby villages the sewer system is underground.
 Darreh Tang (Persian: دره تنگ‎) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sisawani is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3767 people living in 662 individual households.
 Zdanów [ˈzdanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Obrazów 15 km (9 mi) west of Sandomierz and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 300.
 Czepielin [t͡ʂɛˈpjɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Mordy 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 96 km (60 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 360.
 Proszew B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Węgrów and 71 km (44 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 30.
 Golujeh-ye Molla Lar (Persian: گلوجه مالالار‎ also Romanized as Golūjeh-ye Mollā Lār; also known as Kalījeh) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dzierzkowice-Góry [d͡ʑɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Pewaukee is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 8166 at the 2010 census. The village is surrounded by the City of Pewaukee. The city was incorporated from what was formerly the Town of Pewaukee and the remainder of the town later incorporated as a city.The name of the village comes from Pee-wauk-ee-wee-nick meaning either the dusty water or lake of shells in Potawatomi.
 Vandu is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.Estonian Prime Minister and State Elder Otto Strandman (1875–1941) was born in Vandu.
 Kamionki [kaˈmjɔnki] (German Kamionken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Giżycko and 82 km (51 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kovanj (Serbian: Ковањ) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Gow Ali (Persian: گوالي‎ also Romanized as Gow Ālī Gūālī Gavaali Gavālī; also known as Gawatali) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 31 families.
 North Baltimore is a village in Wood County Ohio United States and is part of the Toledo OH Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 3432 at the 2010 census. The village is a member of the Toledo Metropolitan Area Council of Governments.
 Kokotyi is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Estijak (Persian: استيجك‎ also Romanized as Estījak; also known as Ashtajak and Īstījak) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 31 families.
 Adamów [aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Vállus is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Cheshmeh Shahrokh Masgareh (Persian: چشمه شاهرخ مسگره‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Shāhrokh Masgareh; also known as Cheshmeh Shāhrokh) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 19 families.
 Vĩnh Thịnh is a commune (xã) and village in Hòa Binh District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Opalgalawatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qonqor (Persian: قنقر‎) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Keleriškiai is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 385 people.
 Mała Klonia [ˈmawa ˈklɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Gostycyn 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Tuchola and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Khuygan-e Sofla (Persian: خويگان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khūygān-e Soflá; also known as Khoijān Khūygān Khūygān-e Pā’īn and Khvoyjān) is a village in Varzaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1682 in 393 families.
 Drągówek [drɔnˈɡuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Twardogóra 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Oleśnica and 45 kilometres (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Lendy [ˈlɛndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Brusy 35 km (22 mi) north of Chojnice and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 69.
 Moqiseh (Persian: مقيسه‎ also Romanized as Moqīseh; also known as Magīsā Makisa and Moghīs̄eh) is a village in Kah Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 644 in 221 families.
 Arezumand (Persian: ارزومند‎ also Romanized as Ārezūmand and Ārzūmand) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District Khenejin District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 434 in 117 families.
 Skutër is a village in the municipality of Krrabë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Radoniów [raˈdɔɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomierz within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lubomierz 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 111 kilometres (69 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hiievälja is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Dąbrowice [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Żuromin and 126 km (78 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Prnjavor is a village in the municipality of Batočina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 186 people.
 Chrząchówek [xʂɔ̃ˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Końskowola 12 km (7 mi) east of Puławy and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 465.
 Safiyeh (Persian: صفيه‎ also Romanized as Şafīyeh Şafeyeh Safīyeh and Safyeh) is a village in Nayband Rural District Chah-e Mobarak District Asaluyeh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 18 families.
 Varalići (Cyrillic: Варалићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sadun-e Do (Persian: سعدون دو‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dūn-e Do) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 53 families.
 Darreh-ye Bani Yab Bahram Beygi (Persian: دره بنياب بهرام بيگي‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Banī Yāb Bahrām Beygī; also known as Darreh-ye Banī Yāb) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 30 families.
 Lepenac is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 932 people.
 Ajtani is a village in Nurmahal. Nurmahal is a sub-tehsil in the district Jalandhar of the Indian state of Punjab.
 Abd ol Rahman (Persian: عبدالرحمن‎ also Romanized as ʿAbd ol Raḥman) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 13 families.
 Pullur is a village in Medak district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Rogozino [rɔɡɔˈʑinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Radzanowo 9 km (6 mi) east of Płock and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Nezamabad-e Jadid (Persian: نضام ابادجديد‎ also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād-e Jadīd; also known as Nez̧āmābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2404 in 533 families.
 Tulsipur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3150 people living in 590 individual households.
 Negovac is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 39 people.
 Smogulec [smɔˈɡulɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Gołańcz 28 km (17 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 76 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Złożeniec [zwɔˈʐɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Pilica 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Zawiercie and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 440.
 Qojur (Persian: قجور‎ also Romanized as Qojūr) is a village in Afshar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 55 families.
 Žiljci is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 427 people.
 Haravanj (Persian: هراونج‎ also Romanized as Harāvanj; also known as Kalāteh-ye Harāvanj) is a village in Zibad Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Brestova is a village in Croatia located south of Učka Mountain ridge. It is connected by the D402 road which links the Brestova ferry port from where ferries fly to the island of Cres. The settlement is administered as a part of Istria County and Kršan municipality.
 Kavaklı is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 248 people.
 Banu Sahra (Persian: بانوصحرا‎ also Romanized as Bānū Şaḩrā; also known as Bālsahra) is a village in Chendar Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 518 in 164 families.
 Ab Bidak (Persian: اب بيدك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bīdak) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 8 families.
 Duttalur or Duthalur is a village and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.One of the key highlights of this place is a four-road junction (popularly called `Center’) which one often doesn’t get to see in small villages. This is the hub from where buses leaving for Hyderabad Mumbai Bangalore Kadapa Chennai and Vijayawada leave. Mirchi Tobacco Paddy Vegetables are some of the key crops grown in the area.
 Kaht-e Now (Persian: كهت نو‎; also known as Kahteh Now and Kahteh-ye Now) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sarfeh (Persian: صرفه‎ also Romanized as Şarfeh) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 12 families.
 Powodów Pierwszy [pɔˈvɔduf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wartkowice 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 110.
 Warlity Małe [varˈlitɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Durkan-e Pain (Persian: دوركان پائين‎ also Romanized as Dūrkān-e Pā’īn; also known as Dūrkān-e Pāeen) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Chah Lashkaran-e Pain (Persian: چاه لشكران پايين‎ also Romanized as Chāh Lashkarān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 38 families.
 Resket-e Sofla (Persian: رسكت سفلي‎ also Romanized as Resket-e Soflá; also known as Pā’īn Resket) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 16 families.
 Batase is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4764 and had 1002 houses in the village.
 Waryś [ˈvarɨɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzęcin within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Borzęcin 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Brzesko and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Darband (Persian: دربند‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 20 families.
 Hpacheleik is a river village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Morad Mohammad Bazar (Persian: مرادمحمدبازار‎ also Romanized as Morād Moḩammad Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 17 families.
 Klukowo-Kolonia [kluˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kamankesh (Persian: كمانكش‎ also Romanized as Kamānkesh and Kamankash) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 31 families.
 Zagoni (Cyrillic: Загони) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kavaneh-ye Hoseyn (Persian: كاوانه حسين‎ also Romanized as Kāvāneh-ye Ḩoseyn; also known as Gāvāneh and Kāvdāneh) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 43 families.
 Ustikolina (Cyrillic: Устиколина) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina. A proposal to dam the Drina River at Ustikolina for a hydroelectric power station was rejected by the municipal authorities in October 2006.
 Vražné is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Brahmanagudem is a village in Chagallu mandal West Godavari district Andhra Pradesh India . Approximately 90% of the population is dependent on agriculture. This village is also industrially advanced in comparison to its adjacent villages. This major panchayat of Chagallu mandal is well connected to the adjacent cities through rail and roadways. The nearest town is Nidadavolu It is 3 km awway from nidadavolu Nidadavolu is well connected with Railway and road transport.
 Drinova Međa is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina; Europe.
 Mężenino-Węgłowice [mɛ̃ʐɛˈninɔ vɛŋɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 52.
 Nasławice [naswaˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Naselwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Kadampazhipuram-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of Kadampazhipuram gram panchayat together with Kadampazhipuram-II.
 Sutješćica is a village in the municipality of Breza Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dziewin [ˈd͡ʑevin] (German: Dieban) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwestern Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) southeast of Ścinawa 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Lubin and 49 kilometres (30 mi) northwest of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Abajaluy-e Olya (Persian: اباجالوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Abājalūy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Abājalū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 68 families.
 Sasina is a village on the north coast of Savai'i island in Samoa. It is located in the political district of Gagaifomauga. The population is 550 (2006 Census).The village is part of a conservation area which includes the village of Aopo. There is a primary school with a new assembly hall renovated by engineers from the United States Australia and New Zealand under the US Navy's Pacific Partnership programme of the Pacific Fleet.
 Coutts /ˈkuːts/ is a village in Alberta and the location of one of the busiest Canada – US border crossings in western Canada. It connects Highway 4 to Interstate 15 an important trade route (CANAMEX Corridor) between Alberta American states along I-15 and Mexico.In 2004 a joint border facility opened in Coutts–Sweet Grass Montana housing both Canadian and American federal authorities.
 Trzcinica [tʂt͡ɕiˈnit͡sa] is a village in Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Trzcinica. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Kępno and 156 km (97 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kamienica [kamjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Wągrowiec and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kurzacze [kuˈʐat͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kunów 9 km (6 mi) north of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 56.
 Nasrabad-e Seyyed Khalil (Persian: نصراباد سيدخليل‎ also Romanized as Naṣrābād-e Seyyed Khalīl; also known as Seyyed Khalīl) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 65 families.
 Harkujärve (German: Harkojärw) is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 564 (as of 1 June 2010). The village is located on the western and southwestern side of Lake Harku.
 Sowghanlu (Persian: سوغان لو‎ also Romanized as Sowghānlū and Sooghanloo; also known as Sagālū Sogānlū and Soghānlū) is a village in Piran Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 598 in 89 families.
 Kłopotnica [kwɔpɔtˈnit͡sa] (German: Neusorge) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Delli-ye Cheman (Persian: دلي چمن‎ also Romanized as Dellī-ye Cheman) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 13 families.
 Chlewice [xlɛˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Klewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boleszkowice within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Boleszkowice 39 km (24 mi) south-west of Myślibórz and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Üçbaş Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Jolgeh Sedeh (Persian: جلگه سده‎; also known as Jolgeh) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 70 families.
 Kandeva (Persian: كندوا‎ also Romanized as Kandevā) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Morsko [ˈmɔrskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszyce within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Koszyce 19 km (12 mi) east of Proszowice and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Czachowo [t͡ʂaˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zawonia 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Trzebnica and 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ciglena is a village in Croatia.
 Manorhaven is a village in Nassau County New York on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2010 Census the village population was 6556.The Incorporated Village of Manorhaven is in the Town of North Hempstead and in the Port Washington school and fire districts.
 Greenhills is a village in Hamilton County Ohio United States. The population was 3615 at the 2010 census. It is a planned community that was established by the United States federal government during the Great Depression.
 Pasieka Wałowska [paˈɕeka vaˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Papratište is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 291 people.
 Kozica (Italian: Cozizza) is a small village in the Split-Dalmatia County of Croatia. It is in the jurisdiction of Vrgorac 80 km (50 mi) southeast of Split. It lies just below Sveti Mihovil mountain which is 1247 m (4091 ft) high.
 Wilkowuje [vilkɔˈvujɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą 25 km (16 mi) south of Płońsk and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Adi (Karnataka) is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Przybyszewo [pʂɨbɨˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Regimin 12 km (7 mi) north of Ciechanów and 88 km (55 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kuzgun is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Ab Garmeh (Persian: اب گرمه‎ also Romanized as Āb Garmeh) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lebd-e Olya (Persian: لبدعليا‎ also Romanized as Lebd-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 21 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Abdollah Esfandiarpur (Persian: تلمبه عبداله اسفنديارپور‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAbdollah Esfandīārpūr) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kızılcapınar is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 74 people.
 Mirocin Górny [miˈrɔt͡ɕin ˈɡurnɨ] (formerly German Ober Herzogswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kożuchów 16 km (10 mi) west of Nowa Sól and 22 km (14 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 633.
 Azadabad-e Pir Dusti (Persian: آزادآباد پير دوستي‎ also Romanized as Āzādābād-e Pīr Dūstī; also known as Āzādābād) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Nebioğlu Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Hezarrud-e Olya (Persian: هزاررودعليا‎ also Romanized as Hezārrūd-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Ab Bar Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1191 in 264 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Rakanabad (Persian: مزرعه ركن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Raḵanābād) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bilka Bulgaria is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Skoki [ˈskɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Okonek 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Złotów and 135 km (84 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 100.
 Rapaty-Żachy [raˈpatɨ ˈʐaxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rudaki (Persian: رودكي‎ also Romanized as Rūdakī) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 30 families.
 Zieleniew [ʑɛˈlɛɲɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kutno and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Tangeh Chehel Sangu (Persian: تنگه چهل سنگو‎ also Romanized as Tangeh Chehel Sangū) is a village in Aliabad Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Parvati is a village 1.5 km from Guledagudd in Bagalkot district in the Indian state of Karnataka.Shri Parvatesh is the name of  whose temple is at Parvati village.Annual Festival :Every year in December all Parvatesh devotees gather and organise two day festival the date of this decided on Dushera evening at temple by Shri Parvatesh Organising committee.The main attraction of this event is women do serve Shri Parvatesh by walking over the fire this is known as Gandarati.
 Kaskin (Persian: كاسكين‎ also Romanized as Kāskīn) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Aqkand (Persian: اقكند‎ also Romanized as Āqkand) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 29 families.
 Darreh Namdari (Persian: دره نامداري‎ also Romanized as Darreh Nāmdārī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 66 families.
 Mian Kalahun (Persian: ميان كلاهون‎ also Romanized as Mīān Kalāhūn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Deh Zamīn) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 53 families.
 Margav-e Sofla (Persian: مرگاوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Margāv-e Soflá; also known as Margāb-e Soflá) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 28 families.
 Szyszków [ˈʂɨʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Lipie 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Kłobuck and 86 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 235.
 Kondó is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Rahtla is a village in Mustjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Larema (Persian: لارما‎ also Romanized as Lāremā and Lārmā) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 32 families.
 Hemmatabad (Persian: همت اباد‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Hemmatābād) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Todzia [ˈtɔd͡ʑa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kadzidło 26 km (16 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 123 km (76 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Wielkie Chełmy [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ˈxɛu̯mɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Brusy 21 km (13 mi) north of Chojnice and 85 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 294.
 Sikhar is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2085 people living in 376 individual households.
 Pangaw is a small forest village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Vis Bulgaria is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Nowe Lignowy [ˈnɔvɛ liɡˈnɔvɨ] (German: Neu Liebenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Kwidzyn and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1920 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Brzeżno Łyńskie [ˈbʐɛʐnɔ ˈwɨɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Cham-e Murt (Persian: چم مورت‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Mūrt) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 20 families.
 Galand Rud (Persian: گلندرود‎ also Romanized as Galand Rūd; also known as Galanrūd) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 18 families.
 Mokhtarabad (Persian: مختاراباد‎ also Romanized as Mokhtārābād) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Mustaru is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.
 Kalimanići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 181 people.
 Chinnaravula Pally is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Gerdab-e Olya (Persian: گرداب عليا‎ also Romanized as Gerdāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Falard Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 66 families.
 Šavac is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 533 people.
 Przysiółek [pʂɨˈɕuwɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 42.
 Deh Gah (Persian: ده گاه‎ also Romanized as Deh Gāh) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Thambiranpatty is a village in Velur panchyat of Perambalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Tolombeh-ye Howshmand (Persian: تلمبه هوشمند‎) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Anaikkadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.Anaikkadu Uravin Murai Sangam an association started with just 80 families away back in 1984 has now become a well organized and spectacular one consisting of more than 1300 families in its register.An association in Singapore Anaikkadu White Cross was started with 25 people working in Singapore in January 2008 with an aim of developing this village in all aspects.Renowned and respected leaders like Periyar E.V. 
 Nội Hoàng is a commune (xã) and village in Yên Dũng District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Dąbrowica [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Jastków and 9 km (6 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1095.
 Komorzewo [kɔmɔˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Czarnków and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 'Amanave is a village on the coast of Tutuila Island American Samoa. It is located close to the island's western tip Cape Taputapu and to the south of the village of Poloa.
 Warffum (Gronings: Waarvum)is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of Eemsmond. It was a separate municipality until 1990 when it became a part of Hefshuizen which has been known as Eemsmond since January 1 1992.
 Anarestan (Persian: انارستان‎ also Romanized as Anārestān) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bahçeköy is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 584 people.
 Worora is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located west of Parakou city centre along the RNIE 6 highway.
 Hundinurga is a village in Vaivara Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Ulpotapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tashkuiyeh (Persian: طاشكوييه‎ also Romanized as Ţāshkūīyeh) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2011 in 460 families.
 Polpitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Stomorine is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qeshlaq-e Owch Darreh al Tafat (Persian: قشلاق اوچ دره التفات‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Owch Darreh al Tafāt) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Tân Trạch is a commune (xã) and village in Bố Trạch District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Tà Đảnh is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Lisewo-Parcele [liˈsɛvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skulsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Karačići (Serbian: Карачићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Świerczów [ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Grzybowo [ɡʐɨˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Września and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.Monuments: Manor house in Grzybów↑
 Bajho is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 20218 persons living in 3586 individual households.
 Lewków [ˈlɛfkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1400.
 Malko Bryagovo is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Gündoğdu is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Thediyur (also spelled Tediyur or Thethiyur) is a village in Kudavasal taluk Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India.It is one of the eighteen villages where vAthimALs settled. Located 23 km from Kumbakonam it has a population of about 3000 people. The village is well connected by road to Kumbakonam and Mayiladuthurai. Bus services are available every 30 minutes from Kumbakonam and Mayiladuthurai.The reason for the village named as Tediyur is as follows.
 Rizvand-e Ali Akbar (Persian: ريزوندعلي اكبر‎ also Romanized as Rīzvand-e ‘Alī Akbar; also known as Rīzehvand-e ‘Alī Akbar and Rīzvand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 40 families.
 Shib Deraz (Persian: شيبدراز‎ also Romanized as Shīb Derāz) is a village in Suza Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 93 families.
 Niemica [ɲeˈmit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Golczewo 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 230.
 Goszczynno [ɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɨnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Kahlestan (Persian: كهلستان‎ also Romanized as Kahlestān; also known as Kūlestān) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 149 families.
 Therlam is a village and Mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Vilar is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.It is Located 5 km from Tanjore .
 Moshkabad (Persian: مشك اباد‎ also Romanized as Moshkābād; also known as Moshgābād-e Masīleh and Mushkābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 41 families.
 Sheykhabad-e Zangivand (Persian: شيخ آباد زنگيوند‎ also Romanized as Sheykhābād-e Zangīvand; also known as Sheykhābād Shaikhābād and Zangīvand) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1031 in 208 families.
 Kopanina [kɔpaˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Ujazd 10 km (6 mi) south of Strzelce Opolskie and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nowe Gałki [ˈnɔvɛ ˈɡau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has an approximate population of 320.
 Shululux is a village in Buuhoodle District in the Togdheer Region of southern Somaliland in northern Somalia. It is located north by road from Widhwidh.
 Stradyń [ˈstradɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Wolsztyn and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 81.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād and Haidarābād) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 36 families.
 Brock is a village in Nemaha County Nebraska United States. The population was 112 at the 2010 census.
 Raczków [ˈrat͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Warta 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 9 de Julio (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina. The municipality is located in the department of Eldorado bordered by the municipalities of Eldorado Santiago de Liniers and Colonia Victoria in the same department and the municipality of Puerto Piray in the Montecarlo department.
 Wróblowa [vruˈblɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzyska within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Brzyska 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Jasło and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Szlachecki Las [ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Zwoleń and 113 km (70 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Hajji Hazer (Persian: حاجي حاضر‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Ḩāẕer; also known as Ḩājī Āzar Ḩājjī Āzar Mazār-e Ḩājjī Bābā Ḩāzer Mazār-e Ḩajjī Hazār Mazār Hāji Hazār and Mazār Ḩājjī Hazār) is a village in Kalan Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Chapar Khaneh (Persian: چاپارخانه‎ also Romanized as Chāpār Khāneh; also known as Chap Darreh) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Popowo [pɔˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Maingdaung is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies on the Chindwin River just to the north of Tason.
 Yalagaung is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Dadqansara (Persian: دادقانسرا‎ also Romanized as Dādqānsarā) is a village in Moridan Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 30 families.
 Grabowo [ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Goworowo 13 km (8 mi) south of Ostrołęka and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 240.
 Żabice [ʐaˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād; also known as Mohammad Abad Bafgh) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sheykh Ali (Persian: شيخ علي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Alī; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Sheykh ‘Alī) is a village in Hana Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 36 families.
 Pilaszków [piˈlaʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 23 km (14 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Bagh-e Jafarabad (Persian: باغ جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ja‘farābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 87 families.
 Wygon [ˈvɨɡɔn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Bierzwnik 28 km (17 mi) east of Choszczno and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Sar Korukan (Persian: سركروكان‎ also Romanized as Sar Korūkān) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 13 families.
 Parczów [ˈpart͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Lipowa Góra [liˈpɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Reszel 16 km (10 mi) west of Kętrzyn and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 23.
 Kalme is a village in Rõngu Parish Tartu County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 90 (as of 1 January 2005).
 Maneswara is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3065 and had 642 houses in the village.
 Jarząbkowice [jaʐɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Środa Śląska and 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Asgarabad-e Kuh (Persian: عسگرابادكوه‎ also Romanized as ‘Asgarābād-e Kūh; also known as ‘Asgarābād) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 880 in 211 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aliabad-e Ayvora (Persian: علي ابادايوراع‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Ayvorā; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 73 families.
 Kłonowiec-Koracz [kwɔˈnɔvjɛt͡s ˈkɔrat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Świba [ˈɕfiba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępno within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Kępno and 147 km (91 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1100.
 Tappeh Taq (Persian: تپه طاق‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Ţāq; also known as Pathūk and Pazūk) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 104 families.
 Popovica is a village in the municipality of Negotin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 487 people.
 Jošanica is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 898 people.
 Khvoran (Persian: خوران‎ also Romanized as Khvorān; also known as Khūzān) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 78 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Khunin Shahr (Persian: تلمبه خونين شهر‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Khūnīn Shahr) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Veliko Vukovje is a village in Croatia.
 Glen Flora is a village in Rusk County Wisconsin United States. The population was 92 at the 2010 census. Founded as Miller's Siding the village is within the town of True.
 Grodzisko [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Radoszyce 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Końskie and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 400.
 Katunište is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vachkalayeh (Persian: واچكلايه‎ also Romanized as Vāchkalāyeh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 37 families.
 Mirowo Duże [miˈrɔvɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Skarszewy 17 km (11 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 220.
 Atevelle is a village and panchayat in Rangareddy district AP India. It comes under Medchal mandal.
 Łozowe [wɔˈzɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Narewka 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Murabad (Persian: موراباد‎ also Romanized as Mūrābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 615 in 146 families.
 Sokolnik Bulgaria is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Heartwell is a village in Kearney County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Kearney Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 71 at the 2010 census.
 Kościejów [kɔɕˈt͡ɕejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Racławice 18 km (11 mi) east of Miechów and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 420.
 This article is about the village. For the town and seat of Dang Deokhuri District see TribhuvannagarTribhuwan Nagar is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2515 people living in 391 individual households.It is located on the eastern outskirts of Malangawa.
 Királd is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Osenik is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kosy [ˈkɔsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 102.
 Daryasar (Persian: درياسر‎ also Romanized as Daryāsar) is a village in Daryasar Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2557 in 744 families.
 Cieciórki Włościańskie [t͡ɕɛˈt͡ɕurki vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Czerwonka 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 80 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 40.
 Dopiewiec [dɔˈpjɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dopiewo and 15 km (9 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 860.
 Małomierzyce [mawɔmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Iłża 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Radom and 116 km (72 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mykanów [mɨˈkanuf] is a village in Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mykanów. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Częstochowa and 76 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1002.
 Kościerzyn Wielki [kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛʐɨn ˈvjɛlki] (German: Carlsbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wyrzysk 36 km (22 mi) east of Piła and 93 km (58 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 373.
 Dizaj-e Jalu (Persian: ديزج جالو‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Jālū; also known as Dīzaj-e Chālū) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 37 families.
 Eivar (Persian: ايور‎ also Romanized as Eīvar) is a village in Miyan Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4664 in 1095 families.
 Owieczka [ɔˈvjɛt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowica within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Łukowica 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Limanowa and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Ginoza (宜野座村 Ginoza-son Okinawan: Jinuza) is a village located in Kunigami District Okinawa Prefecture Japan.As of 2013 the village had a population of 5544 and a population density of 180 persons per km². The total area of Ginoza is 31.28 square kilometres (12.08 sq mi) and 50% of the land area of the village is used for United States military bases.
 Deh Fish (Persian: دهفيش‎ also Romanized as Deh Fīsh) is a village in Deh Fish Rural District Banaruiyeh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1317 in 295 families.
 Kierwiny [kʲɛrˈvinɨ] (German Kerwienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kiwity 8 km (5 mi) east of Lidzbark Warmiński and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Aslan Beyglu (Persian: اصلان بيگلو‎ also Romanized as Aṣlān Beyglū) is a village in Mulan Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 31 families.
 Vlčice (German: Wildschütz) is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jowzestan (Persian: جوزستان‎ also Romanized as Jowzestān; also known as Jowdestān) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Świerże-Kiełcze [ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zosin [ˈzɔɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ułęż 14 km (9 mi) east of Ryki and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Obrowo [ɔˈbrɔvɔ] (Kashubian: Òbrowò) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Bytów and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.
 Kłopoczyn [kwɔˈpɔt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Sadkowice 27 km (17 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Anandavadi is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Efeler Borçka is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 164 people.
 Jelyan (Persian: جليان‎ also Romanized as Jelyān) is a village in Kenareh Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 693 in 196 families.
 Majdan [ˈmai̯dan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Baranowo 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 107 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Ujazd [ˈujast] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Iwaniska 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Opatów and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 530. It is the location of the ruined castle of Krzyżtopór.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسماباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Prosity [prɔˈɕitɨ] (German Prossitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Gornje Ratkovo is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wólka-Folwark [ˈvulka ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Rozalin [rɔˈzalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kramsk [kramsk] is a village in Konin County in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kramsk. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Konin and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1200.
 Qazi Akhavi (Persian: قاضي اخوي‎ also Romanized as Qāẕī Akhavī) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 50 families.
 Dąbie [ˈdɔmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Uher [ˈuxɛr] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Konar Dun-e Sofla (Persian: كناردون سفلي‎ also Romanized as Konār Dūn-e Soflá; also known as Konār Dūn) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rogowo [rɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krobia 17 km (11 mi) south of Gostyń and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 240.
 Lục Bình is a commune (xã) and village in Bạch Thông District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Bhamini is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Bhamini is in a tribal area which is considered beautiful. The River Vamsadhara flows through border of Bhamini mandal and Orissa. Battili is main centre of Bhamini mandal.
 Delta Ontario is a community in the Township of Rideau Lakes Leeds and Grenville County in Eastern Ontario. The village is located between two lakes Upper Beverley and Lower Beverley along highway 42 approximately 15 kilometers west of Athens Ontario and 28 kilometers east of Westport Ontario.
 Jamal Kola (Persian: جمال كلا‎ also Romanized as Jamāl Kolā and Jamāl Kalā) is a village in Kiakola Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 53 families.
 Ždírec (Česká Lípa District) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Brzozowy Borek [bʐɔˈzɔvɨ ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Palędzie Dolne [paˈlɛnd͡ʑɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Mogilno and 53 km (33 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Solina [sɔˈlʲina] (Ukrainian: Солина Solyna) is a village in Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the former seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Solina (in 1999 Polańczyk became the new seat). It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Lesko and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Shir Khun (Persian: شيرخون‎ also Romanized as Shīr Khūn; also known as Shīr Khān) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 35 families.
 Sankyein is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Gavshan-e Sofla (Persian: گاوشان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gāvshān-e Soflá; also known as Gāvshān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 25 families.
 Sarab-e Ganj Ali (Persian: سرابگنجعلي‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Ganj ʿAlī) is a village in Jayedar Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 66 families.
 Taq-e Gavarin (Persian: طاق گاورين‎ also Romanized as Ţāq-e Gāvarīn and Ţāq Gāvarīn; also known as Ţāq Gārvīn) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 533 in 128 families.
 Roprachtice is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. Forgotten Light was filmed mainly in Roprachtice.
 Janopol [jaˈnɔpɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ożarów 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Opatów and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Dulsin [ˈdulɕin] (German: Dulzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Górowo Iławeckie 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Strumienno [struˈmjɛnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 36 km (22 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ługówka [wuˈɡufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Góra Kalwaria 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Piaseczno and 27 km (17 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 40.
 Chañar Punco is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Doğanyurt is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pashkul is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Uljma (Serbian Cyrillic: Уљма) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Vršac municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(83.01%) with a present Romanian minority(11.11%) and its population numbering 3089 people (2011 census).
 Shukol-e Sahan Ali (Persian: شوكل صحنعلي‎ also Romanized as Shūkol-e Şaḥan ʿAlī) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Smoły [ˈsmɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Zakroczym 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Świeciechów Duży [ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕɛxuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Annopol 26 km (16 mi) west of Kraśnik and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 640.
 Szpica [ˈʂpit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Puchaczów 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Łęczna and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Prusinowice [pruɕinɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Pakosławice 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Nysa and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Çaltı is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1147 people.
 Zgórze [ˈzɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Kutno and 40 km (25 mi) south of Włocławek.Zgórze was a royal estate village (Kłodawski starosty) colonised by the Dutch settlers in 1782 with 12 houses by 1790. The village had an Evangelical house of prayer school and cemetery.
 Jewilin [jɛˈvilin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pęchowiec [pɛ̃ˈxɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Klimontów 21 km (13 mi) west of Sandomierz and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Gomiz (Persian: گميز‎ also Romanized as Gomīz; also known as Komīz) is a village in Saruq Rural District Saruq District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Ahmadabad-e Abdal (Persian: احمدابادعبدال‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e ‘Abdāl) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 31 families.
 Czatkowice [t͡ʂatkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Milicz and 49 kilometres (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 450.
 Chah-e Ashair Hajji Nabi Hoseyni (Persian: چاه عشايرئ حاجي نبي حسيني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAshāīr' Ḩājjī Nabī Ḩoseynī; also known as Chah-e Shahīd ʿAlī) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 17 families.
 Brzózki [ˈbʐuski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Lipie 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Kłobuck and 87 km (54 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 98.
 Przecław [ˈpʂɛt͡swaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) east of Żagań and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mowtowr-e Rasul Bakhsh Darkalleh (Persian: موتور رسولبخش درکاله‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Rasūl Bakhsh Darkālleh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 7 families.
 Chodorążek [xɔdɔˈrɔ̃ʐɛk] (German: Kodern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lipno and 47 km (29 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 436.
 Jasenica (Gradačac) (Cyrillic: Јасеница) is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jalalvand-e Sofla (Persian: جلالوندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Jalālvand-e Soflá; also known as Jalālvand-e Pā’īn and Javālvand-e Soflá) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 52 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Shahid Shamsipur (Persian: مزرعه شهيدشمسي پور‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shahīd Shamsīpūr) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lucas González is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Plony [ˈplɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Lubichowo 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mlewo [ˈmlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Kowalewo Pomorskie 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Komasij (Persian: كماسيج‎ also Romanized as Komāsīj; also known as Kamāsaj and Kamāsej) is a village in Efzar Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 60 families.
 Towhidabad (Persian: توحيداباد‎ also Romanized as Towḩīdābād; also known as Toḩīdābād) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 21 families.
 Posht Lor (Persian: پشتلر‎ also Romanized as Posht-e Lor) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 992 in 235 families.
 Darreh Kuleh (Persian: دره كوله‎ also Romanized as Darreh Kūleh; also known as Darahkolah) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 46 families.
 Gnambo Mouro is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the town had a population of 1477. The current estimate for 2009 is 2601 people
 Saadatabad (Persian: سعادت اباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādatābād; also known as Sākht-e Seydā) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 23 families.
 Grange is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 27 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahriyar Mirzai (Persian: تلمبه شهريارميرزائي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahrīyār Mīrzā’ī) is a village in Somghan Rural District Chenar Shahijan District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rashgund (Persian: رشگوند‎ also Romanized as Rashgūnd; also known as Rashgand and Rashkand) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 37 families.
 San Andrés is a village located on the island of Tenerife in the Canary Islands (Spain). It is located on the coast at the foot of the Anaga mountains 7 km northeast of the capital city Santa Cruz de Tenerife. It is administratively part of the municipality of Santa Cruz de Tenerife. San Andrés is one of the oldest villages of the Canary Islands and was founded around 1497.
 Thaiba is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4500 living in 805 individual households among which most of the population is inhabited by newars the dominant population group of kathmandu valley.
 Nikolchovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Pileh Jin (Persian: پيله جين‎ also Romanized as Pīleh Jīn; also known as Pelī Jīn Pelījīn Pīlajīn and Pīlī Jīn) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 397 in 92 families.
 Khubyarlu (Persian: خوبيارلو‎ also Romanized as Khūbyārlū; also known as Khūybārlū) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 18 families.
 Kozice (Gornji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kaveh-ye Olya (Persian: کاوه عليا‎ also Romanized as Kāveh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Deh Sefid (Persian: ده سفيد) also Romanized as Deh Sefīd) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 34 families.
 Qavamabad-e Chichaklu (Persian: قوام ابادچيچكلو‎ also Romanized as Qavāmābād-e Chīchaklū; also known as ChīChaklū Chūchaklū and Lakāh) is a village in Banesh Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 455 in 98 families.
 Fundul Galbenei is a commune in Hînceşti district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Fundul Galbenei located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of Chișinău. At the time of the 2004 census it had a population of 2507 people. The village was first mentioned in documents in 1632. A wooden church was built in the village in 1793 and rebuilt in 1819. The commune is mainly engaged in agriculture; Vietnamese pig breeding and honey and wine making are of note.
 Tara Nagar is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5698 and had 1066 houses.
 Mazrabad (Persian: مزراباد‎ also Romanized as Mazrābād and Marzābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the time of the 2006 census its population was 46 in 20 families.
 Leonów [lɛˈɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Rejowiec 11 km (7 mi) west of Chełm and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gangammagudi is a village located in SR Puram Mandalam of Chittoor district Andhra Pradesh India. The name of the village is derived from a famous local temple located in the village dedicated to Goddess Gangamma. It is a 40 min. drive from Chittoor.
 Bakırlı is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 189 people.
 Ruskowo [rusˈkɔvɔ] (German: Reuschwerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Masumabad (Persian: معصوم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ma‘şūmābād; also known as Ma‘şūmābād-e Qeshlāq) is a village in Cheshmeh Saran Rural District Cheshmeh Saran District Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 26 families.
 Bondar (Persian: بوندر‎; also known as Būndar) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 43 families.
 Przystań [ˈpʂɨstaɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Olszewo-Borki 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 106 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Sheykh Hasan (Persian: شيخ حسن‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩasan Shaikh Hasan and Sheikh Hasan; also known as Sheykh Khasan) is a village in Lahijan Rural District Khosrowshahr District Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2240 in 552 families.
 Diz Kuh (Persian: ديزكوه‎ also Romanized as Dīz Kūh and Diz Kooh; also known as Dīzgū) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 723 in 197 families.
 Sitapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3315 people living in 620 individual households.
 Mclean is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 Dowli Khanvan (Persian: دولي خانوان‎ also Romanized as Dowlī Khānvān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 47 families.
 Skarbkowa [skarpˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Sadkowice 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Majdan [ˈmai̯dan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szypliszki 26 km (16 mi) north of Suwałki and 132 km (82 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Moustier (Walloon: Moutiè) is a village and a former municipality (section de commune) in the province of Hainaut Belgium. It became part of the new municipality of Frasnes-lez-Anvaing on January 1 1977.
 Benešov u Semil is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Cham Arab (Persian: چم عرب‎ also Romanized as Cham ‘Arab; also known as Cham ‘Arab-e Āsh‘abān) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Klępnica [klɛmpˈɲit͡sa] (German: Glietzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Łobez and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 80.
 Jakubów [jaˈkubuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Imielno 10 km (6 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mrezhichko Burgas Province is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Qadamgah-e Hazrat-e Ali (Persian: قدمگاه حضرت علي‎ also Romanized as Qadamgāh-e Ḩaẕrat-e ‘Alī) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Tajanak-e Olya (Persian: تجنك عليا‎ also Romanized as Tajanak-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 53 families.
 Drahenice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Nazar Khan (Persian: نظرخان‎ also Romanized as Naz̧ar Khān; also known as Razvaliny Nezerkhan) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 34 families.
 Öğürlü is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Górskie [ˈɡurskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Mir Fazlollah (Persian: ميرفضل اله‎ also Romanized as Mīr Faẕlollāh and Mīr Fazlollāh; also known as Mīr Feyẕollāh) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 28 families.
 Hasanabad-e Gudarz (Persian: حسن آباد گودرز‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Gūdarz) is a village in Sara Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Layen-e Kohneh (Persian: لائين كهنه‎ also Romanized as Lāyen-e Kohneh) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 18 families.
 Madise is a village in Padise Parish Harju County Estonia. It is the birthplace of Bengt Gottfried Forselius.
 Šurić (Serbian: Шурић) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 128 people.
 Ashkan-e Sofla (Persian: اشكان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ashkān-e Soflá; also known as Ashkān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Kłosowice [kwɔsɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sieraków 12 km (7 mi) east of Międzychód and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rogoźnik [rɔˈɡɔʑnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 840.
 Wiślica [viˈɕlit͡sa] is a village in Gmina Skoczów Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of about 680 and lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 74 families.
 Grabiny [ɡraˈbinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Zbiczno 18 km (11 mi) north of Brodnica and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Esfurin-e Olya (Persian: اسفورين عليا‎ also Romanized as Esfūrīn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Esfūrīn-e Bālā Esfūrīn-e Rāstī and Esfūrīn Rāstī) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District Lalehzar District Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 14 families.
 Bharri is a village situated in the northeastern Bihar district of Katihar.Bharri comes under the constituency of Kadwa. It's Sub-divisional office at Barsoi and Block Development Officer(BDO)'s Office at Kumhari.
 Uska is a block and a small town in Siddharthnagar district of the Uttar Pradesh province of northern India near the border with Nepal.and this is now coming under the nagar palika.
 Pophali (Marathi: पोफळी) is a panchayat town in Chiplun taluka of Ratnagiri district in Maharashtra India. The town is known for its power plant which is a part of the Koyna Hydroelectric Project. It is also the last town in the Konkan side on the state highway (SH-78) that links the Konkan to the rest of Maharashtra. It is at the western end of the Kumbharli Ghat on this highway. Chiplun 15 km (9 mi) is the nearest big town.Pophali is also a surname in Maharashtra not very common though.
 Dziewięcierz [d͡ʑɛˈvʲɛnt͡ɕɛʂ] (Ukrainian: Дев'ятир Devyatyr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) east of Lubaczów and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Janowiec [jaˈnɔvʲɛt͡s] (German: Johnsbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bardo within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 the village belonged to the region of Silesia in Germany. Until 1946 the remaining German population was expelled.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bardo 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 72 kilometres (45 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 About this sound Chotěbuz (Polish: Kocobędz  German: Kotzobendz) is a village in Karviná District Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the border with Poland on the left bank of the Olza River in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia. It has 1033 inhabitants (2001 census) 21.3% of the population are the Poles.
 Murli is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Kedavoor is a village in Kozhikode district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Maudihan is a village in the Rohtas District of Bihar state India. It is 14 km north of Dehri-On-Sone an industrial city. It is located on Dehri-Patna road. Its beautiful village in the lap of nature.
 Sorkheh-ye Do (Persian: سرخه دو‎) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 17 families.
 Gaffarlar is a village in the District of Koçarlı Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 374 people.
 Stermas is a village in the municipality of Petrelë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Borkan (Persian: بركان‎ also Romanized as Borkān and Borakān; also known as Būrkūr) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1477 in 446 families.
 Zwola [ˈzvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Gniewoszów 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Kozienice and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Tell Qarah (Arabic: تلقراح‎) is a town in northern Syria administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate located north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Mayer to the west and Kafr Naya to the northwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Tell Qarah had a population of 2477 in the 2004 census.
 Donje Međurovo is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Głusko Małe [ˈɡwuskɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Mieczewo [mjɛˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mosina and 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village exists at least since the 13th century. Before the late 14the century a parish was established there.
 Noskovci is a village in Croatia.
 Eravipuram is a Village in Kollam Taluk in Kollam district.
 Ormangüzle is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 48 people.
 Kępa [ˈkɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubniany within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Łubniany and 6 km (4 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād and Hosein Abad; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Khodābandehlū and Husainābād) is a village in Deymkaran Rural District Salehabad District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 601 in 134 families.
 Ma'an (Arabic: معان‎ also spelled Maan) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located north of Hama. Nearby localities include Suran to the southwest Murik to the northwest al-Tamaanah to the north Atshan to the northeast Tuleisa to the east Fan al-Shamali to the southeast and Kawkab to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Ma'an had a population of 1561 in the 2004 census.
 Kiełczynek [kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Książ Wielkopolski 14 km (9 mi) east of Śrem and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 326.
 Varskhvaran (Persian: ورسخوران‎ also Romanized as Varskhvārān Varakshvārān Varaskhvāran and Vereskeh Vārān) is a village in Doboluk Rural District Arjomand District Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 141 families.
 Pimestiku is a village in Vaivara Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Yuz Bashi (Persian: يوزباشي‎ also Romanized as Yūz Bāshī; also known as Yoozbash Cha’i and Yūzmāshe) is a village in Shivanat Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 19 families.
 Uppala-guptam is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Myszowice [mɨʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Korfantów 16 km (10 mi) east of Nysa and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chmieleń Wielki [ˈxmjɛlɛɲ ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 109 km (68 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 130.
 Qanli Bolagh (Persian: قانلي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qānlī Bolāgh and Qānlū Bolāgh) is a village in Eypak Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 29 families.
 Abramy [aˈbramɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kałuszyn 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 55 km (34 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 60.
 Zaghanabad (Persian: زغن اباد‎ also Romanized as Zaghanābād; also known as Ziganab and Zīqānāb) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 61 families. The village was damaged in the 2012 East Azerbaijan earthquakes.
 Zemborzyce Wojciechowskie [zɛmbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ vɔi̯t͡ɕɛˈxɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sefid Sangan (Persian: سفيدسنگان‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Sangān; also known as Sefīd Sangān-e Lemīr) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 99 families.
 Razdol is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Ohařice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Słup [swup] (German: Schlaup) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Jawor and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 230.
 Perumbur Ist Sethi is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Nandipet is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Nandipet is around 25 km from Nizamabad. Palugugutta(Navasiddula Gutta) is a famous place in Nandipet mandal. There are 28 village panchayats in this mandal.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Obrowo and 18 km (11 mi) east of Toruń.
 Skórowo [skuˈrɔvɔ] (German Schurow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Potęgowo 33 km (21 mi) east of Słupsk and 74 km (46 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 253.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Shomali Rural District Marhemetabad District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 774 in 204 families.
 Jordalsgrenda is a small village in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway with approximately 60 inhabitants. The place is located in a small valley along the Sunndalsfjorden on the highway between Sunndalsøra and Molde and it is about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northwest of Øksendalsøra. The highway that runs through Jordalsgrenda has a long tunnel connecting it to Nesset Municipality to the north.
 Lipówka [liˈpufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Działoszyce 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Salarabad (Persian: سالاراباد‎ also Romanized as Sālārābād; also known as Jāmīn) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 562 in 135 families.
 Fitowo [fiˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Biskupiec 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Sham Siahan (Persian: شم سياهان‎ also Romanized as Sham Sīāhān) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 20 families.
 Bhdhegau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2078 living in 407 individual households.
 Stare Bolity [ˈstarɛ bɔˈlitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Miłakowo 32 km (20 mi) north of Ostróda and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Jura Kola (Persian: جوراكلا‎ also Romanized as Jūrā Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 959 in 245 families.
 Halsey is a village in Blaine and Thomas counties in the State of Nebraska. The population was 76 at the 2010 census.
 Endla is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Karaköy is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 100 people.
 Gavdasht (Persian: گاودشت‎ also Romanized as Gāvdasht) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kahduiyeh (Persian: كهدوئيه‎ also Romanized as Kahdū’īyeh and Kahdooyeh; also known as Khadu and Khātu) is a village in Kahduiyeh Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 742 in 219 families.
 Aliabad-e Shamshir Bar (Persian: علي ابادشمشيربر‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Shamshīr Bar Alīābād-e Shamshīr Bor and ‘Alīābād-e Shamshīr Bor; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 74 families.
 Bońkowo-Podleśne [bɔɲˈkɔvɔ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vilvamarathupatti is a village in the panchayat town of Vilathikulam in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The village is located in the hear of the Karisal Kaadu region. The area has black soil and a clay-like stickiness. The climate of Karisal Kaadu is semi-arid and has hot and dry summers. The temperature and humidity of the region are often high being close to the equator and around 25 kilometres (16 mi) from the shore.
 Hansapur is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4377 and had 818 houses in the town.
 Rapaty-Sulimy [raˈpatɨ suˈlimɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dudhnai (Assamese: দুধনৈ) is a taluk in Goalpara district Assam India.
 Musaharwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Deh-e Jamal (Persian: ده جمال‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Jamāl) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 66 families.
 Majhigawan (Hindi Bhojpuri मँझिगँव) is a village located in Rohtas District Bihar on the fertile Gangetic Plain. It has a picturesque and beautiful setting being located between the Sone River and the Kaimur Range of mountains on which there is lush tropical forest.Majhigawan is a famous village within the region and across Bihar due to the Mishra family. The majority of people in the village are Brahmins of Ghrit Kaushik Mishra gotra and are descended from Shri.
 Watadeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Arroyo del Medio (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Sandåker is a village in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the south-central part of the island of Løkta. It has the postal code 8813 Kopardal named after the neighboring village of Kopardal where the local ferry port is located. Historically the Sandåker area previously belonged to the municipality of Nesna but since 1 January 1962 it has belonged to Dønna. Løkta Church is located in Sandåker.
 Uwielinek [uvjɛˈlinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Zagaty [zaˈɡatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Chorzele 25 km (16 mi) north of Przasnysz and 113 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh-ye Akbar (Persian: مزرعه اكبر‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Akbar; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Bīsheh Akbar) is a village in Rabatat Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zagaje Dębiańskie [zaˈɡajɛ dɛmˈbjaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Działoszyce 16 km (10 mi) south of Pińczów and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Przesiadłów [pʂɛˈɕadwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Uniszki-Cegielnia [uˈniʂki t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Moturu is Kapu dominated village located near Gudivada in Krishna District. It is also called Chinna Badrachalam because of the famous Lord Rama temple located in the area. This village have the great history.Sri rama Navami is the biggest festival for Moturu village (Chinna Badrachalam) where the huge people participate in 3 days celebrations of Srirama Navami from so many places.
 Luleh (Persian: لوله‎ also Romanized as Lūleh; also known as Kūh Lūleh) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 27 families.
 Guzakestan (Persian: گوزكستان‎ also Romanized as Gūzakestān) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Sarhal-e Shirzadi (Persian: سرحال شيرزادي‎ also Romanized as Sarḩāl-e Shīrāzī) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 55 families.
 Yazdanabad-e Sofla (Persian: يزدان ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Yazdānābād-e Soflá; also known as Yazdānābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 979 in 240 families.
 Todorići (Trebinje) (Cyrillic: Тодорићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 New Alexandria is a village in Jefferson County Ohio United States. The population was 272 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Kozłów [ˈkɔzwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Głogówiec [ɡwɔˈɡuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Koligudda is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Hanbarwadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.Hanbarwadi has population of around 1000. This village is a part of Kognolli Gram Panchayat. The cast prevailing in the village is Hanbar. Village has a two temples one is of Hanuman and other one is of Lakshmi. Mallikarjun temple is about 2 km from the village. The famous Datta Mandir is about 1.5 km from the village.
 Rastičevo (Donji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Śnieżki [ˈɕɲeʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Boćki 21 km (13 mi) south of Bielsk Podlaski and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gaurivas is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4308 people living in 810 individual households.
 Nieradowo [ɲeraˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gołymin-Ośrodek 14 km (9 mi) east of Ciechanów and 73 km (45 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Dehnow (Persian: ده نو‎) is a village in Khondab Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 673 in 171 families.
 Akçabel is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Zimnica [ʑimˈnit͡sa] (German: Kaltvorwerk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Koszanowo [kɔʂaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Śmigiel 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Kościan and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sar Asiab (Persian: سراسياب‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb and Sar Āsyāb) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 7 families.
 Malek Alus (Persian: ملك الوس‎ also Romanized as Malek Alūs; also known as Alows and Alūs) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Kazimierzewo [kaʑimjɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Elbląg and 88 km (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 290.
 Delvino is a sparsely populated village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated in Rila mountain few kilometers east of Blagoevgrad.
 Garibord (Persian: گري برد‎ also Romanized as Garībord) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Strzyżewko [stʂɨˈʐɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Jaraczewo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Jarocin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Owraf (Persian: اوراف‎ also Romanized as Owrāf) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Upper Conference is a town in Saint Andrew Parish Grenada. It is located towards the northern end of the island along the eastern coast.
 Cheshmeh Kabud (Persian: چشمه کبود‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kabūd; also known as Sarcheshmeh-ye Kabūd) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 21 families.
 Łozice [wɔˈʑit͡sɛ] (formerly German Loist) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozielice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sar Chah-e Tazian (Persian: سرچاه تازيان‎ also Romanized as Sar Chāh-e Tāzīān; also known as Sar-i-Chāh and Sar Chāh) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 119 families.
 Kashk (Persian: كاشك‎ also Romanized as Kāshk) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 49 families. Further it is the region in which Kashk Hendessi found its recipes centuries ago.
 Yarem Qayah-e Olya (Persian: يارم قيه عليا‎ also Romanized as Yārem Qayah-e ‘Olyā Yārem Qayyah-e ‘Olyā and Yārem Qīyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Jarmi Kaleh Jermī Qal‘eh Qeshlaq-e Yāremqayeh Yarim Ghiyeh and Yārīm Qīyeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 58 families.
 Tangivar (Persian: تنگي ور‎ also Romanized as Tangīvar and Tangī Var; also known as Tang Gerāv Tang-i-Garao Tangūr and Tang Var) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 44 families.
 Vrtoče (Cyrillic: Врточе) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kareh Dasht Mar (Persian: كره دشت مار‎ also Romanized as Kareh Dasht Mār) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Addakurukki is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India. There are 233 households. Nearby industries include the Gangsaw Unity of Madhucon Granites Limited [1] which covers 25 acres of land.
 Kanchanapur is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5470 and had 859 houses in the town.
 Nieszkowice Małe [ɲɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 420.
 Mian Lat (Persian: ميان لات‎ also Romanized as Mīān Lāt) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 97 families.
 Goruh (Persian: گروه‎ also Romanized as Gorūh) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Naqiabad-e Nadar (Persian: نقي ابادندر‎ also Romanized as Naqīābād-e Nadar; also known as Naqīābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 44 families.
 Suri (Persian: سوري‎ also Romanized as Sūrī; also known as Sūr) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 54 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Samareh-ye Do (Persian: تلمبه ثمره2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye S̄amareh-ye Do) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dębinka [dɛmˈbinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Trzebiel 16 km (10 mi) west of Żary and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Pakdeh (Persian: پاكده‎ also Romanized as Pākdeh and Pāk Deh; also known as Pagodekh and Pākīdeh) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District Amarlu District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 210 families.
 Qaleh Nasir (Persian: قلعه نصير‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Naşīr Qal‘eh Nasīr and Qal‘eh-ye Naşīr; also known as Shahīd Rajā’ī) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 102 families.
 Kuyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كويه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kūyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 106 families.
 Dang Sarak (Persian: دنگ سرك‎ also Romanized as Dengesarak; also known as Dengesarak-e Yek) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2008 in 577 families.
 Zdrębowo [zdrɛmˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Stężyca 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 20.
 Kiikla is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Górki Pierwsze [ˈɡurki ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bela Voda is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1387 people.
 Cham Lameh-ye Osman (Persian: چم لمه عثمان‎ also Romanized as Cham Lameh-ye ʿOs̱mān) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 40 families.
 Marianów [maˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Iwaniska 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Opatów and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 260.
 Shëngjin Island ( in Albanian Ishulli Shëngjin) is a settlement in the Lezhë District northwestern Albania. It is part of the municipality Shëngjin.
 Przydworzyce [pʂɨdvɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Magnuszew 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 260.
 Roztoka [rɔsˈtɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 104.
 Otłoczynek [ɔtwɔˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 16 km (10 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 12.
 Nahr-e Dalli (Persian: نهردلي‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Dallī and Nahr-e Dalī) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 581 in 120 families.
 Kasčiūnai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 11 people.
 Sahlabad (Persian: سهل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sahlābād) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District Taghenkoh District Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rud Posht (Persian: رودپشت‎ also Romanized as Rūd Posht) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 745 in 187 families.
 Khersdar-e Sofla (Persian: خرسدرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Khersdar-e Soflá) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 600 in 134 families.
 Chal Bash (Persian: چالباش‎ also Romanized as Chāl Bāsh) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 9 families.
 Qush-e Azim (Persian: قوش عظيم‎ also Romanized as Qūsh-e ‘Az̧īm) is a village in Tajan Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1731 in 369 families.
 Baghu (Persian: باغو‎ also Romanized as Bāghū; also known as Bāghūcheh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yazıbaşı is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Sulge (Yellur) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Seh Chalun (Persian: سه چلون‎ also Romanized as Seh Chalūn) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gazneh (Persian: گزنه‎) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 25 families.
 Haftuman (Persian: هفتومان‎ also Romanized as Haftūmān and Haftowman; also known as Haft Tūmān) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 41 families.
 Szablewo [ʂaˈblɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dziemiany 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 68 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chimnebas is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5478 people living in 984 individual households.
 Hasanabad-e Kuh Gach (Persian: حسن ابادكوه گچ‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kūh Gach; also known as Ḩasanābād-e ‘Arab and Ḩasanābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 69 families.
 Rushagan (Persian: روشگان‎ also Romanized as Rūshagān; also known as Rūshakān) is a village in Qahan Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 14 families.
 Chah-e Mehdiabad (Persian: چاه مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mehdīābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Franciszków [franˈt͡ɕiʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Talveda is a village that falls under Nandipet Mandal which is part of the Municipal Corporation of Nizamabad district in the Telangana region of the Andhra Pradesh state India. Talveda is 5 kilometersto the east of Nandipet Mandal.
 Jatynka [jaˈtɨnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Bobolice 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 138 km (86 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kahbad-e Do (Persian: كهباددو‎ also Romanized as Kahbād-e Do; also known as Kūbād-e Morādī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1448 in 249 families.
 Ristivälja is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Sarab Gur-e Tuti (Persian: سرابگورطوطي‎ also Romanized as Sarāb Gūr-e Ţūţī; also known as Gūr Ţūţī and Kūr Ţūţī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 24 families.
 Žukovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 114 people.
 Godamchaur is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3868 in 645 individual households. It has 9 small wards in this village development committee. Saathali (ward 6) is mostly inhabited by Newars.
 Seyyed Hasan-e Hakim (Persian: سيدحسن حكيم‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩasan-e Hakīm) is a village in Shalahi Rural District in the Central District of Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 891 in 152 families.
 Faqestan (Persian: فقستان‎ also Romanized as Faqestān and Fāqestān) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 77 families.
 Qaleh Shahid (Persian: قلعه شهيد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Shahīd; also known as Qal‘eh-i-Khān Qal‘eh Khān and Qal‘eh-ye Khān) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1911 in 462 families.
 Varvandi-ye Kuchak (Persian: وروندي كوچك‎ also Romanized as Varvandī-ye Kūchak and Varūndī-ye Kūchak) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Chiconamel is a village (pueblo) in the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Chiconamel. In the 2005 INEGI Census the village of Chiconamel reported a total population of 1517.
 Kanjampatti is a village in Virudhunagar District Tamil Nadu India. It is south of Aruppukkottai. The village has big reservoir (kanmai) and vast paddy lands. The transportation is available from Aruppukkattai few times a day and is about 45 mins by public transportation. Most of the village residents migrated to populated cities and towns for industrial and government jobs.
 Hüsamettinköy Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Terliksiz is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Confine is a village (curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the municipality (castello) of Chiesanuova. Its name in Italian language means border.
 Khanekuk (Persian: خانكوك‎ also Romanized as Khanekūk; also known as Khanehkūk and Khāneh-ye Kūk) is a village and center of Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 926 in 259 families.
 Siedlisko [ɕeˈdliskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Darreh Sabz (Persian: دره سبز‎; also known as Darreh Gorg Darreh Gurg and Darreh-ye Gorg) is a village in Esfandan Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 42 families.
 Hoseyn Sara (Persian: حسين سرا‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 6 families.
 Ingeniero Luis A. Huergo is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Çakırhüyük is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.The village used to be named Keysun and contains the 12th century Crusader Fortress of Kaysun.
 Dąbrowa Mszadelska [dɔmˈbrɔva mʂaˈdɛlska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Dmosin 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Brzeziny and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kringler is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Rosići is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 316 people.
 Naserabad (Persian: ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāṣerābād) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khana Poshtan (Persian: خاناپشتان‎ also Romanized as Khānā Poshtān) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 20 families.
 Olszynki [ɔlˈʂɨŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kobiele Wielkie 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 87 km (54 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Birahgan (Persian: بيراهگان‎ also Romanized as Bīrāhgān; also known as Birahkan Bīr Āvgān and Bīr Hangān) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 37 families.
 Lakshminarasupeta is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Dąb [dɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Olsztynek and 27 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Cheshmeh Munes (Persian: چشمه مونس‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mūnes) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Takht-e Narm (Persian: تخت نرم‎) is a village in Majin Rural District Majin District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 13 families.
 Mystkowice [mɨstkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Łowicz and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bučje is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Konaty [kɔˈnatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Galewice within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Galewice 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 92 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Malgah (Persian: مل گاه‎ also Romanized as Malgāh; also known as Malgeh) is a village in Abdan Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 22 families.
 Grabówko [ɡraˈbufkɔ] (German: Klein Grabowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Nidzica and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 40.
 Shak Shichi (Persian: شك شيچي‎ also Romanized as Shak Shīchī) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 65 families.
 Owtar Mahalleh-ye Shirabad (Persian: اوتارمحله شيراباد‎ also Romanized as Owtār Maḩalleh-ye Shīrābād and Ūtār Maḩalleh-ye Shīrābād; also known as Ownār Maḩalleh) is a village in Haviq Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 135 families.
 Marajul (Persian: مراجول‎ also Romanized as Marājūl; also known as Marjal) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 106 families.
 Wyględów [vɨˈɡlɛnduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kaona is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 453 people.
 Mszanowo [mʂaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 400.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Mękarzów [mɛŋˈkaʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Moskorzew 20 km (12 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 235.
 Jeyhoonak-e Paeen (Persian: جیحونک پایین ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Szymany [ʂɨˈmanɨ] (German: Gross Schiemanen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Szczytno and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 550.According to Associated Press Szymany harbors a secret CIA prison.
 Keezhaiyur is a revenue village in the Karaikal taluk of Karaikal District. It is situated at a distance of about 6 kilometres south-east of Karaikal town and 2 kilometres east of Tirumalarajanpattinam commune.
 Chelannur is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Czeszów [ˈt͡ʂɛʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Zawonia 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Trzebnica and 33 kilometres (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 970.
 Bisarbhora is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3852 persons living in 715 individual households.
 Rudrur is a historical village in India. It is located at Varni Mandal in the Nizamabad district of Andhra Pradesh India. It has a population of over 20000 people.[citation needed] It is a major village in the Banswada Assembly Constituency.It is also considered as one of the Multicultural village in Banswada Constituency...It is also Considered as the one of main village Actively participated in Telangana movement.
 Savran is a village in the District of Sinanpaşa Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Kahkva is a village in Mikitamäe Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Łokacz Wielki [ˈwɔkat͡ʂ ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Krzyż Wielkopolski 40 km (25 mi) west of Czarnków and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Oymaklı is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Jamal Deh (Persian: جمال ده‎ also Romanized as Jamāl Deh) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 74 families.
 Azadrud (Persian: ازادرود‎ also Romanized as Āzādrūd) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 16 families.
 Peda Avutapalli is a modern village in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.Located 25 km distance from vijayawada the coastal hub and 16 km north of River Krishna. The Great Saint Joseph Thambi Shrine located here believed to cure many ailments. Every year there is a feast in the month of January from the 13th to 15th. His dedication work for poor and needy is well talked about.
 Dahaneh-ye Meymand (Persian: دهنه ميمند‎ also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Meymand; also known as Sar Dahaneh-ye Meymand) is a village in Fareghan Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 58 families.
 San Antonio Palopó is a municipality in the Sololá department of Guatemala. The village is on the eastern shore of Lake Atitlán. The lowest elevation is 1562 metres (5125 ft) at the shoreline. The people of the region are Cakchiquel Maya with a distinctive style of clothing. The patron saint of the village is St. Anthony of Padua. The annual festival takes place on 12 June.
 Deh-e Rajab (Persian: ده رجب‎) is a village in Sardshir Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 45 families.
 Burunkaya is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Nagaram is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal. It is about 7 km from Shamshabad International Airport. It takes just about 5 minutes on ORR to reach Nagaram exit point from Airport. It has advantage of close proximity to Airport as well Nagaram Village and Maheshwaram Mandal (ITIR region). A few connecting roads to Manasapally 'X' roads and Nagaram village are coming up fast and can pave way for further growth.
 Romanów [rɔˈmanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 60.
 Jaria (Persian: جريا‎ also Romanized as Jarīā Jereyā and Jeryā; also known as Girieh Girya and Gīryeh) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 57 families.
 Ukuwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Noskowo [nɔsˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Września and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bolemir (Persian: بلمير‎ also Romanized as Bolemīr and Bol Amīr; also known as Boneh Mīr and Bulamīr) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 755 in 181 families.
 Abpuneh (Persian: اب پونه‎ also Romanized as Ābpūneh; also known as Āb-i-Pina and Āb Pā’in) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 534 in 153 families.
 Chenar Hamam (Persian: چنارحمام‎ also Romanized as Chenār Ḩamām and Chinār Hamām) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 25 families.
 Chah-e Shomareh Yek Qareh Huz (Persian: چاه شماره (1) قره حوض‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh Yek Qareh Ḩūz̤; also known as Jabaleh-ye Now) is a village in Dasturan Rural District in the Central District of Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 401 in 102 families.
 Włosty [ˈvwɔstɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Regimin 11 km (7 mi) north of Ciechanów and 87 km (54 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Stara Wieś-Stasin [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ ˈstaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łęczna and 26 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 160.
 Turka [ˈturka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dorohusk 23 km (14 mi) east of Chełm and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 315.
 Hosszúvölgy is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Wola Zadybska-Kolonia [ˈvɔla zaˈdɨpska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Ryki and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 90.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 19 families.
 Musaabad-e Kashani (Persian: موسي ابادكاشاني‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād-e Kāshānī; also known as Mūsáābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 92 families.
 Bar Aftab-e Sofla (Persian: برافتاب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Soflá; also known as Bar Āftāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 8 families.
 Cham-e Sohrab Khani (Persian: چم سهراب خاني‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Sohrāb Khānī; also known as Cham Sohrāb and Sohrābkhānī) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 61 families.
 Çobanisa is a village in the District of Kuyucak Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1056 people.
 Safiabad (Persian: صفي اباد‎ also Romanized as Şafīābād; also known as Şūfīābād) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4305 in 986 families.
 Siah Lash (Persian: سياه لش‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Lash) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 107 families.
 yadaaladoddi also spelled as Yeddaldoddi (Basava pura)(Kannada: ಯದ್ದಲದೊಡ್ಡಿ ) is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Virakta matha of Sri Siddalinga swamiji is located in Yaddaladoddi . Yadaladoddi lies on Jawalagera-Olaballari road.
 Plains Technology Company (Persian: شركت كشت وصنعت دشت ارم‎ – Sherḵat-e Kesht vaṣanʿat Dasht Āram) is a company town and village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 12 families.
 Narkuh (Persian: ناركوه‎ also Romanized as Nārkūh; also known as Nārkū) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 9 families.
 Jasieniec [jaˈɕeɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedecz within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Przedecz 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Koło and 143 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zandberg is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Hulst and lies about 24 km southwest of Bergen op Zoom.The statistical area Zandberg which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 110.
 Mustapić is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 740 people.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1970 in 392 families.
 Orlište (Cyrillic: Орлиште) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pinapaka Patti Nagar is small village in Burgampahad mandal in Khammam district Andhra Pradesh. On one side of the village Kinnerasaani is there which is the tributary of Godavari river. Literacy rate in this village is 40-60%. Most of the people are dependent on fields. Total population of the village is 1693 (as per 2011 sensus) male population is 856 and female population is 837. Total ST population is 242(14.29%).
 Bługowo [bwuˈɡɔvɔ] (German: Wehlehof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Lipka 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Złotów and 125 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.
 Dubowo [duˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stężyca 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 44.
 Güde is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 197 people.
 Pishkeli Jan-e Pain (Persian: پيشكليجان پايين‎ also Romanized as Pīshkelī Jān-e Pā’īn; also known as Peshgel Jān-e Pā’īn and Pīshkījān) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 36 families.
 Guilladje is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Popgergevtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Jalameh (Persian: جلمه‎) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Kalateh-ye Mazinan (Persian: كلاته مزينان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mazīnān and Kalāteh Mazīnān and Kalāteh) is a village in Mazinan Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 154 families.
 The Incorporated Village of Lattingtown is a village located within the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County New York in the United States. The population was 1739 at the 2010 census. Initially Lattingtown was a marsh populated by Matinecock Indians who lived nearby. The Matinecocks sold the area in 1660 to Richard Latting and his son Josiah Latting. The Lattings sold marsh reeds for thatched-roof houses.
 Bačko Petrovo Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачко Петрово Село; Hungarian: Péterréve German: Batschko Petrovo Selo) is a village located in the Bečej municipality in the South Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbering 7318 people (2002 census).
 Darreh Mari-ye Babakan (Persian: دره ماري بابكان‎ also Romanized as Darreh Mārī-ye Bābakān; also known as Darreh Mārī) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 22 families.
 Khafr (Persian: خفر‎; also known as Khafār) is a village in Padena-ye Vosta Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1396 in 406 families.
 Bobrowniki [bɔbrɔvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies in northeastern corner of historic Lesser Poland approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Ryki and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kopalino [kɔpaˈlinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Łubianka [wuˈbjanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Przechlewo 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 109 km (68 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 55.
 Mishan-e Sofla (Persian: ميشان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mīshān-e Soflá; also known as Mishan and Mīshān-e Kūchek) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 75 families.
 Ahırlı is a village in the District of Ağaçören Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Radošiće is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 224 people.
 Samar Dasht (Persian: ثمردشت‎ also Romanized as S̄amar Dasht) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 25 families.
 Kordlar (Persian: كردلر‎; also known as Kūrtar) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 36 families.
 Bel-Air refers to both a private subdivision and gated community and a barangay in Makati City Philippines. To the north the village itself is bound by Neptune-Anza-Orion-Mercedes-Amapola Streets Estrella Street on the northeast Epifanio de los Santos Avenue on the southeast Jupiter Street on the southwest and Nicanor Garcia Street (formerly Reposo) on the northwest. It encompasses a total land area of 787234 square meters and is roughly shaped like a tobacco pipe.
 Güneytepe is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Purakin (Persian: پوركين‎ also Romanized as Pūrakīn) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kepu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Dizbin (Persian: ديزبين‎ also Romanized as Dīzbīn) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 63 families.
 Běchary is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) south of Jičín and 67 kilometres (42 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 8.76 square kilometres (3.38 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 238.First written notice about the village is from year 1290.
 Borzang (Persian: برزنگ‎) is a village in Fahraj Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 10 families.
 Seh Kileh (Persian: سه كيله‎ also Romanized as Seh Kīleh Seh Keyleh Seh Kheileh and Seh Kīlah) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 85 families.
 Nawalpur is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3647.
 Będziemyśl [bɛnˈd͡ʑɛmɨɕl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów Małopolski within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sędziszów Małopolski 12 km (7 mi) east of Ropczyce and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 900.
 Łążynek [wɔ̃ˈʐɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Mõisaaseme is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Risani (Persian: ريساني‎ also Romanized as Rīsanī) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 18 families.
 Tahmineh (Persian: تهمينه‎ also Romanized as Tahmīneh) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 35 families.
 Nowgiri (Persian: نوگيري‎ also Romanized as Nowgīrī; also known as Nogerī) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 29 families.
 Ballık is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Shabajpur is a village in Bangladesh located in Bralekha Maulvi Bazar. It is an old village of Maulvi Bazar District.
 Bierniki [bjɛrˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Sidra 21 km (13 mi) north of Sokółka and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Sunaula Bazar is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6480 and had 1233 houses in it.
 Radwanów [radˈvanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Kożuchów 16 km (10 mi) west of Nowa Sól and 15 km (9 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 461.
 Borovsko (Bulgarian: Боровско) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 189.883 kilometres (117.988 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 4.021 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 19 people.
 Mdzewo [ˈmd͡zɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Strzegowo 20 km (12 mi) south of Mława and 95 km (59 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Witaszyce [vitaˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Jarocin and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 4300.
 Gureliai is a village in Jonava district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 4 people.
 Nam-e Nik (Persian: نام نيك‎ also Romanized as Nām-e Nīk and Nām Nīk; also known as Nāmīn Nānik and Nānīn) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Kalpush District Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2682 in 588 families.
 Moasseseh-ye Hajj Mehdi Dowlati (Persian: موسسه حاج مهدي دولتي‎ also Romanized as Moasseseh-ye Ḩājj Mehdī Dowlatī) is a village in Mollasani Rural District in the Central District of Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brzeźno [ˈbʐɛʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Antoniówka [antɔˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Policzna 9 km (6 mi) north of Zwoleń and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh-ye Barani (Persian: مزرعه باراني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bārānī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 54 families.
 Chah-e Pudeh (Persian: چاه پوده‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pūdeh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vrbovljani is a village in Croatia.
 Paschat (Persian: پس چات‎ also Romanized as Paschāt) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 86 families.
 Qaleh-ye Now-e Kavar (Persian: قلعه نوكوار‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Now-e Kavār and Qal‘eh Now-e Kavār; also known as Ghal‘eh Now Kawar Qal‘eh Now and Qal‘eh-ye Now) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 55 families.
 Sucharzewo [suxaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Dąbrowa 10 km (6 mi) north of Mogilno and 43 km (27 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Nakatajhijh is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7190 persons living in 1246 individual households.
 Oconomowoc Lake is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 595 at the 2010 census.
 Bolbol (Persian: بلبل‎; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Bolbol) is a village in Kezab Rural District Khezrabad District Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bagh-e Doktor Mansur Zahadi (Persian: باغ دكترمنصورزاهدي‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Doktar Manşūr Zāhadī) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 10 families.
 Chruściel [ˈxruɕt͡ɕel] (German: Tiedmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Hasulazgi (Persian: حسولزگي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasūlazgī; also known as Ḩasūlazgū) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 16 families.
 Esmailabad Shur Qaleh-ye Pain (Persian: اسمعيل ابادشورقلعه پايين‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād Shūr Qal‘eh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 66 families.
 Parcz [part͡ʂ] (German Partsch sometimes Gross-Partsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Kętrzyn and 75 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). One of Adolf Hitler's food tasters Margot Wölk lived here for a time after her house in Berlin was bombed in 1942.
 Old Pera is a small fishing village in south-eastern Jamaica 15 minutes east of Morant Bay. The village is historic with mountain and Caribbean sea views.The area is known for its Cumina[citation needed] a ritual celebration of a recent death based on reverence for ancestors.
 Chinnaraviryala is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal.
 Ses Bardetes is a village in Formentera Balearic Islands Spain. It is located directly south of the capital of Sant Francesc Xavier.
 Bavlin (Persian: باولين‎ also Romanized as Bāvlīn; also known as Emamzadegan Ahmed va Mahmud (Persian: امامزادگان احمد و محمود) also Romanized as Emāmzādegān Āḥmed va Maḥmūd) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Grochów [ˈɡrɔxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Nowe Ostrowy 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Golice [ɡɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 93 km (58 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 515.
 Nowopole [nɔvɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bądkowo Kościelne [bɔntˈkɔvɔ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Płock and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 192.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 64 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت آباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād; also known as Ḩājjīābād-e Mollā Yaʿqūb) is a village in Harirud Rural District Bujgan District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 58 families.
 Geru Siah (Persian: گروسياه‎ also Romanized as Gerū Sīāh; also known as Gerūsīā) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 10 families.
 Parkani Lup (Persian: پركاني لوپ‎ also Romanized as Parkānī Lūp) is a village in Irafshan Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Qateh (Persian: قطعه‎ also Romanized as Qaţ‘eh; also known as Qaţ‘eh-ye Safārat) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qeshlaq-e Barzaliq (Persian: قشلاق برزليق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Barzalīq) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 58 families.
 Noj (Persian: نج‎; also known as Noch) is a village in Tatarestaq Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 111 families.
 Kędzierówka [kɛnd͡ʑɛˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Darreh Deh (Persian: دره ده‎) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Rogów [ˈrɔɡuf] (German Rogau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Grodków 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Brzeg and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mazraeh-ye Farah Bakhsh (Persian: مزرعه فرح بخش‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Faraḩ Bakhsh; also known as Faraḩ Bakhsh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abaresh (Persian: ابارش‎ also Romanized as Abāresh) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1104 in 313 families.
 Mowtowr-e Karam Shah (Persian: موتوركرم شاه‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Karam Shāh) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Gródek [ˈɡrudɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Jabłonna Lacka 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 108 km (67 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Valiabad (Persian: ولي اباد‎ also Romanized as Valīābād; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 34 families.
 Wrzoski [ˈvʐɔski] (German Wreske) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dąbrowa and 9 km (6 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 530.
 Kuchary Borowe [kuˈxarɨ bɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Rychwał 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Konin and 88 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rębiska [rɛmˈbiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szemud 19 km (12 mi) south of Wejherowo and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 305.
 Kosmy-Pruszki [ˈkɔsmɨ ˈpruʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sońsk 13 km (8 mi) south of Ciechanów and 64 km (40 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 58.
 Pohorniceni is a commune in Orhei district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Pohorniceni.
 Jukul Bandan (Persian: جوكول بندان‎ also Romanized as Jūkūl Bandān; also known as Jokleh Bandān Jokol Bandān Jokolmandān and Jowkol Bandān) is a village in Saravan Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 29 families.
 Letka is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tolombeh-ye Zangiabadi (Persian: تلمبه زنگي ابادي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Zangīābādī) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 8 families.
 Ballinascarty (Irish: Béal na Scairte) also known as Ballinascarthy is a village in West Cork Ireland.
 Pope is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Franklin is an affluent village in Southfield Township Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 3150 at the 2010 census. The community is known for large estate-style homes situated on ravines as well as its vintage downtown and cider mill.
 Bartków [ˈbartkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Zagnańsk and 11 km (7 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 572.
 Darreh Shur (Persian: دره شور‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shūr) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Pir Kahur (Persian: پيركهور‎ also Romanized as Pīr Kahūr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 40 families.
 Kalateh-ye Reza Khan (Persian: كلاته رضاخان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Reẕā Khān and Kalāteh-ye Rezā Khān; also known as Kalāteh and Kalāteh-ye Yūsef) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 37 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Heydari (Persian: تلمبه حيدري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩeydarī) is a village in Baghin Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qeshlaq-e Qaravgholi Jabar (Persian: قشلاق قراوغلي جبار‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qarāvgholī Jabār) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 19 families.
 Krotoszyn [krɔˈtɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-east of Barcin 18 km (11 mi) east of Żnin and 31 km (19 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 527.
 Kachal (Persian: کچل‎) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 22 families.
 Sar Hammam-e Abu ol Hasan (Persian: سرحمام ابوالحسن كلا‎ also Romanized as Sar Ḩammām-e Abū ol Ḩasan Kolā) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 105 families.
 Sovjak (Serbian: Совјак) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Racław [ˈrat͡swaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogdaniec within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bogdaniec and 11 km (7 mi) west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 310.
 Ostrów Kaliski [ˈɔstruf kaˈliski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south of Kalisz and 130 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Piple is a Village Development Committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1613 people residing in 285 individual households.
 Vakil Qeshlaq (Persian: وكيل قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Vakīl Qeshlāq; also known as Qishlaqs Tāzeh Qeshlāq Vakil-Kishlaki Vakīl Qeshlāqī and Vakīl Qeshlāqī) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Rabrovo is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1219 people.
 Bardeh Rashan (Persian: برده رشان‎ also Romanized as Bardeh Rashān) is a village in Mokriyan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 579 in 102 families.
 Nowe Szpaki [ˈnɔvɛ ˈʂpaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Łosice and 131 km (81 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Sondaw is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Qul Darreh (Persian: قول دره‎ also Romanized as Qūl Darreh; also known as Qūlahdarreh) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 35 families.
 Kostadinite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Bayt ʿIṭāb (Arabic: بيت عطاب‎) was a Palestinian village located in the Jerusalem Subdistrict. The village was captured depopulated of its residents and demolished by Israel during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.
 Qarah Gol (Persian: قره گل‎; also known as Qareh Gol-e Qūkh) is a village in Emam Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Sachalin [saˈxalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Tuczępy 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Sarenjelak (Persian: سرنجلك‎ also Romanized as Serenjelak; also known as Sar Anjīlak) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 109 families.
 Emamzadeh (Persian: امام زاده‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh; also known as Emāmzādeh Qāsem) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 11 families.
 Vojnik is a village situated in Despotovac municipality in Serbia.
 Maharzir (Persian: مهارزير‎ also Romanized as Mahārzīr) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vaspul (Persian: واسپول‎ also Romanized as Vāspūl) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Koleśne [kɔˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Cridersville /ˈkraɪdərzvɪl/is a village in Auglaize County Ohio United States. The population was 1852 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Wapakoneta Ohio Micropolitan Statistical Area.It is a rural community with only a few businesses to serve local residents and surrounding farmers.
 Ramgopalpur is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6835 people living in 1353 individual households.
 Lipa is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sharegeh (Persian: شرگه‎ also Romanized as Shargah and Shargeh; also known as Sharkah and Sharkeh) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 16 families.
 Strzałkowice [stʂau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Schützendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ruja 21 km (13 mi) east of Legnica and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 130.
 Tikan (Persian: تيكن‎ also Romanized as Tīkan and Tīken) is a village in Nivan Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 403 in 126 families.
 Rustai-ye Shahid Saidi (Persian: روستاي شهيد سعيدي‎ also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Shahīd Sa‘īdī; also known as Shahīd Sa‘īdī) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 62 families.
 Bid Bidak (Persian: بيدبيدك‎ also Romanized as Bīd Bīdak) is a village in Surmaq Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Anarestan (Persian: انارستان‎ also Romanized as Ānārestān; also known as Ānārsen) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 16 families.
 Stare Zambrzyce [ˈstarɛ zamˈbʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Imanlu (Persian: ايمانلو‎ also Romanized as Īmānlū) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 38 families.
 Wrzosów [ˈvʐɔsuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Jedlnia-Letnisko 10 km (6 mi) east of Radom and 91 km (57 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mochała [mɔˈxawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Herby within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lubliniec and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 193.
 Saghirlu (Persian: صغيرلر‎ also Romanized as Şaghīrlū; also known as Şagharlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 15 families.
 Kobyle [kɔˈbɨlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Stara Kiszewa 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 283.
 Dębina [dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Kleszczów 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chawanni is a small town located in the Village development committee of Beldandi that supplies the most goods for the local people. These goods are mainly traded from nearby Indian towns and Mahendranagar.
 Zarrin Chogha-ye Sofla (Persian: زرين چقاسفلي‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Choghā-ye Soflá Zarrīn Chaghā-ye Soflá and Zarrīn Choqā-ye Soflá; also known as Shahrak-e Jadīd-e Zarrīn Choqā-ye Soflá Zarrīn Chaghā Bālā and Zarrīn Choqā) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Shahrak-e Danial-e Shush (Persian: شهرك دانيال شوش‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Dānīāl-e Shūsh; also known as Shahrak-e Dānīāl) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2412 in 478 families.
 Finnkongkeila was a fishing village in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village was located on the eastern part of the Nordkinn Peninsula on the shores of the Tanafjorden. The village was abandoned in 1944 after the burning of the village during the German withdrawal from Finnmark during their retreat near the end of World War II.
 Borek Kamienny [ˈbɔrɛk kaˈmjɛnnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Sulęczyno 30 km (19 mi) west of Kartuzy and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 64.
 Mazraeh-ye Akarmi (Persian: مزرعه اكرمي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ākramī) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 5 families.
 Kowalewo-Skorupki [kɔvaˈlɛvɔ skɔˈrupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.Kowalewo-Skorupki - a village in Poland located in Mazowieckie Sierpc in the county the municipality Gozdowo. Kowalewo-Skorupki was in the past part of the local gentry called Kowalewo. In the thirteenth century there were already settlements called Kowalewo (the establishment of the parish in Gozdowo in 1305).
 Bucakköy is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Marchocice [marxɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Racławice 12 km (7 mi) east of Miechów and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 220.
 Hajjiabad-e Bala (Persian: حاجي ابادبالا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Bālā) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Jamal Kandi (Persian: جمال كندي‎ also Romanized as Jamāl Kandī) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 15 families.
 Kuku is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Sarab-e Dowkal (Persian: سراب دوكل‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Dowkāl Sarāb Do Kal Sarāb Dukāl and Sarāb-e Do Kal; also known as Sarab Dogol) is a village in Sis Rural District Bolbanabad District Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 32 families.
 Zeytinçukuru is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated to the west of Mut on the road to Ermenek at 36°35′N 33°20′E. Its distance to Mut is 19 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 179 kilometres (111 mi). The population of the village was 117 as of 2012.
 Maniyat is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Gwallek is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2971 and had 549 houses in the village.
 Hasanabad-e Shandak (Persian: حسن ابادشندك‎ also Romanized as Hasanābād-e Shandak; also known as Shāndak Shandak Shandak Ghal‘eh Bīd Shandak Morad Abad and Shandaq) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Dehigastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Parchów [ˈparxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Chocianów 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Polkowice and 86 kilometres (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Piaski-Drużków [ˈpjaski ˈdruʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czchów within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Czchów 18 km (11 mi) south of Brzesko and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Tall-e Gav (Persian: تل گاو‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Gāv) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 608 in 126 families.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 23 families.
 Agragon is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Ankola taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Chah Abi-ye Ki Mohammad (Persian: چاه ابي كي محمد‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ābī-ye Kī Moḩammad) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Trębin [ˈtrɛmbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Teodorówka [tɛɔdɔˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 153.
 Ugniewo [uɡˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 93 km (58 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 810.
 Palešnik is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D45 highway.
 Zavang-e Sofla (Persian: زاونگ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zāvang-e Soflá; also known as Zāvang-e Pā’īn) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 113 families.
 Wodźki [ˈvɔt͡ɕki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Inman is a village in Holt County Nebraska United States. The population was 129 at the 2010 census. The community is named after W.H. Inman a merchant.
 Jowrni (Persian: جورني‎ also Romanized as Jowrnī; also known as Jornī) is a village in Baranduz Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 62 families.
 Luboszyce [lubɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubniany within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Łubniany and 8 km (5 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Hichma is a small town in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the town had a population of 3964 living in 727 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 4464 of which 28% was literate.
 Bahmani (Persian: بهمني‎ also Romanized as Bahmanī; also known as Kūhmenī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 681 in 138 families.
 Kanagal is a village in Mysore district Karnataka. It is the birthplace of Puttanna Kanagal.
 Thạnh Trung is a commune (xã) and village in Cái Nước District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Żerniki [ʐɛrˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Jahadabad Taleqani-ye Chah Shomareh-ye Yek (Persian: جهادابادطالقاني چاه شماره يك‎ also Romanized as Jahādābād Ţāleqānī-ye Chāh Shomāreh-ye Yek) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kaskikot (Nepali: कास्कीकोट) is a village of Kaski District of Gandaki Zone Nepal. Kaski district was name from the same VDC. It was one of the kingdom during 22/24 Municipalities era. This village is the start point of Shah Dynasty in Nepal. A remain palace still exists as one of the recognized Hindu Shrine just on the top of the hill. During Dasain holidays various cultural events take place there.It just lies north of Fewa Lake and West of Pokhara after Sarangkot.
 Sherang Rang-e Murzard (Persian: شرانگ رنگ مورزرد‎ also Romanized as Sherāng Rang-e Mūrzard; also known as Sherang Rang) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 20 families.
 Tondpalli is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.
 Rajska (Cyrillic: Рајска) is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jajkowo [jai̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Brzozie 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Brodnica and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 600.
 Pomień [ˈpɔmjɛɲ] (formerly German Pammin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Recz 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Choszczno and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Valsøyfjord is a village and a former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the Arasvikfjorden just west of the Valsøyfjorden. The European route E39 highway runs through the village just west of the Valsøy Bridge. There are about 800 people living in Valsøyfjord and the area surrounding the local Valsøyfjorden and most of the people are working in agriculture and public services.
 Achalu (Kanakapura) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kanakapura taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Tingla is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3738 people living in 710 individual households.
 Sheykh ol Eslam (Persian: شيخ الاسلام‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ol Eslām) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 23 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Shahr Meyan Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Toptaş Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Wola Wiązowa [ˈvɔla vjɔ̃ˈzɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Rusiec 32 km (20 mi) west of Bełchatów and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 360.
 Gusheh (Persian: گوشه‎ also Romanized as Gūsheh) is a village in Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 952 in 227 families.
 Kuźnica Ligocka [kuʑˈnit͡sa liˈɡɔt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Korfantów 25 km (16 mi) east of Nysa and 26 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 437.
 Sieroszów [ɕeˈrɔʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 58 kilometres (36 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Matiaszówka [matjaˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Tuczna 34 km (21 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 89 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Soćki [ˈsɔt͡ɕki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wodynie 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 72 km (45 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dar Tang-e Olya (Persian: درتنگ عليا‎ also Romanized as Dar Tang-e ‘Olyā; also known as Darreh Tang-e ‘Olyā Darreh Tang Darreh Tang-e Kahmān-e Bālā Darreh Tang-e Kahmān-e ‘Olyā Dar Tang-e Kahmān Dar Tang-i-Kehmān and Kahmān) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 474 in 94 families.
 Liszkowice [liʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rojewo 16 km (10 mi) north of Inowrocław 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Toruń and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Nowa Bystrzyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Kłodzko and 98 kilometres (61 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Banjevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бањевац) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 500 in 2002.
 Shafiabad (Persian: شفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Shafī‘ābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Deraz Darreh (Persian: درازدره‎ also Romanized as Derāz Darreh) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 54 families.
 Darband-e Sofla (Persian: دربندي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Darband-e Soflá; also known as Darbandī-ye Soflá and Darband-e Pā’īn) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 96 families.
 Kyauktan is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Marripadu is a village and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is located at the border of Nellore District. It produces tobacco. It is on the banks of small river called Boggeru. Somasila Project Udayagiri are the adjacent tourist places.
 Delijeh (Persian: دليجه‎ also Romanized as Delījeh) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 919 in 170 families.
 Zalužje is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karimpuzha-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Karimpuzha-I and Karimpuzha-II are administered by the Karimpuzha gram panchayat.
 Petrovac is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 389 people.
 Stary Kraszew [ˈstarɨ ˈkraʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klembów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 340.
 Kelagar Mahalleh (Persian: كلاگرمحله‎ also Romanized as Kelāgar Maḩalleh) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1335 in 356 families.
 Kıyıköy formerly Midye ancient/medieval Medea (Greek: Μήδεια) is a village in the district of Vize in Kırklareli Province at northwestern Turkey. It is situated on the coast of the Black Sea. It is 36 km (22 mi) far from the district center and 95 km (59 mi) away from the province center. The village became a municipality in 1987. The population of Kıyıköy is 2077 according to the 2010 National Census.Fishing and forestry are the main ways of living in addition to tourism in the summer.
 Henidar-e Mafruzeh (Persian: هنيدرمفروضه‎ also Romanized as Henīdar-e Mafrūz̤eh; also known as Henīdar-e Mafrāẕeh and Henīdar-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 27 families.
 Bagh Keramt Ajaghi (Persian: باغ كرامت اجاغي‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Kerāmt Ājāghī) is a village in Sefidar Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Słupia [ˈswupja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Debrzno 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Człuchów and 125 km (78 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 421.
 Lorevilko is a village in northeast Espiritu Santo Sanma Province Vanuatu. The name comes from the East Santo language and means wild kava.The village is in a rain shadow making it a relatively dry place with little malaria and little water. In 2005 the British High Commission donated several water tanks to help the villagers have enough water to drink.
 Talhata is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the south of the district where it borders Kashmir (Muzaffarabad District).
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manṣūrābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 300 in 70 families.
 Gwieździn [ˈɡvjɛʑd͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rzeczenica 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 118 km (73 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 375.
 Park Jangli Savkan (Persian: پارك جنگلي سوكان‎ also Romanized as Pārḵ Janglī Savḵān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād) is a village in Khaveh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czajewszczyzna [t͡ʂajɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Qelech Khan Kandi (Persian: قلچ خان كندي‎ also Romanized as Qelech Khān Kandī; also known as Qelīchkhān Kandī and Qelīch Khān Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 82 families.
 Papiun (Persian: پاپيون‎ also Romanized as Papīūn Pāpīān and Pāpeyān) is a village in Zhan Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Daniyal (Arabic: دانيال‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War on July 10 1948 by the Yiftach Brigade under the first phase of Operation Dani. It was located 5 km east of Ramla and southeast of Lydda.In 1945 it had a population of 410. An elementary school for boys which is still standing today was founded in 1945 and had an enrollment of 55 students. A shrine for al-Nabi Daniyal is also still intact.
 Wierzchy Kluckie [ˈvjɛʂxɨ ˈklut͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluki within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kluki 9 km (6 mi) west of Bełchatów and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chah-e Shafi Mohammad (Persian: چاه شفيع محمد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shafīʿ Moḩammad) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Međeđe Brdo is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dehuiyeh (Persian: دهوئيه‎ also Romanized as Dehū’īyeh and Dehoo’eyeh) is a village in Raviz Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Lingadal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ashik Aghasi (Persian: اشيك اغاسي‎ also Romanized as Āshīk Āghāsī) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1181 in 325 families.
 Sielec [ˈɕɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wiślica 12 km (7 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Fishom (Persian: فيشم‎ also Romanized as Fīshom) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 61 families.
 Qaryeh-ye Teymur (Persian: قريه تيمور‎ also Romanized as Qaryeh-ye Teymūr) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 41 families.
 Ulukışla Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Pethalur (Kannada: ಹಳ್ಳಿಗುಡಿ) is a village in the Gadag district of Karnataka State in India.
 Govindapuram is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Khemalapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Gözpınar is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 344 people.
 Henryków [xɛnˈrɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Małogoszcz 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Sadat-e Nejat Kuchak (Persian: سادات نجات كوچك‎ also Romanized as Sādāt-e Nejāt Kūchak) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Sokola Góra [sɔˈkɔla ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wielgomłyny 27 km (17 mi) east of Radomsko and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bayat is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Depeh (Persian: دپه‎ also Romanized as Debeh) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 6 families.
 Grodziszów [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Święta Katarzyna and 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Qater Yuran-e Olya (Persian: قاطريوران عليا‎ also Romanized as Qāţer Yūrān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Yadī Qārdāsh (Persian: يدي قارداش) Qāţer Yūrān-e Bālā and Sālār Qeshlaqī) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Çimeli is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Tolombeh-ye Rasulabad (Persian: تلمبه رسول اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rasūlābād; also known as Rasūlābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 9 families.
 Zielęcin [ʑɛˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Rząśnia 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Pajęczno and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Negbina is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 475 people.
 Taevaskoja (Võro: Taivaskua) is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia known for its outcrops of Devonian sandstone on the banks of Ahja river.
 Przybysławice [pʂɨbɨswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Klimontów 19 km (12 mi) west of Sandomierz and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Kosowy [kɔˈsɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niwiska within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Niwiska 10 km (6 mi) west of Kolbuszowa and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 844.
 Świniary [ɕfiˈɲarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krzynowłoga Mała 21 km (13 mi) north of Przasnysz and 110 km (68 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Vysoký Chlumec is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Comandante Andresito is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Kushkan (Persian: كوشكن‎ also Romanized as Kūshkan Kowshkān and Kūshkān; also known as Kūshgān Kushkana Kushkand and Kūshkīn) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 109 families.
 Poshteh-ye Kavaru (Persian: پشته كوارو‎ also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Kavārū) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Posht Ju (Persian: پشت جو‎ also Romanized as Posht Jū and Posht Jow; also known as Shahīd Raḩīmī-ye Yek and Shahīd Raḩīmī-ye Yek va Do) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Deh Bal (Persian: ده بال‎ also Romanized as Deh Bāl; also known as Vardeh) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Mielupiai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 23 people.
 Przezchlebie [pʂɛsˈxlɛbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Zbrosławice 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 843.
 Cham Qabrestan (Persian: چم قبرستان‎ also Romanized as Cham Qabrestān) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 18 families.
 Antoniewo Górne [antɔˈɲɛvɔ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Skoki 17 km (11 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 19.
 Jeziorko [jɛˈʑɔrkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokrsko within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mokrsko 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Wieluń and 99 km (62 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tuczempy [tuˈt͡ʂɛmpɨ] (Ukrainian: Тучапи Tsaryns’ke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Jarosław and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Augustówek [auɡusˈtuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Czosnów 28 km (17 mi) east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 16 km (10 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Krčevine (Kiseljak) is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Emamzadeh-ye Hoseyn Asghar (Persian: امامزاده حسين اصغر‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh-ye Ḩoseyn Āṣghar) is a village in Barzanun Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 7 families.
 Bulca is a village in the District of Sinanpaşa Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Virapandianpattanam or Virapandianpatnam a village on the south-eastern coast of Indian peninsular near Thiruchendur Thoothukudi District Tamil Nadu. Many people of this village were converted to Roman Catholicism by St. Francis Xavier by 1544.
 Lubiatowo [lubjaˈtɔvɔ] (German: Liebendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dolsk 10 km (6 mi) south of Śrem and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 250.
 Podgać [ˈpɔdɡat͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabrodzie within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Zabrodzie 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Wyszków and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Chaqa Seyf ol Din (Persian: چقاسيف الدين‎ also Romanized as Chaqā Seyf ol Dīn; also known as Chagha Seifoddin Chaqā Seyf od Dīn Chegā Seyf ed Dīn Chogā Seyf od dīn Choqā Seyf od Dīn Chūb-e Safīdān and Chūgheh Safīdain) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 221 families.
 Sheykh Ali Tuseh (Persian: شيخعلي توسه‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Alī Ţūseh and Sheykh ‘Alī Tūseh and Sheikh Ali Tooseh; also known as Shaghāltūsh Shākaltūsh and Shekhaltuse) is a village in Blukat Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 115 families.
 Waćmierek [vat͡ɕˈmjɛrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Tczew and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 143.
 Sarnowice [sarnɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Otmuchów 15 km (9 mi) west of Nysa and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 270.
 Sarabeh (Persian: سرابه‎ also Romanized as Sarābeh) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 17 families.
 Pelakot is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5537 people living in 1017 individual households.
 Chah-e Reza Aqa (Persian: چاه رضااقا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Reẕā Āqā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Kayı is a village in the District of Güdül Ankara Province Turkey.
 Zagheh-ye Ali Karam (Persian: زاغه علي كرم‎ also Romanized as Zāgheh-ye ‘Alī Karam and Zāgheh ‘Alī Karam) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 24 families.
 Sąpy [ˈsɔmpɨ] (German: Sumpf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Młynary 22 km (14 mi) east of Elbląg and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Malikpur is a village in Phagwara Tehsil in Kapurthala district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Qeshlaq-e Shah Khanem Gol Aqa (Persian: قشلاق شاه خانم گل اقا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Shāh Khānem Gol Āqā) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yukarıçaybelen Bayat is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Cankara is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Skokówka [skɔˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Zamość and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 410.Jan Zamoyski Grand Hetman of the Crown was born in Skokówka in 1542
 Wyszakowskie Huby [vɨʂaˈkɔfskʲɛ ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zaniemyśl 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bystra-Osiedle [ˈbɨstra ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 12 km (7 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 320.
 Ligota [liˈɡɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Raszków 15 km (9 mi) north of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 87 km (54 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tillicoultry Sri Lanka is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pirgol (Persian: پيرگل‎ also Romanized as Pīrgol) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 50 families.
 Eynabad (Persian: عين اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eynābād and ‘Aīnābād) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1401 in 345 families.
 Amir Dizaj (Persian: اميرديزج‎ also Romanized as Amīr Dīzaj and Amīrdīzaj; also known as Ālā Kūzeh and Ālāgūzeh) is a village in Qebleh Daghi Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1018 in 188 families.
 Dobrinovo is a village in Karnobat Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Talapady (Kannada Tulu: ತಲಪಾಡಿ ) (Talapadi) is a village in Mangalore taluk of the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state in India. Talapady borders the state of Kerala. National Highway 17 (NH-17) connecting Mangalore (Kudla or Mangaluru) with Uppala and Kasaragod passes through it. There is a checkpost here.There is a Durga Parameshwari temple in nearby Kinya village.
 Girouxville /ˈʒɪrʊvɪl/ is a village in northern Alberta Canada located 58 kilometres (36 mi) south of the town of Peace River.
 Ganj-e Qobad (Persian: گنج قباد‎ also Romanized as Ganj-e Qobād and Ganj Qobād) is a village in Qombovan Rural District in the Central District of Dehaqan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 22 families.
 Chojnowo [xɔi̯ˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tolkmicko within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Tolkmicko 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Elbląg and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mal-e Mohammad Abdal Ali (Persian: مال محمدعبدالعلي‎ also Romanized as Māl-e Moḩammad ʿAbdāl ʿAlī; also known as Mal Mohammad Abd Ali Māl-e ‘Abd ‘Alī Māl-e Moḩammad and Moḩammad ‘Abd ‘Alī) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Krzywystok [kʂɨˈvɨstɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Komarów-Osada 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Zamość and 91 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tolombeh-ye Morteza Khan (Persian: تلمبه مرتضي خان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Morteẕá Khān) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Shah Pahneh (Persian: شاه پهنه‎ also Romanized as Shāh Pahneh and Shāpahneh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 12 families.
 Alhak (Persian: الهك‎ also Romanized as Elhak) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 19 families.
 Bağcılar is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Rendadi (Tamil: இரண்டாடி) is a village in Vellore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Hesar-e Gapuchi (Persian: حصارگاپوچي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Gāpūchī; also known as Ḩeşār-e Qāpūchī) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 17 families.
 Pierzyska [pjɛˈʐɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Łubowo 9 km (6 mi) west of Gniezno and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cieśle [ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ] (German: Zessel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 33 kilometres (21 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Szczepanowice [ʂt͡ʂɛpanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Gorzkowice 19 km (12 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hayawt is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Sefideh Khvan (Persian: سفيده خوان‎ also Romanized as Sefīdeh Khvān and Sefīdah Khvān; also known as Esperaj Khvan Espareh Khvān Sefīdeh Khān and Sefīd Khvān) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2213 in 548 families.
 Markeh (Persian: مركه‎; also known as Mūkeh and Mārkā) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 42 families.
 Rinkovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D508 highway.
 Annampatla is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Baba Rekab (Persian: باباركاب‎ also Romanized as Bābā Rekāb) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 28 families.
 Lambuh is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.Lambuh Knoll on Trinity Peninsula in Antarctica is named after the village.
 Div Koti (Persian: ديوكتي‎ also Romanized as Dīv Kotī) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 658 in 179 families.
 Oblin-Korczunek [ˈɔblin kɔrˈt͡ʂunɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Maciejowice 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Şiremirtabaklar is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 217 people.
 Odechów [ɔˈdɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Grabów 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mieczki-Abramy [ˈmjɛt͡ʂki aˈbramɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Troszyn 21 km (13 mi) east of Ostrołęka and 105 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Rownaq (Persian: رونق‎) is a village in Hombarat Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Shibaragatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Karian Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 53 families.
 Gowy Daraq-e Olya (Persian: گوي درق عليا‎ also Romanized as Gowy Daraq-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gowy Daraq-e Bālā) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 10 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Vakilabad-e Diyanati (Persian: تلمبه وكيل ابادديانتي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Vakīlābād-e Dīyānatī; also known as Vakīlābād-e Dīyānatī) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Škrip is a village in Croatia. It is the oldest settlement on the island Brač.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Słupca and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kolah Kabud (Persian: كله كبود‎ also Romanized as Kolah Kabūd; also known as Gol Kabūd-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District in the Sivan District of Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 70 families.
 Bostan Rud Sharaf (Persian: بستان رود شرف‎ also Romanized as Bostān Rūd Sharaf; also known as Bostān Rūd Sharaf and Bostān Rūd-e Soflá) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 46 families.
 Jeffersonville is a village in Sullivan County New York United States. The population was 359 at the 2000 census. The name is derived indirectly from Thomas Jefferson.The Village of Jeffersonville is in the southeast part of the Town of Callicoon on NY 52. The postal code is 12748. The Village of Jeffersonville is home to the Sullivan West Central School elementary.
 Alk (Persian: الك‎ also Romanized as Alak and Alek) is a village in Shahu Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1206 in 280 families.
 Kriimani is a village in Haaslava Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Panthini (village code 578306) is a village in Wardhannapet mandal Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is located to the south of Warangal and north of the village of Wardhannapet alongside Warangal-Khammam Road.
 Hesar-e Shaveh (Persian: حصارشاوه‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Shāveh and Ḩeşār Shāveh) is a village in Nabovat Rural District in the Central District of Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 25 families.
 Sakule (Serbian Cyrillic: Сакуле) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Opovo municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(9482%) and its population numbering 2048 people (2002 census).
 Kuy Parian (Persian: كوئ پريان‎ also Romanized as Kūy Parīān) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khomeyniabad (Persian: خميني اباد‎ also Romanized as Khomeynīābād) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 17 families.
 Devisthan is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6151 and had 1247 houses in the town.
 Nowdeh (Persian: نوده‎; also known as Nowdīyeh) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 60 families.
 Dobrapomoc [dɔbraˈpɔmɔt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Although in the years 1975-1998 Dobrapomoc was administratively in Szkaradowo.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Pogorzela 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Gostyń and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań. The name Dobrapomoc translates into English as GoodHelp .
 Dimeh Darb (Persian: ديمه درب‎ also Romanized as Dīmeh Darb Deymeh Darb and Deymeh Derb; also known as Deyme Derb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 19 families.
 Lakatoro is the capital of Malampa Province of the island country of Vanuatu.It is situated on the eastern shore of Malakula and is the largest settlement in that island.
 Rayappanur (ராயப்பனுர் ) is a village in Viluppuram district Tamil Nadu India.
 Ignaców Szlachecki [iɡˈnat͡suf ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) west of Łęki Szlacheckie 25 km (16 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zachybie [zaˈxɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.The village has a population of 90.
 Jelačići (Serbian: Јелачићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād Saiyidābād and Seydābād; also known as Seyyedābād-e Nagnān) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 57 families.
 Frydrychowo [frɨdrɨˈxɔvɔ] (German: Friedrichsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wąbrzeźno and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 80.
 Mahuteh (Persian: ماهوته‎ also Romanized as Māhūteh) is a village in Cham Kabud Rural District Sarab Bagh District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 33 families.
 See El Mansurah (disambiguation) for other sites with similar names.Al-Mansura (Arabic: المنصوره‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was located 31 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Safad on the Banyas River to the south of what is now Dafna.
 Spoluka (Bulgarian: Сполука) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 183.076 kilometres (113.758 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 3.4 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 36 people.Spoluka Point on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land Antarctica is named after the village.
 Kurmidda is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal.
 Wólka Kuligowska [ˈvulka kuliˈɡɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Poświętne 24 km (15 mi) north of Opoczno and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tovah Khoshkeh (Persian: توه خشكه‎ also Romanized as Tūvah Khoshkeh and Tūveh Khoshkeh; also known as Tūy Khoshkeh and Tovah Khoshkeh-ye Shekar) is a village in Kunani Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1153 in 222 families.
 Rąbinko [rɔmˈbinkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Rąbino 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Świdwin and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 Grabów-Pustkowie [ˈɡrabuf pustˈkɔvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Grabów nad Prosną 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mudunuru (Telugu: ముదునూరు) is a village in Vuyyuru mandal of Krishna district Andhra Pradesh India.Indian Independence activist Anne Anjaiah (1905-1975) was born in this village.
 Jivina is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Abbasabad-e Kollab (Persian: عباس ابادكلب‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Kollab; also known as ‘Abbāsābād-e Golāb) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 36 families.
 Pasieki [paˈɕeki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 106 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Darreh Khadamarad (Persian: دره خدامراد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Khadāmarād) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Makaikhola is a village around 15 kilometers east of Pokhara Nepal.The village spreads on either side of a small stream kamdi khola. Paudel gaun also called Kamdi is on east and subedi gau is on the west of the stream. Literacy rate is over 70% while the unemployment rates are around 50% and those living in the village are mainly into agriculture.
 Lopatinec (Hungarian: Lapáthegy) is a village in Croatia.
 Firuzabad-e Kuchak (Persian: فيروزابادكوچك‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād-e Kūchak and Fīrūzābād-e Kūchek; also known as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Kermajan Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 39 families.
 Khush Murd (Persian: خوش مورد‎ also Romanized as Khūsh Mūrd) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Raqqeh (Persian: رقه‎) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District Eresk District Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1005 in 274 families.
 Boneh-ye Meskin (Persian: بنه مسكين‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Meskīn) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 13 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Atrak Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 131 families.
 Bobry [ˈbɔbrɨ] is a village in the Administrative District of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Palež (Serbian: Палеж) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Stružnice (German: Straußnitz) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ziarat (Persian: زيارت or زيارَت‎ also Romanized as Zīārat; also known as Zeyārat-e Khāşeh Rūd Ziār Zīārat-e Khāşeh Rūd Zīārat-e Khāsteh Rūd and Zīyārat Khāseh Rūd) is a village in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1964 in 478 families.Ziarat is located about 8 km south of Gorgan in the Golestan Province of Iran.
 Chodków [ˈxɔtkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Głowaczów 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 70.
 Pozm-e Machchan (Persian: پزم مچان‎ also Romanized as Pozm-e Machchān; also known as Māchān Māchā Pozm Māshān and Pozm Machā) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 642 in 82 families.
 Peruru is a Village in Wazeed Mandal in Khammam District of Andhra Pradesh State India. It belongs to Telangana region . It is located 169 km to the north of District headquarters Khammam. 14 km from Wazeed. 280 km from State capital Hyderabad. Peruru Pin code is 507136 and postal head office is Venkatapuram . Nagaram (14 km) are the nearby Villages to Peruru.
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Adoagyiri is a village in the Akuapim South Municipal district a district in the Eastern Region of Ghana.
 Lakeview is a summer village in central Alberta located on Wabamun Lake. It is located within Parkland County.
 Dhungad is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal.
 Balewko [baˈlɛfkɔ] (German: Klein Baalau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Mikołajki Pomorskie 16 km (10 mi) east of Sztum and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kołpaki [kɔu̯ˈpaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Zabłudów and 25 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kula (Cyrillic: Кула) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mazraeh-ye Shuru Hoseyni (Persian: مزرعه شوروحسيني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shūrū Ḩoseynī) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Popielewo [pɔpjɛˈlɛvɔ] (formerly German Gross Poplow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Połczyn-Zdrój 27 km (17 mi) east of Świdwin and 111 km (69 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kesavapuram is a village in Thiruvattaru taluk Kanniyakumari district Tamil Nadu. The village is part of the Padmanabhapuram legislative assembly constituency and the Kanyakumari parliamentary constituency. The village is located about 7 km north-east of Marthandam and 31 km north-west of Nagercoil.The village is home to the St. Sebastian Church which is considered to be 100 years old.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] (German Gurken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sztum and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Shahrak-e Panjam (Persian: شهرك پنجم‎) is a village in Jannat Makan Rural District in the Central District of Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 518 in 89 families.
 Gahi (Persian: گاهي‎ also Romanized as Gāhī; also known as Gāvi) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District Delvar District Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 540 in 120 families.
 Høvik is a suburban centre in the municipality of Bærum Akershus Norway. Mainly a residential area its population (2005) is 4311.Høvik has a church a small shopping area and a railway station served by Drammensbanen. Flytoget (Airport Express Train) does not stop at Høvik. Nearby is the Henie-Onstad Art Centre. There are three schools in Høvik: Ramstad Skole Høvik Verk Skole and Høvik Skole. There are also some important businesses with offices in Høvik e.g.
 Salahi (Persian: صالحي‎ also Romanized as Sālaḥī; also known as Sālakī) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 636 in 156 families.
 Vidovača is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 32 people.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Zarjabad Rural District Firuz District Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Samin [ˈsamin] (German: Seemen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dąbrówno 27 km (17 mi) south of Ostróda and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 620.
 Lubsza [ˈlupʂa] is a village in Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubsza. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Brzeg and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Reza-ye Seh (Persian: تلمبه سيدرضا3‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Rez̤ā-ye Seh) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Majkowice [mai̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Kaka Abbas (Persian: كاكاعباس‎ also Romanized as Kākā ‘Abbās; also known as Kak ‘Abbās) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 559 in 110 families.
 Narlık is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Kołodziąż-Rybie [kɔˈwɔd͡ʑɔ̃ʂ ˈrɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gümüşhane Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
 Wielgolas [vjɛlˈɡɔlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Latowicz 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 54 km (34 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 650.
 Jurowce [juˈrɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wasilków and 10 km (6 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Manapathur is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Maddipadu is a village and a mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Maddipadu is located 13 kilometres from Ongole on NH5 towards Guntur on the bank of the Gundlakamma River. It is a big village with all common facilities. Local residents mainly depend on cultivation.
 Abu Hana (Persian: ابوحنا‎ also Romanized as Abū Ḩanā; also known as Abū ’anā) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 17 families.
 Chandeni Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3267 and had 618 houses in it.
 Gorzków-Wieś [ˈɡɔʂkuf ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Neskollen is a village in Nes municipality Norway located a few kilometres northwest of the urban area Årnes. Its population is 1126 of which 7 people live within the border of the neighboring municipality Ullensaker.
 Mhasla is a census town in Raigad district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
 Brezici (Serbian: Брезици) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Paroha is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Kordan (Persian: كردان‎ also Romanized as Kordān) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Sudinabad (Persian: سودين اباد‎ also Romanized as Sūdīnābād; also known as Sebdīnābād) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 60.
 Konradowa [kɔnraˈdɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nysa and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chromówka [xrɔˈmufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Balendar (Persian: بالندر‎ also Romanized as Bālendar and Bālandar; also known as Kalāteh-ye Bālandar and Qal‘eh Balandar) is a village in Sarjam Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 65 families.
 Banu (Persian: بنو‎ also Romanized as Banū) is a village in Ruydar Rural District Ruydar District Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 95 families.
 Wólka Smolana [ˈvulka smɔˈlana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Brochów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Sochaczew and 48 km (30 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Dora-sani-padu is a small village near Dwaraka Tirumala in India. Dorasanipadu is located in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh a southern state of India. Dorasanipadu is about 40 kilometers from the West Godavari district headquarters Eluru.
 Ślepie [ˈɕlɛpjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Olecko and 131 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Krzczonów Trzeci [ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf ˈtʂɛt͡ɕi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Krzczonów and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Samayasangili is a village in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It consists of five sub villages includes Samayasangilli Thottipalayam Pudur Thottipalayam Palaiyur Sengutaipalayam Seerampalayam. The Village located at the Bank of river cauvery and it is the border of Namakkal district.The main occupation in the village is agriculture. The cultivation generally depends on monsoon rains wells and tanks. Nearly 90 percent of the cultivated area is under food crops.
 Shahrak-e Danesh (Persian: شهرك دانش‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Dānesh) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Wola Lubiankowska [ˈvɔla lubjaŋˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Głowno 31 km (19 mi) east of Zgierz and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kabina is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.The first Estonian Children Song Festival took place in Kabina on 2 June 1870.
 Łojszyno [wɔi̯ˈʂɨnɔ] (formerly German Leussin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Wolin 8 km (5 mi) west of Kamień Pomorski and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Shirinabad (Persian: شيرين اباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrīnābād) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 134 families.
 Puerta de Corral Quemado is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Kani Shilemeh (Persian: كاني شيلمه‎ also Romanized as Kānī Shīlemeh; also known as Kānī Soleymān) is a village in Nanur Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Birun (Persian: بيرون‎ also Romanized as Bīrūn) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 20 families.
 Gowdah Kahriz (Persian: گوده كهريز‎ also Romanized as Gowdah Kahrīz and Gūdah Kahrīz) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 382 in 75 families.
 Peći (Ključ) is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Visman (Persian: ويسمان‎ also Romanized as Vīsmān; also known as Dīsmān and Vishmān) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 50 families.
 Uitwierde is a town in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is a part of the municipality of Delfzijl and lies about 26 km northeast of Groningen.The statistical area Uitwierde which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 60.
 Leszczewo [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Jedlice [jɛˈdlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ovsinjinac is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dmosin 15 km (9 mi) north of Brzeziny and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Burya (village) is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Karataş Döşemealtı is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bagh-e Anar (Persian: باغ انار‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Anār) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Sierakowska Huta [ɕeraˈkɔfska ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sierakowice 19 km (12 mi) west of Kartuzy and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 124.
 Rowshanai (Persian: روشنايي‎ also Romanized as Rowshanā'ī) is a village in Khenejin Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 69 families.
 Kiełczyn [ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 350.
 Madan-e Qol Qolu (Persian: معدن قل قلو‎ also Romanized as Ma‘dan-e Qol Qolū) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 27 families.
 Mierzeszyn [mjɛˈʐɛʂɨn] (Kashubian: Miérzëszëno; German Meisterwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Trąbki Wielkie 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Pruszcz Gdański and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 800.
 Mazid (Persian: مزيد‎ also Romanized as Mazīd) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 64 families.
 Marianowo [marjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south of Mława and 86 km (53 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 20.
 Łukowice [wukɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Biecz 14 km (9 mi) north of Gorlice and 94 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Morghak-e Olya (Persian: مرغك عليا‎ also Romanized as Morghak-e ‘Olyā; also known as Marghak and Morghak) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 282 in 70 families.
 Toba is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil.
 Tol Rigi (Persian: تل ريگي‎ also Romanized as Tol Rīgī) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1150 in 235 families.
 Ługowice [wuɡɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Mogielnica 28 km (17 mi) south-west of Grójec and 67 km (42 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Kalemler Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Musaabad (Persian: موسي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 Portaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4592.
 Donosy [dɔˈnɔsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kazimierza Wielka and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Cane Valley is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Czarne [ˈt͡ʂarnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kaliska 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 20.
 Lubstówek [lupsˈtuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Sompolno 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Konin and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bommuru is situated in East Godavari district in Rajahmundry Rural in Andhra Pradesh State.
 Nart [nart] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Chochołów [xɔˈxɔwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Czarny Dunajec 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Nowy Targ and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Giżyn [ˈɡiʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Bojanowo 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Rawicz and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين‌آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 105 families.
 Bašci is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rozavere is a village in the municipality of Bërzhitë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Noski Śnietne [ˈnɔski ˈɕɲɛtnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Łysonie [wɨˈsɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Pisz and 94 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Pudliszki [puˈdliʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Krobia 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Gostyń and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 2360.
 Kushk-e Bala (Persian: كوشك بالا‎ also Romanized as Kūshḵ-e Bālā) is a village in Adaran Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 45 families.
 Seyyed Mordeh-ye Yusefi (Persian: سيدمرده يوسفي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Mordeh-ye Yūsefī; also known as Seyyed Mordeh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brunswick is a village in Antelope County Nebraska United States. The population was 138 at the 2010 census.
 Samba-Mbondoni is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 911.
 Sukhota (Ukrainian: Сухота) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Zarnevo is a village in the municipality of Tervel in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Nowa Łupianka [ˈnɔva wuˈpjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Khomrud (Persian: خمرود‎ also Romanized as Khomrūd) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Araskonay-e Olya (Persian: ارسكناي عليا‎ also Romanized as Araskonāy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Arasgonā-ye ‘Olyā Arāzgūnī-ye Bālā and Ārāzgūnī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 11 families.
 Bagh Chenar (Persian: باغ چنار‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Chenār; also known as Chenār) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 54 families.
 Gaczkowice [ɡat͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Przytyk 20 km (12 mi) west of Radom and 86 km (53 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Zafaran-e Sofla (Persian: زعفران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Za‘farān-e Soflá; also known as Seyyedmā) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Sufilar (Persian: صو في لر‎ also Romanized as Şūfīlar) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kołaków [kɔˈwakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) north of Wołomin and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 387.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Abbasabadi (Persian: موتورپمپعباس ابادي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e ʿAbbāsābādī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kafarghan (Persian: كافرغان‎ also Romanized as Kāfarghān and Kāferghān; also known as Bandar-e Kāferghān) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Õngu is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia. It was the first village in Estonia to receive T1 Internet access.
 Chah-e Mokhtari (Persian: چاه مختاري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mokhtārī; also known as Jalīlābād) is a village in Mohammadiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tounounga is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Bieleckie [bjɛˈlɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 33 kilometres (21 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 30.
 Biskupice [bʲiskuˈpʲit͡sɛ] (German: Bischdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Syców 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 48 kilometres (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 260.
 Tirmini is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Smoniowice [smɔɲɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Radziemice 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Proszowice and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Roostoja is a village in Tudulinna Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. Its postal code is 42209.
 Ab Garm-e Khurgu (Persian: ابگرم خورگو‎ also Romanized as Āb Garm-e Khūrgū; also known as Āb Garm) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 6 families.
 Tehumardi is a village in Salme Parish Saare County Estonia on the island of Saaremaa. It has a population of 74 (as of 1 January 2010).During World War II on 8 October 1944 the Battle of Tehumardi took place near the village. A memorial was erected in 1966.
 Pooppathy is a small village near Mala in the Thrissur district of Kerala India.
 Khaniabad (Persian: خاني اباد‎ also Romanized as Khānīābād; also known as Khani Abad Gandoman) is a village in Chaghakhor Rural District Boldaji District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 40 families.
 Vaeküla is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Qaleh Now-e Faz (Persian: قلعه نوفاز‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Fāz) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 17 families.
 Naour is a village and rural commune in Béni Mellal Province of the Tadla-Azilal region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census the commune had a total population of 6433 people living in 1093 households.
 Eramudugolla (7°15'N 80°40'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bandar-e Tauneh (Persian: بندرطاعونه‎ also Romanized as Bandar-e Ţā‘ūneh; also known as Bandar-e Ţāḩūneh Bandar Tahooneh Ţāḩūneh Ţā‘ūneh and Tāvūneh) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 36 families.
 Nuhhoca is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Chaganti Vari Palem is a village having a population of around 5000 people and is situated(16.323447°N 80.098994°E) around 40 km away from the Capital city of Guntur District of southern state Andhra Pradesh of India.
 Kalateh-ye Aliabad (Persian: كلاته علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Alīābād) is a village in Zibad Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Golabundan-e Sofla (Persian: گلابوندان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Golābūndān-e Soflá; also known as Golāvandān-e Soflá) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 26 families.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Rigestan Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dizajin (Persian: ديزجين‎ also Romanized as Dīzajīn Dīzeh Jīn Dizadzhin Dīzahjīn Dīzejīn and Dizjin) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 22 families.
 Chrapów [ˈxrapuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dobiegniew 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 30.
 Svojetín is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Esmaeelabad Zahedan (Persian: اسماعیل‌آباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 23 families.
 Estakhru (Persian: استخرو‎ also Romanized as Estakhrū; also known as Estārū) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 51 families.
 Baghlujeh (Persian: باغلوجه‎ also Romanized as Bāghlūjeh) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 22 families.
 Kosarzew Dolny [kɔˈsaʐɛf ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Krzczonów and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 140.
 Thawville is a village in Ridgeland Township Iroquois County Illinois United States. The population was 258 at the 2000 census.
 Bonakas (Northern Sami: Bonjákas) is a village in Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village lies on the western bank of the Tana River just north of the village of Rustefjelbma.Historically Bonakas has been inhabited by the Sami people and Kven people more recently newcomers from the more southern parts of Norway and Finland have moved in. However Tana municipality unlike Porsanger has not declared Kven an official language.
 Żdżary [ˈʐd͡ʐarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Czarna 16 km (10 mi) west of Dębica and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1000.
 Koziołek [kɔˈʑɔwɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Pilicą 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 61 km (38 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Jagodno [jaˈɡɔdnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Elbląg and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Udamadura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Miedniewice-Topola [mjɛdɲɛˈvit͡sɛ tɔˈpɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Skierniewice and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 153.
 Sardar (Persian: سردر‎) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Adheigundi is a village in the Cuttack district of Odisha in eastern India.
 Dolní Kralovice is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rikhteh Kuh (Persian: ريخته کوه‎ also Romanized as Rīkhteh Kūh) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 19 families.
 Karbalayi Mohseni (Persian: كربلائي محسني‎ also Romanized as Karbalāyī Moḩsenī) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Julianki [juˈljanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Parzęczew 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Drużbice 7 km (4 mi) north of Bełchatów and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Żelazo [ʐɛˈlazɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Galewice within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Galewice 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 90 km (56 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mehrdasht (Persian: مهردشت‎; also known as Khātūnlar (Persian: خاتون لر) Şāleḩābād (Persian: صالح اباد) and Khātūnlar Va Şāleḩābād) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1985 in 490 families.
 Jahanabad-e Chah-e Malek (Persian: جهان ابادچاه ملك‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Chāh-e Malek) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Drenova is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 102 people.
 Parimeh (Persian: پاريمه‎ also Romanized as Pārīmeh) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 36 families.
 Vandabad (Persian: ونداباد‎ also Romanized as Vandābād) is a village in Hombarat Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 6 families.
 Ekinhisar is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Galleh Kola-ye Kar Kandeh (Persian: گله كلاكاركنده‎ also Romanized as Galleh Kolā-ye Kār Kandeh; also known as Galleh Kolā) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 64 families.
 Niezdara [ɲezˈdara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarowice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Ożarowice 9 km (6 mi) east of Tarnowskie Góry and 23 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 450.
 Phú Hiệp Cà Mau is a commune (xã) and village in Cái Nước District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Jahodná (Hungarian: Pozsonyeperjes  Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈpoʒoɲɛpɛrjɛʃ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Khorramdasht (Persian: خرم دشت‎) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 17 families.
 Gozokht (Persian: گزخت‎ also Romanized as Gazokht and Kozokht; also known as Qalat Gujat) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 699 in 135 families.
 Zafer is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 694 people.
 Tollen is a village located 6 km from Churachandpur and 52 kilometres (32 mi) from Imphal the capital city of Manipur India. It is located at .
 Stroniewice [strɔɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniewice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Domaniewice 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Łowicz and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź. The village still keep the traditional customs. We can see it now as a folklore skansen that in social tradition has not changed since The Second Word.
 Trzylatków Duży [tʂɨˈlatkuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bagh-e Sorkh (Persian: باغ سرخ‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Sorkh and Bāghsorkh; also known as Bāgh-i-Surkh) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 43 families.
 Popów [ˈpɔpuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 126 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nahar (Persian: نهار‎ also Romanized as Nahār; also known as Nagar’) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 57 families.
 Joaveski is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia on the territory of Lahemaa National Park. It lies on the Loobu River.
 Salim Sarai (Persian: سليم سرايي‎ also Romanized as Salīm Sarā’ī) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Gol Tappeh District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 18 families.
 Tularosa is a village in Otero County New Mexico United States. It shares its name with the Tularosa Basin in which the town is located. To the east Tularosa is flanked by the western edge of the Sacramento Mountains. The population was 2864 at the 2000 census. During the 1990s and early 2000s the town north of the much larger Alamogordo experienced moderate growth and construction as a bedroom community especially in the housing industry.
 Stara Wieś-Kolonia [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Romualdów [rɔmuˈalduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wieniawa 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Przysucha and 93 km (58 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Alavala is a village in Guntur district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Dar Chenar (Persian: درچنار‎ also Romanized as Dar Chenār) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Jowkar (Persian: جوكار‎ also Romanized as Jowkār and Javakār) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 73 families.
 Gradac is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 134 people.
 Cis [t͡ɕis] (German: Friedrichsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Świętajno 17 km (11 mi) east of Szczytno and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Vashnam-e Dust Mohammad (Persian: وشنام دوست محمد‎ also Romanized as Vashnām-e Dūst Moḩammad and Veshnām-e Dūst Moḩammad; also known as Rezhnān Vājnān Vashnām Vāzhnān and Wajnān) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 12 families.
 Sepaküla Pärnu County is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Katun (Serbian: Катун) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 571 people.
 Kavandu is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.Kavandu is the birthplace of Ignatsi Jaak (ca 1670–1741) a schoolteacher and sacristan the most famous student of scholar Bengt Gottfried Forselius.
 Darvar (Persian: دروار‎ also Romanized as Darvār and Darwār) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 51 families.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Przesmyki 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 106 km (66 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Lubin [ˈlubin] (formerly German Lebbin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyzdroje within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Międzyzdroje 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 340.
 Garmurt-e Ramazanabad (Persian: گرمورت رمضان آباد‎ also Romanized as Garmūrt-e Ramaz̤ānābād; also known as Garmūt-e Mīrzā Khān Garmūrd Garmūrt and Germūrth) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 92 families.
 Bintagoungou is a rural commune and village of the Cercle of Goudam in the Tombouctou Region of Mali. The village lies at the south east corner of Lake Faguibine near the channel that connects Lake Faguibine to Lake Takara. The commune includes all of Lake Takara and a small section at the eastern end of Lake Faguibine.The commune includes eight settlements:Alphahou AbarbouchAlphahou InatabenAlphahou TarabaBintagoungouEtewelTaxinaTihigrèneToufazrouf↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Cham ol Obeyd (Persian: چم العبيد‎ also Romanized as Cham ol 'Obeyd and Chamm ol 'Obeyd; also known as Chammolābād and Ḩamlābād) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 585 in 105 families.
 Zebrzydowa-Wieś [zɛbʐɨˈdɔva ˈvjɛɕ] (German: Siegersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogrodziec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) north of Nowogrodziec 14 km (9 mi) west of Bolesławiec and 117 km (73 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of about 1500.
 Qalicheh (Persian: قاليچه‎ also Romanized as Qālīcheh; also known as Qal‘eh Chegeh and Qal‘eh-ye Chegeh) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 568 in 108 families.
 Radomice [radɔˈmit͡sɛ] (German: Reddermitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Lipno and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Kani Zard (Persian: كاني زرد‎ also Romanized as Kānī Zard) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 758 in 151 families.
 Moreland Hills is a village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. It is an affluent suburb of Cleveland. The population was 3320 at the 2010 census.
 Julianów [juˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kani Kan (Persian: كاني كن‎ also Romanized as Kānī Kan and Kānī Kon; also known as Cheshmeh Sefīd Kāneh Kīn Khāneh Kīn Khāneqayn and Kheymeh Sefīd) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 46 families.
 Madi is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Quỳnh Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Yên Dũng District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Brudzew [ˈbrud͡zɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Blizanów 21 km (13 mi) north of Kalisz and 90 km (56 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 470.
 Jhula is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2483 people living in 268 individual households.
 Božinci Donji (Cyrillic: Божинци Доњи) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rzewnie [ˈʐɛvɲɛ] is a village in Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rzewnie. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki and 73 km (45 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Nyaungbintha is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Pretrkovac is a village in the municipality of Ražanj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 326 people.
 Koppam is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Tänassilma is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.Tänassilma Tehnological Village (Tänassilma tehnopark) is located on the Pärnu road near the Tallinn city boundary.
 Tattiannaram is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal.
 Rudzienko-Kolonia [ruˈd͡ʑeŋkɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Wólka Baranowska [ˈvulka baraˈnɔfska] (German: Bieberstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jowhari (Persian: جوهري‎ also Romanized as Jowharī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Koira is a village in Sundargarh District Orissa India.
 Ćelije is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality Nišava District in Serbia.
 Kumane is a village in municipality of Istočni Stari Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lasocin [laˈsɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Brochów 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Sochaczew and 46 km (29 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Sanjar (Persian: سنجر‎ also Romanized as Senjar) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2779 in 521 families.
 Miškovci is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kaarepere is a village in Palamuse Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Zalesie Śląskie [zaˈlɛɕɛ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Leśnica 10 km (6 mi) south of Strzelce Opolskie and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1468.
 Borowo [bɔˈrɔvɔ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Siedliszcze 28 km (17 mi) west of Chełm and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 19.
 Glinka Szlachecka [ˈɡlinka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kostrzyn and 24 km (15 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Puskan (Persian: پوسكان‎ also Romanized as Pūskān; also known as Pāras Kān Parskān Pārskhān Postkān Pūsgān Pūshkān and Pūstgān) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 37 families.
 Czyżew [ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rychwał 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Konin and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Darreh Bid (Persian: دره بيد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bīd and Darreh-ye Bīd; also known as Seyyed Yūnesī) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 41 families.
 Gać [ɡat͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Pristava is a village in Croatia.
 Cheshmeh-ye Sefid Khani (Persian: چشمه سفيدخاني‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Sefīd Khānī; also known as Ḩasan Khānī) is a village in Hana Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dashtok-e Sofla (Persian: دشتك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Dashtok-e Soflá and Dashtak Sofla; also known as Dashtok-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 17 families.
 Paradi or Paradhi (Telugu: పారాది) is a village and Gram panchayat in Bobbili mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh India.Paradhi Anicut in this village irrigates about 33.11 km² of land.
 Lubominek [lubɔˈminɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Nasielsk 22 km (14 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 47 km (29 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Chodov (Karlovy Vary District) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Borawskie [bɔˈrafskʲɛ] (German: Borawsken from 1938-45 Deutscheck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Olecko and 144 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chroustov (Nymburk District) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Nymburk and 69 kilometres (43 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 7.44 square kilometres (2.87 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 225.First written notice about the village is from year 1369.
 Tamaya Niger is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Bhirkot is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2208 people living in 470 individual households.
 Ścinawa Mała [ɕt͡ɕiˈnava ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Korfantów 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Nysa and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Megyaszó is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Obłaczkowo [ɔbwat͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Września and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pawłoszewo [pavwɔˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Atwood is a small town located in Perth County Ontario Canada. Nearby centres include Listowel and Elmira. Atwood is located on Highway 23 between Perth Line 75 (formerly 8th Concession) and Perth Line 72.The population is between 500 and 1000 inhabitants.There are 3 churches in Atwood including the Atwood Presbyterian Church as well as the Elma Township Cemetery. All are located along Line 75.The Atwood/Coghlin Airport is located here.
 Kulesze [kuˈlɛʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Mońki and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Kogutek Kosmołowski [kɔˈɡutɛk kɔsmɔˈwɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Olkusz and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Drakata is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Kożuszkowo [kɔʐuʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Qazi Kandi (Persian: قاضي كندي‎ also Romanized as Qāzī Kandī and Qāẕī Kandī) is a village in Oryad Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 86 families.
 Sinhadevi Sombare is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2554 people living in 477 individual households.
 Dunukewatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bolcie [ˈbɔlt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania and Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wiżajny 32 km (20 mi) north of Suwałki and 140 km (87 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Injimedu is a village in Vandavasi taluk Tiruvannamalai District state of Tamil Nadu India. As of 2001 it had a population of 1663 in 406 households.
 Durisht is a village in the municipality of Petrelë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Lublewo Gdańskie [luˈblɛvɔ ˈɡdaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbudy within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 850.
 Wisła Wielka [ˈviswa ˈvjɛlka] (German: Groß Weichsel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczyna within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Pszczyna and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.
 Donbeh-ye Nasrollah (Persian: دنبه نصراله‎ also Romanized as Donbeh-ye Naṣrollah and Donbehnaṣrollah) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rahneh (Persian: رهنه‎ also Romanized as Rahaneh) is a village in Karat Rural District in the Central District of Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1795 in 347 families.
 Świnna [ˈɕfinna] is a village in Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Świnna. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żywiec and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1891.
 Meskin (Persian: مسكين‎ also Romanized as Meskīn; also known as Meskīn-e Vīznah) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 Kikele is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Tolombeh-ye Ali Esfandiarpur (Persian: تلمبه علي اسفنديارپور‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAlī Esfandīārpūr) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sarıbalta (former Komer) is a village in the Çemişgezek district of Tunceli Province Turkey. At 39°00′N 38°57′E it is situated at the north of the Keban Dam resorvoir. The distance to Çemişgezek is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) and to Tunceli is 115 kilometres (71 mi). The population of Sarıbalta is 591 inhabitants as of 2011. The town was founded by people from the Şakak tribe either from Diyarbakır or from Khorasan (a province in Iran). Its main economic activity is sheep breeding.
 Majdany [mai̯ˈdanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Grabica 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Godilanka is situated in East Godavari district in Allavaram in Andhra Pradesh State.
 Trawniki [travˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smyków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Smyków 17 km (11 mi) south of Końskie and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Ulur West is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Østby is a village in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located along the Nea River about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) northeast of the municipal center of Ås.
 Mavana (Persian: موانا‎ also Romanized as Mavānā Mawāna and Movānā; also known as Mavāneh) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1134 in 179 families.
 Khan Qeshlaqi-ye Yek (Persian: خان قشلاقي 1‎ also Romanized as Khān Qeshlāqī-ye Yek; also known as Khān Qeshlāq and Khān Qeshlāqī) is a village in Savalan Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 116 families.
 Choqluy-e Sofla (Persian: چقلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Choqlūy-e Soflá; also known as Chaghalū-ye Pā’īn Chaghalū-ye Soflá Chaghlooy Sofla Chonglu Pāīn Choqlū-ye Soflá Chūqlū-ye Soflá and Jaghalū-ye Soflá) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 48 families.
 Qassab Mahalleh (Persian: قصاب محله‎ also Romanized as Qaşşāb Maḩalleh) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 45 families.
 Chandrasekharapuram is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Paretak is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina. It was the site of several skirmishes during the Bosnian War.
 Godlewo-Piętaki [ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ pjɛnˈtaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Mościcha [mɔɕˈt͡ɕixa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dąbrowa Białostocka 24 km (15 mi) north of Sokółka and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wierzbica [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Radziemice 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Proszowice and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 180.
 Suraj is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Zbiersk-Kolonia [ˈzbjɛrsk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stawiszyn 23 km (14 mi) north of Kalisz and 99 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tosmur Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Wyszonki Kościelne [vɨˈʂɔŋki kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dineh Sar (Persian: دينه سر‎ also Romanized as Dīneh Sar) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 42 families.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Modran (Derventa) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shir Ali Beyk Mahalleh (Persian: شيرعلي بيك محله‎ also Romanized as Shīr ‘Alī Beyk Maḩalleh) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 13 families.
 Goleytar (Persian: گليتر ‎ also known as Goleytār Bolāghī) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 23 families.
 Kajetany [kajɛˈtanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sara Gavabar (Persian: سراگوابر‎ also Romanized as Sarā Gavābar) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 19 families.
 Cattenbroek is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Montfoort and lies about 4 km east of Woerden.The statistical area Cattenbroek which can also include the surrounding countryside has a population of approximately 80.
 Güvenocak Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Dłużew [ˈdwuʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 78.
 Chashin (Persian: چشين‎ also Romanized as Chashīn and Cheshīn) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 73 families.
 Hředle is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Vrnjci is a village in the municipality of Vrnjačka Banja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2025 people.
 Ghāzīābād (Persian: غازی آباد‎) is a village in Kunar Province in eastern Afghanistan.
 Goranin [ɡɔˈranin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ślesin 17 km (11 mi) north of Konin and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Luin (Persian: لوئين‎ also Romanized as Lū’īn and Lūeen) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kurojady [kurɔˈjadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Lidzbark 27 km (17 mi) west of Działdowo and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 10.
 Lipniak [ˈlipɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kock within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kandeh-ye Har (Persian: كنده هر‎; also known as Gandehar Kandahar Kand-e Har Kandhar and Kanhar) is a village in Harasam Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1399 in 320 families.
 Jaźwiny [jaʑˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraszewice within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 133 km (83 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Çataldere is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Qeshlaq-e Farajollah Nemaz (Persian: قشلاق فرج اله نماز‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Farajollah Nemāz) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Do Daran (Persian: دودران‎ also Romanized as Do Darān; also known as Do Darān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 37 families.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Roslyn (/ˈrɒzlɪn/ ROZ-lin) is a village in Nassau County New York on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2010 Census the village population was 2770. Roslyn was once called Hempstead Harbor but its name changed to Roslyn on September 7 1844 due to postal confusion regarding all the other Hempsteads scattered about Long Island.The Village of Roslyn is at the eastern edge of the Town of North Hempstead.
 Karuba Estonia is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Knockmore (Irish: Cnoc Mór) is a village in County Mayo Ireland in the Parish of Backs and is adjacent to Lough Conn.It is situated between the towns of Castlebar and Ballina.
 Główczyn [ˈɡwuft͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Mogielnica 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Grójec and 57 km (35 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Michałówek [mixaˈwuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Yesaqi (Persian: يساقي‎ also Romanized as Yesāqī) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kordkuy County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4490 in 1150 families.
 Mrkonjići (Cyrillic: Мркоњићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Arıönü is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 859 people.
 Hashan (Persian: هشان‎ also Romanized as Ḩāshān and Hashān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 40 families.
 Nowtarki-ye Mokhtari (Persian: نوتركي مختاري‎ also Romanized as Nowtarkī-ye Mokhtārī; also known as Nartarkī-ye Mokhtārī and Nowtargī-ye Mokhtārī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 72 families.
 Rezvan (Persian: رضوان‎ also Romanized as Reẕvān) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 9 families.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Tasuj Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 25 families.
 Nowe Grudze [ˈnɔvɛ ˈɡrud͡zɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Villiappally is a census town in Kozhikode district in the Indian state of Kerala. Villiappally is the headquarters of Villiappally Panchayath which contains two villages Memunda and Villiappally. There is a Vocational Higher Secondary School in this village.
 Aq Kand-e Baruq (Persian: اقكندباروق‎ also Romanized as Āq Kand-e Bārūq) is a village in Baruq Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 95 families.
 Pelarat (Persian: پلارت‎ also Romanized as Pelārat and Pelārt) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1289 in 353 families.
 Kolamak (Persian: كلامك‎ also Romanized as Kolāmak; also known as Kolmak Kolūmak and Kūlūmak) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 13 families.
 Vazhayur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Chah-e Zarqani (Persian: چاه زرقاني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Zarqānī) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Świerzów [ˈɕfjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kobuzie [kɔˈbuʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 40.
 Zanuqabad (Persian: زانوق اباد‎ also Romanized as Zānūqābād; also known as Zāghābād Z̄ājābād Zanoogh Abad and Zāqābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 34 families.
 Aresi is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Slepčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Слепчевић) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Šabac municipality in the Mačva District. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1714 people (2002 census).
 Cheshmeh Tala (Persian: چشمه طلا‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ţalā) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Stary Gostków [ˈstarɨ ˈɡɔstkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Wartkowice 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jadowniki Bielskie [jadɔvˈniki ˈbjɛlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Żnin and 31 km (19 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Łętówko [wɛnˈtufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Choczewo 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Malekiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: مالكيه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mālekīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Mālekīyeh and Mālekīyeh-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1978 in 311 families.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Consul is a small village located in the Rural Municipality of Reno No. 51 in the extreme southwest of Saskatchewan Canada along the Redcoat Trail. It features one of the last existing grain elevators in the region.
 Qadi Mahalleh (Persian: قادي محله‎ also Romanized as Qādī Maḩalleh) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 87 families.
 Chahar Taq (Persian: چهارطاق‎ also Romanized as Chahār Ţāq) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 31 families.
 Baba Hasan-e Shomali (Persian: باباحسن شمالي‎ also Romanized as Bābā Ḩasan-e Shomālī) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Poloa is a village in American Samoa. It is located at the west side of Tutuila in the Alataua District. The village has approximately 300 citizens. The main denominations in the area are Methodist and Christian. Poloa has one elementary school.According to history Poloa was one of the poorest village in Samoa. Since American culture was introduced many Poloa villagers worked at shipyards of Germans and Americans.Poloa is the western terminus of American Samoa Highway 001.
 Gowd-e Gerd (Persian: گودگرد‎; also known as Gowd-e Gerdū’īyeh) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 Wygnanów [vɨɡˈnanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Igołomia-Wawrzeńczyce within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Wawrzeńczyce and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 54.
 Mezran (Persian: مزران‎ also Romanized as Merzān and Mazrān; also known as Merzarān) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 67 families.
 Tutah Khaneh (Persian: توته خانه‎ also Romanized as Tūtah Khāneh; also known as Tūtā Khāneh) is a village in Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 529 in 117 families.
 Kurbinovo (Macedonian: Курбиново) is a village in the Resen Municipality of Macedonia northeast of Lake Prespa. The village is located nearly 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) south of the municipal centre of Resen. The village is best known for being home to the 12th century Monastery of St George.
 In Eker (also written as I-n-Eker or In Ekker) is a village in the commune of In Amguel in Tamanrasset District Tamanrasset Province Algeria. It lies on the N1 national highway 39 kilometres (24 mi) north of In Amguel and 145 kilometres (90 mi) north of Tamanrasset city.
 Viitasoo is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Ban Pakpo also Pak Pok or Pakpo is a village in Vientiane Province Laos. It is located north along Route 13 from Vang Vieng not far from the eastern bank of the Nam Song River. To the northwest of the village is the Tham Pha Thao cave and the Tham Sang Triangle of four caves.
 Dutluoluk is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 402 people.
 Ravand-e Olya (Persian: راوندعليا‎ also Romanized as Rāvand-e ‘Olyā; also known as Rāvand) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 27 families.
 Banaki Sadr ol Din (Persian: بنكي صدرالدين‎ also Romanized as Banakī Ṣadr ol Dīn; also known as Emāmzādeh Ṣadr od Dīn) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Laossina is a village in Mikitamäe Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Qaleh-ye Kachalha (Persian: قلعه كچلها‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Kachalhā; also known as Kachahlā Kachalhā and Qal‘eh-ye Kachalān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 69 families.
 Farahabad (Persian: فرح اباد‎ also Romanized as Faraḩābād) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Bahman District Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Studzianki [stuˈd͡ʑaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lipnik 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Opatów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 110.
 Burbur (Persian: بوربور‎ also Romanized as Būrbūr) is a village in Shiyan Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 54 families.
 Vassaunet is a small rural village in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of the town of Steinkjer (to the south) and about the same distance from the village of Følling (to the north). The village lies just to the west of the European route E6 highway. Approximately 15 people live there most of them farmers.
 Dębogóra [dɛmbɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Czerwonak and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.It has about 100 inhabitants.
 Lâm Hải is a commune (xã) and village in Năm Căn District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Orczów [ˈɔrt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łopuszno and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Omolje is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cheshmeh Sefid (Persian: چشمه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād; also known as ‘Abbāsābād-e Rāmjerd and Abbas Abad Ramjerd) is a village in Majdabad Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 505 in 110 families.
 Bucze [ˈbut͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ab Garmak-e Guznan (Persian: اب گرمك گوزنان‎ also Romanized as Āb Garmak-e Gūznān; also known as Āb Garmak) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 25 families.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 8 families.
 Mongupethanpatty is a small village located near Eriyodu in Vedasandur taluk Dindigul District Tamil Nadu India.
 Dziewcza Struga [ˈd͡ʑeft͡ʂa ˈstruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Rogoźno 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Oborniki and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 71.
 Dojutrów [dɔˈjutruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Ahale is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3839 people living in 707 individual households.
 Kallar-e Olya (Persian: كلارعليا‎ also Romanized as Kallār-e ‘Olyā and Kalār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kallār-e ‘Amūqolī and Kallār-e Bālā) is a village in Rig Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 451 in 87 families.
 Balin [ˈbalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Wnory-Pażochy [ˈvnɔrɨ paˈʐɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 120.
 Brekovica (Cyrillic: Брековица) is a village in the municipality of Bihać Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād; also known as ‘Abbāsābād-e Peghar and ‘Abbāsābād-e Pegharī) is a village in Olya Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 35 families.
 Kruszyniec [kruˈʂɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sicienko and 11 km (7 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Zabłocie [zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupice within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Trąbki (the gmina seat) 9 km (6 mi) east of Wieliczka and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Shalheh-ye Emam Hasan (Persian: شلحه امام حسن عسكرئ‎ also Romanized as Shalḩeh-ye Emām Ḩasan) is a village in Shalahi Rural District in the Central District of Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 831 in 148 families.
 Dehgah (Persian: ده گاه‎ also Romanized as Dehgāh) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 23 families.
 Sakhteman-e Ghazanfar Ahmadzadeh (Persian: ساختمان غضنفراحمدزاده‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān-e Ghaẕanfar Aḩmadzādeh) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qaleh Sefid-e Olya (Persian: قلعه سفيدعليا‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sefīd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qal‘eh Sefīd Qal‘eh-ye Safīd and Qal‘eh-ye Sefīd) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 15 families.
 Baduiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: بادوييه عليا‎ also Romanized as Bādūīyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bādūeeyeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 42 families.
 Iskrzynia [isˈkʂɨɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczyna within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Korczyna 8 km (5 mi) east of Krosno and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1200. Est in 1878. Ran by King James. It has great weed and Whores. j.P.NICE
 Stary Barcik [ˈstarɨ ˈbart͡ɕik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Deh Divan (Persian: ده ديوان‎ also Romanized as Deh Dīvān and Deh-e Dīvān) is a village in Rabor Rural District in the Central District of Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 38 families.
 Dhamaura is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9221 people living in 1712 individual households.
 Sharket Talu Gaz (Persian: شرکت طلوع گاز‎ also Romanized as Sharket Talūʿ Gāz) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Freeport is a village in Irving Township Barry County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 483 at the 2010 census.
 Otalążka [ɔtaˈlɔ̃ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mogielnica 24 km (15 mi) south of Grójec and 64 km (40 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Atanazyn [ataˈnazɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Szamocin 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Chodzież and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 240.
 Al Jafnayn is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Hasanabad-e Sabrow (Persian: حسن آباد سبرو‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Sabrow; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 9 families.
 Pain Lamin Jub (Persian: پائين لمين جوب‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Lamīn Jūb; also known as Pā’īn Līman Jūb Līman Jūb and Līman Jūb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 58 families.
 Lubiesz [ˈlubjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Tuczno 19 km (12 mi) west of Wałcz and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 230.
 Chalgaz (Persian: چالگز‎ also Romanized as Chālgaz) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Kosmolów [kɔsˈmɔluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 940.
 Nasrabad (Persian: ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Arangattu Parambu is a small village on the way to Pudiyankam from Alathur taluk in Palakkad district of Kerala South India. It is a part of Pudiyankam Desam. There are some remnants of an old Shiva temple. A legend is that it was a very big temple demolished during Tippu Sultan's aggression. There is a small mount nearby called Pallikkunnu and a pond near to the remnants of the temple called Pallikkulam. The word Palli is always related to some thing royal or religions.
 Kivaj (Persian: كيوج‎ also Romanized as Kīvaj; also known as Gīvaj Kavā Kovā and Kuva) is a village in Ardalan Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 93 families.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kartuzy and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Yaddi Bolagh (Persian: يدي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Yaddī Bolāgh Yeddī Bolāgh and Yadī Bolāgh; also known as Yadibulak and Yadibulāq) is a village in Golabar Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 23 families.
 Brożek [ˈbrɔʐɛk] (German: Forst-Scheuno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Brody 33 km (21 mi) west of Żary and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Owza Gelal (Persian: اوضاع گلال‎ also Romanized as Owz̤āʿ Gelāl) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Markoviće is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 52 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Mufaq (Persian: مزرعه موفق‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mūfaq) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Periyathirukonam is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.The famous gods are Iyanar Adaikka Karupu Nondi Karupu Malayala karupu. This is a 765AD Temple located on the South West corner of the village.
 Chepes is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 21 families.
 Oluklu is a village in the Selim district of Kars Province Turkey. It is situated in high plains at 40°19′N 42°53′E The distance to Selim is 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Kars is 45 kilometres (28 mi). The population of Oluklu is 1574 as of 2011. Up to 2011 Oluklu was a village in Kağızman district. But it was closer to Selim and hence in April 2011 it the province council decided to change the adiministrative status of Oluklu which disappointed Kağızman residents.
 Brzeg [bʐɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczyca within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rzeczyca 27 km (17 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Łagiewniki [waɡʲɛvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Rożki [ˈrɔʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Żółkiewka 27 km (17 mi) west of Krasnystaw and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Velké Všelisy is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kahn-e Safar (Persian: كهن صفر‎ also Romanized as Kahn-e Şafar) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 12 families.
 Wanduradeniya is a village located in Galigamuwa A.G.A Division in Kegalle District Sri Lanka. It is 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) from Kegalle Town.
 Walton is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia located in the Municipal District of East Hants Nova Scotia. The community is named after James Walton Nutting.Acadians lived in the village before the Expulsion of the Acadians. At that time the community was named Petit Rivier. The Acadians built dykes and four dwellings.Later settled by New England Planters and Loyalists Walton became a shipbuilding centre in the 19th century.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 26 families.
 Kerdabad (Persian: كرداباد‎ also Romanized as Kerdābād; also known as Kerdābād-e Pūr Valī and Kīrdābād) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2312 in 565 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Azadegan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1751 in 436 families.
 Abtorsh (Persian: ابترش‎ also Romanized as Ābtorsh) is a village in Khenaman Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chah-e Reza (Persian: چاه رضا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Reẕā) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 98 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Nasielsk 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Taleh Tut (Persian: تله توت‎ also Romanized as Taleh Tūt and Talah Tūt; also known as Qal’eh Tūt-e Soflá Taleh Tū and Taleh Tūh) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Błażejowice [bwaʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Blaseowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisek within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Cisek 17 km (11 mi) south of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 270.
 Gujan (Persian: گوجان‎ also Romanized as Gūjān; also known as Gūgūn Gujūn and Kūjān) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5468 in 1289 families.
 Czarnkowie [t͡ʂarnˈkɔvjɛ] (formerly German Alt Liepenfier) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Paštrić is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.
 Ginadi is a village in the Churu Town administrative region of the eastern corner of the Churu district of Rajasthan India. The village is over 450 years old and lies north-east of Churu and 25 kilometres (16 mi) from Churu.
 Ab Bid (Persian: آب‌بید‎ also Romanized as Āb Bīd; also known as ‘Ābīd) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 15 families.
 Szernie [ˈʂɛrɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمتاباد‎ also Romanized as Raḥmatābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahpurabad (Persian: شاهپوراباد‎ also Romanized as Shāhpūrābād and Shahpoor Abad; also known as Abūz̄arābād) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1364 in 276 families.
 Sorkhab (Persian: سرخاب‎ also Romanized as Sorkhāb) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 17 families.
 Kachkul (Persian: كچكول‎ also Romanized as Kachkūl) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 14 families.
 Qurchay (Persian: قورچاي‎ also Romanized as Qūrchāy; also known as Qūrī Chāy) is a village in Nezamabad Rural District in the Central District of Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3325 in 825 families.
 Mir Mahalleh (Persian: ميرمحله‎ also Romanized as Mīr Maḩalleh) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 57 families.
 Knyszewicze Małe [knɨʂɛˈvit͡ʂɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Młodzianowo [mwɔd͡ʑaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Płoniawy-Bramura 6 km (4 mi) north of Maków Mazowiecki and 78 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Fushenjan (Persian: فوشنجان‎ also Romanized as Fūshenjān) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1457 in 421 families.
 Zawadka Rymanowska [zaˈvatka rɨmaˈnɔfska] (Ukrainian: Завадка Риманівська Zavadka Rymanivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dukla 19 km (12 mi) south of Krosno and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Surchan Mahalleh (Persian: سورچان محله‎ also Romanized as Sūrchān Maḩalleh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 48 families.
 Qaleh Bin Yurdi (Persian: قلعه بين يوردي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Bīn Yūrdī) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowy Staw [ˈnɔvɨ ˈstaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łagów and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Perungamani is a village in the Srirangam taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Hasanak Dar (Persian: حسن كدر‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanak Dar) is a village in Nesa Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 875 in 224 families.
 Chohroq (Persian: چهرق‎ also Romanized as Chehraq) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karolinowo [karɔliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Kcynia 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Nakło nad Notecią and 45 km (28 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 60.
 Lipa [ˈlipa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ashestan (Persian: اشستان‎ also Romanized as Āshestān; also known as Āshīstān) is a village in Gonbar Rural District in the Central District of Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 33 families.
 Żaków [ˈʐakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 49 km (30 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kushku (Persian: كوشكو‎ also Romanized as Kūshkū) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rugsund is a village in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the mainland along the shore of the Nordfjorden. The village is home to Rugsund Church the local church for this part of the municipality. There has been a church here serving the Rugsund parish since the middle ages. There is a bridge on the south side of the village that connects the mainland to the island of Rugsundøya just to the west.
 Qanat-e Ahmad (Persian: قناتاحمد‎ also Romanized as Qanāt-e Aḩmad) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Trawniki-Kolonia [travˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 East Dundee is a village in Kane County with a small section in Cook County. The population was 2860 at the 2010 census.
 Tirnan (Persian: تيرنان‎ also Romanized as Tīrnān) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Zaborze Krzeczanowskie [zaˈbɔʐɛ kʂɛt͡ʂaˈnɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Siemiątkowo 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Żuromin and 93 km (58 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Niewirków [ɲeˈvirkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Miączyn 19 km (12 mi) east of Zamość and 90 km (56 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Larzandan (Persian: لارزندان‎ also Romanized as Lārzandān) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 21 families.
 Przylesie Dolne [pʂɨˈlɛɕɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Grodków 15 km (9 mi) south of Brzeg and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Brodowce [brɔˈdɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was part of Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Twardogóra 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Oleśnica and 39 kilometres (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Fruitvale is a village located in south-eastern British Columbia in the West Kootenay region.It is located 16 km east of the city of Trail along Highway 3B.
 Zanasuj (Persian: زناسوج‎ also Romanized as Zanāsūj) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Krzeszówka [kʂɛˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielki within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Książ Wielki 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Miechów and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 190.
 Binatlı is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 2424 people.
 Pokrytki [pɔˈkrɨtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Mława and 93 km (58 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Płociczno [pwɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Tuczno 24 km (15 mi) west of Wałcz and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 330.
 Sanard (Persian: سنرد‎; also known as Sanārth) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ulupamir is a village in Erciş district Van Province Turkey.
 Sheybani (Persian: شيباني‎ also Romanized as Sheybānī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Sheybānī) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 11 families.
 Novi Zavoj is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1458 people.
 Miedzno [ˈmjɛd͡znɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Osie 21 km (13 mi) north of Świecie 60 km (37 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 65 km (40 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 319.
 Soundalga is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Vakpo is a village in the Kpando Municipal district a district in the Volta Region of Ghana. The village is known for the Vakpo Secondary School. The school is a second cycle institution.
 Pashed (Persian: پشد‎; also known as Pashed Nīlāzh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 49 families.
 Łysiec [ˈwɨɕet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starcza within Częstochowa County in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Starcza 14 km (9 mi) south of Częstochowa and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 384.
 Sangar Nader (Persian: سنگرنادر‎ also Romanized as Sangar Nāder and Sangar-e Nāder; also known as Sangat-e Nāder) is a village in Anaran Rural District in the Central District of Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Abu Geraniyeh-ye Yek (Persian: ابوگرينيه يك‎ also Romanized as Abū Gerānīyeh-ye Yek; also known as Abū Gereyneh-ye Yek) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 16 families.
 Oble [ˈɔblɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Siedlec [ˈɕɛdlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Stary Białynin [ˈstarɨ bjaˈwɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Banani is a village in Mali populated by the Dogon people..
 Hashamar (Persian: حشمر‎ also Romanized as Ḩashamar) is a village in Zamkan Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 93 families.
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Miłkowice 11 km (7 mi) west of Legnica and 72 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Coolkenno (Irish: Cuil Ui Caoinaith meaning The Nook of The Ui Caoinaith clan) is a village in County Wicklow in Ireland. It is roughly located between Tullow in County Carlow and Shillelagh in County Wicklow.The village is served by Ballyconnell National School (2.5 km) and Tullow Community School (8 km). Local monuments include the ruined Clonmore Castle Rath Gall hilltop ring fort Labbanasighe megalithic tomb in Moylisha and Saint Finian's monastery at Aghowle.
 Paryab Gaz (Persian: پارياب گز‎ also Romanized as Pāryāb Gaz) is a village in Gerit Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pala is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Khanrud (Persian: خانرود‎ also Romanized as Khānrūd; also known as Eslām Rūd) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 122 families.
 Bahramabad-e Sofla (Persian: بهرام آباد سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bahrāmābād-e Soflá; also known as Bahrāmābād-e Pā’īn or simply Bahrāmābād and Behrāmābād) is a village in Zhan Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 324 in 63 families.
 Ostrówek Mały [ɔsˈtruvɛk ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaleszany within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Zaleszany 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Stalowa Wola and 65 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Knutstad is a village in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county Norway. The village is located on the northeastern part of the island of Vestvågøya along the European route E10 highway. Knutstad Chapel is located in the village.
 Ogrodnica [ɔɡrɔdˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Union City is a village in Branch and Calhoun counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. Located mostly within Union Township in Branch County it sits at the junction of the Coldwater and St. Joseph rivers; the Calhoun County portion lies within that county's Burlington Township. It is part of the Battle Creek Michigan Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1599 at the 2010 census.M-60 passes just north of the village.
 Życzyn [ˈʐɨt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south of Garwolin and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 El Jardín is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Leżajsk and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Rabe [ˈrabɛ] (Ukrainian: Рябе Riabe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Czarna 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Pit Sara (Persian: پيت سرا‎ also Romanized as Pīt Sarā; also known as Pītsareh and Pīt Sūreh) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 28 families.
 Gavmir (Persian: گاومير‎ also Romanized as Gāvmīr; also known as Gāmīr) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 959 in 160 families.
 Bolfan is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Ali Zogheyr (Persian: علي ضغير‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Zogheyr) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 385 in 49 families.
 Bostanu (Persian: بستانو‎ also Romanized as Bostānū) is a village in Gachin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1753 in 384 families.
 Popowo Stare [pɔˈpɔvɔ ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemęt within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Przemęt 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Wolsztyn and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Miechów and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 130.
 Zagorzyn [zaˈɡɔʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Blizanów 2 km (1 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Agatamdike is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bagepalli taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 The Patuxet are an extinct Native American band of the Wampanoag tribal confederation. They lived primarily in and around modern-day Plymouth Massachusetts.
 Nematabad-e Dokhtoran (Persian: نعمت اباددختران‎ also Romanized as Ne‘matābād-e Dokhtorān; also known as Ne‘matābād and Ne‘matābād-e Farrokh) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 27 families.
 Güleş Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 422 people.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 790 in 146 families.
 Répáshuta is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Qeshlaq-e Gazlu Hajji Yunes (Persian: قشلاق گازلوحاجي يونس‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gāzlū Ḩājjī Yūnes) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 33 families.
 Kwiatkówka [kfjatˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kus is a village in the municipality of Kashar in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Dourou is a village and rural commune in the Bandiagara Cercle of the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune contains 28 villages along the Bandiagara Escarpment which together at the time of the 2009 census had a population of 19411. Around 95 percent of the population is Dogon with the remainder being Fulani.
 Bujaki [buˈjaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Nidzica and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 40.
 Załogi [zaˈwɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Czernice Borowe 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Przasnysz and 87 km (54 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kusapani is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3355 people living in 603 individual households.
 Maćkówka [mat͡ɕˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarzecze within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Zarzecze 4 km (2 mi) south of Przeworsk and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Słomowo [swɔˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Rogoźno 10 km (6 mi) east of Oborniki and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shah Jahan Ahmad (Persian: شاه جهان احمد‎ also Romanized as Shāh Jahān Aḩmad) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 30 families.
 Kalateh-ye Jafar (Persian: كلاته جعفر‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Jaʿfar) is a village in Radkan Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 14 families.
 Sumar (Dutch: Suameer) is a village in the municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel in the province Friesland (the Netherlands). It lies south of Burgum on the Provinciale weg 356 and has approximately 1370 inhabitants (2008).
 Bruchniewo [bruxˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lubiewo 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Tuchola and 36 km (22 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 63.
 Sangolda is a village in Bardez sub-district North Goa India.
 Al Khabr is a village in the Shabwah Governorate of southern Yemen northeast of Ahwar and south of Ataq. The village is primarily agricultural being located in a fertile river valley.
 Meštrevac (Cyrillic: Мештревац) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jebrail Mahalleh (Persian: جبرئيل محله‎ also Romanized as Jebra’īl Maḩalleh) is a village in Virmuni Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 24 families.
 Krzyżówka [kʂɨˈʐufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Witkowo 12 km (7 mi) east of Gniezno and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Seyyed Hamadi (Persian: سيدحمادي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩamādī) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 56 families.
 Oakwood Park is a village in Clay County Missouri United States. The population was 188 at the 2010 census.
 Pasin Darreh (Persian: پسيندره‎ also Romanized as Pasīn Darreh; also known as Pasandār and Pasandara) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 26 families.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Runiz Rural District Runiz District Estahban County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 91 families.
 Baneh Yekkeh (Persian: بنه يكه‎; also known as Banī Yak and Banī Yekkeh) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 505 in 111 families.
 Pasaveh (Persian: پساوه‎ also Romanized as Pasāveh; also known as Khvārazm and Pasāva ) is a village in Dasht-e Taybad Rural District Miyan Velayat District Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 904 in 205 families.
 Dobromyśl [dɔˈbrɔmɨɕl] (German: Augustenhöhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Golczewo 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Elamkadu is a village in Kottayam Kerala India. The nearest city is Mundakayam which lies 14 km to the south of Elamkadu. The closest transport links are the railway station in Kottayam and the airport in Kochin.The Manimalayar river also known locally as the Pullakayar originates in the nearby Elamkadu hills.
 Upalve village is under the Phaltan Taluka and district is Satara. It is located to the south of the Phaltan and beside the Sitamai from where the River Banganga started.
 Drzewce [ˈdʐɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Osiek Mały 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Koło and 115 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 190.
 Zabrega is a village situated in Malo Crniće municipality in Serbia.
 Rzeki Wielkie [ˈʐɛki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kłomnice 21 km (13 mi) east of Częstochowa and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 379.
 Lahash (Persian: لهاش‎ also Romanized as Lahāsh and Lehāsh; also known as Lāsh) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Radomina [radɔˈmina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Lakabad (Persian: لك اباد‎ also Romanized as Lakābād) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Józefina [juzɛˈfina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łopuszno and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 294.
 Langevåg or Langevågen is the administrative center of Sula Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is situated at the end of the road on the north side of the island of Sula about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northwest of the village of Mauseidvåg. The village lies across the Borgundfjorden from the city of Ålesund. There is a passenger ferry from Langevåg to Ålesund which takes approximately 7 minutes.
 Fedashkuyeh (Persian: فدشكويه‎ also Romanized as Fedashkūyeh Fedeshkūyeh and Fedshkūyeh; also known as Fāshkūyeh Fedeshkūh Fidishkun and Fīdūshkūh) is a village in Fedashkuyeh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4686 in 1114 families.
 Szczytniki Małe [ʂt͡ʂɨtˈniki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Soheyl (Persian: سهيل‎) is a village in Bafran Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 25 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Iraj Keyani (Persian: تلمبه ايرج كياني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Īraj Keyānī) is a village in Hangam Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Osečnice is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Le Grand Village Sauvage (French translation: the big savage village) also called Chalacasa was a Native American village located near Old Appleton in Perry County Missouri.The village was inhabited by Shawnee and Delaware Indian immigrants from Ohio and Indiana.
 Vilima is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Świerczyna [ɕfjɛrˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Działoszyce 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Farrokhabad (Persian: فرخ اباد‎ also Romanized as Farrokhābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 38 families.
 Kulbakul-e Kuchak (Persian: كول باكول كوچك‎ also Romanized as Kūlbākūl-e Kūchak; also known as Kūlbākūl and Kūl Bākūn) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 26 families.
 Antoniewice [antɔɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Trzcińsko-Zdrój 36 km (22 mi) south of Gryfino and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Grafton is a village in Lorain County Ohio United States along the East Branch of the Black River. The population was 6636 at the 2010 census. The Lorain Correctional Institution and several other prisons are located in and near Grafton.
 Belgrade is a village in Nance County Nebraska United States. The population was 126 at the 2010 census. It was named after Belgrade capital of Serbia.
 Karahe Wala is a small village in Moga district of Punjab state of India.Karahe Wala has a population around 950 an average literacy rate of 70% higher than the national average of 55% with male literacy of 65% and female literacy 45%. 35% of the population is under 18 years of age. 85% people do farming and 15% people government employees. The village is at a distance of 1 km from Moga to Amritsar Shaib main road. It is at a distance of 30 km from Moga and 80 km from Amritsar Sahib.
 Jushatuy-e Sofla (Persian: جوشاتوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Jūshātūy-e Soflá; also known as Jūshātū-ye Soflá) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 50 families.
 Caparde (Lukavac) is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kalking (Persian: کلکينگ‎ also Romanized as Kalkīng) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ózdfalu is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Sirduleh (Persian: سيردوله‎ also Romanized as Sīrdūleh) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 39 families.
 Broniewo [brɔˈɲevɔ] (German: Brunauer Sand) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Royal Prussia 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Damlama is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is on Turkish state highway D.750. It is 30 kilometres (19 mi) to Tarsus and 57 kilometres (35 mi) to Mersin. The population of village is 393 as of 2011.
 Wólka Drążdżewska [ˈvulka drɔ̃ʐˈd͡ʐɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Krasnosielc 27 km (17 mi) north of Maków Mazowiecki and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Sobiekursk [sɔˈbjɛkursk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczew within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Karczew 11 km (7 mi) south of Otwock and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Lor (Persian: لر‎; also known as Deh Lor Lord and Lūrail) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 81 families.
 Deraz Ab-e Olya (Persian: درازاب عليا‎ also Romanized as Derāz Āb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Derāz Āb-e Bālā) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 539 in 112 families.
 Erinpura is a village in the Rajasthan state of India. It is located in the Sheoganj Tehsil of the Sirohi district. It is located near the Jawai Bandh station; the Jawai Bandh station was earlier known as Erinpura Road.Erinpura is also a center for weather reports. Historically Erinpura was the base of two successive military units: The Jodhpur Legion and the 43rd Erinpura Regiment.
 Židněves is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jadval-e Torki (Persian: جدول تركي‎ also Romanized as Jadval-e Torkī and Jadval Torkī; also known as Joturki and Jūtorkī) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1471 in 311 families.
 Chah-e Kamal Siah Jinad (Persian: چاه كمال سياه جيند‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Kamāl Sīāh Jīnad) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 39 families.
 Adeh (Persian: اده‎ also Romanized as Ādeh) is a village in Almahdi Rural District Mohammadyar District Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 36 families.
 Kaczkowizna [kat͡ʂkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Żychlin 26 km (16 mi) east of Kutno and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Galumin [ɡaˈlumin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Lubowidz 10 km (6 mi) north of Żuromin and 129 km (80 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kampinos A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lipnica [lipˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Szczecinek and 139 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Gruszów Wielki [ˈɡruʂuf ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Mir Shams ol Din (Persian: ميرشمس الدين‎ also Romanized as Mīr Shams ol Dīn and Mīr Shams od Dīn) is a village in Mir Shams ol Din Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1386 in 400 families.
 Taherabad (Persian: طاهراباد‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād) is a village in Taham Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 26 families.
 Dezli (Persian: دزلي‎ also Romanized as Dezlī; also known as Dizleh) is a village in Dezli Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2627 in 585 families.
 Vina is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 424 people.
 Sorbin [ˈsɔrbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Bliżyn 17 km (11 mi) west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 560.
 Lazarevac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 671 people.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kampinos 28 km (17 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 42 km (26 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Marthal is a medium village in the southern part of India. It is 10 km (6.2 mi) from Nagercoil.Marthal village may look as medium and you may find nothing important in this. But it is a historical place. Once named as Marthanda Naloor. The village has temples that convey the message of being a great place once. Graveyards are the main thing that is in the middle of this village. It has a Matriculation school and it is 100% literate village.
 Kelleys Island is both a village in Erie County Ohio United States and the island which it fully occupies in Lake Erie. Originally known as Island Number 6 and later Cunningham Island it was renamed in 1840 for brothers Datus and Irad Kelley who were largely responsible for cultivatating the island's quarrying logging and winemaking industries.Originally inhabited by Native Americans Kelleys Island was used by the US Military as a rendezvous post during The War of 1812.
 Eloxochitlán is a village and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 200.4 km².As of 2005 the municipality had a total population of 2417.
 Tsenovo (Bulgarian: Ценово pronounced [ˈt͡sɛnuvu]; also transliterated Cenovo or Tzenovo) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria part of Ruse Province. It is the administrative centre of Tsenovo Municipality which lies in the western part of Ruse Province.
 Tazeh Qaleh (Persian: تازه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Qal‘eh) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 725 in 143 families.
 Sadi (Persian: سعدي‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dī; also known as Sa‘dīābād) is a village in Baghin Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1382 in 377 families.
 Tyliczki [tɨˈlit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipinki Łużyckie within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Żary and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sulice Czech Republic is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.The municipality covers an area of 9.87 square kilometres (3.81 sq mi) and as of 2010 it had a population of 1387.First written notice about the village is from year 1282.
 Adamowo [adaˈmɔvɔ] (German Adamshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Stary Dzierzgoń 23 km (14 mi) east of Sztum and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 35.
 Khopadi is a village in Sinnar taluka of the Nashik district in the Indian state Maharashtra.
 Mazraeh-ye Ali Sirjani (Persian: مزرعه علي سيرجاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Alī Sīrjānī) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Božine (Serbian: Божине) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Hancock is a village in Waushara County Wisconsin United States. The population was 417 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Hancock.
 Talkhab (Persian: تلخاب‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Górki Kostrzeszyńskie [ˈɡurki kɔstʂɛˈʂɨɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Hojjatabad (Persian: حجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād; also known as Faraḩābād and Shāhābād) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2245 in 510 families.
 Budne [ˈbudnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Troszyn 17 km (11 mi) east of Ostrołęka and 111 km (69 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Dzhurovtsi is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Harriman is a village in Orange County New York United States. The population was 2424 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.The Village of Harriman is in the southeast part of the Town of Monroe with a small part in the Town of Woodbury.
 Trzcianek [ˈtʂt͡ɕanɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Qarah Jeqqeh (Persian: قره جقه‎ also Romanized as Qareh Jaqqeh and Qareh Jeqqeh) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 21 families.
 Molla Hasan (Persian: ملاحسن‎ also Romanized as Mollā Ḩasan) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 57 families.
 Ramanthali is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.It boasts the gateway for Indian Naval Academy in Ezhiamala.
 Gençali is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 395 people.
 Deh Fazelabad Run (Persian: ده فاضل ابادرون‎ also Romanized as Deh Fāz̤elābād Rūn) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 4 families.
 Dam Tang (Persian: دم تنگ‎; also known as Dam Tang Kūrā‘ī-ye Shāh Manşūrī) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 16 families.
 Meluiyeh (Persian: ملوئيه‎ also Romanized as Melū’īyeh and Melūeeyeh) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mehdilu (Persian: مهديلو‎ also Romanized as Mehdīlū) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wójcinek [vui̯ˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Amárita (in Basque and officially Amarita pronounced with the stress on the second a) is a village and city council in the municipality of Vitoria-Gasteiz in the province of Álava Basque Country Spain. It is included within the rural area northwest of Vitoria.
 Godar-e Zard (Persian: گدارزرد‎ also Romanized as Godār-e Zard; also known as Godār-e Dow Rad and Godār-e Zard-e Zārīn) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Zusno [ˈzusnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kottayi-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Kottayi-I and Kottayi-II come under the Kottayi gram panchayat.
 Kowiesowo [kɔvjɛˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Mszczonów 18 km (11 mi) south of Żyrardów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Chah-e Bagh (Persian: چاه باغ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Bāgh; also known as Chāh Baghal) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 23 families.
 Lak (Persian: لك‎) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 50 families.
 Bilu (Persian: بيلو‎ also Romanized as Bīlū) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 69 families.
 Deh Bagh (Persian: ده باغ‎ also Romanized as Deh Bāgh) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Barczewko [barˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ] (German: Alt Wartenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Bulan (Persian: بولان‎ also Romanized as Būlān Bolān Boolan and Bowlān) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 27 families.
 Kal Parandeh (Persian: كال پرنده‎ also Romanized as Kāl Parandeh; also known as Kalparinda) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cham Shekar (Persian: چمشكر‎ also Romanized as Cham Sheḵar) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 12 families.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] (German Borrek) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzeń Wielki within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Podleśne [pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ] (German: Vorderwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Braniewo and 79 km (49 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 283.
 Gil-e Musha (Persian: گيل موشا‎ also Romanized as Gīl-e Mūshā) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 25 families.
 Masumabad (Persian: معصوم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ma‘şūmābād and Ma‘soom Abad) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 774 in 199 families.
 Zidine is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kumanovo is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province Bulgaria.Kumanovo Peak on Oscar II Coast in Graham Land Antarctica is named after the village.
 Bresnik is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 18 people.
 Bagh-e Jafari (Persian: باغ جعفري‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ja‘farī; also known as Bāgh-e Ja‘far) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ambalikoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Yukarıtandır is a village in the District of İhsaniye Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ichankhu Narayan is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 24425 and had 6288 households in it.
 Vuno (Greek: Βουνό) is a village in the Albanian Riviera. It is located in the municipality of Himarë in the District of Vlorë Albania along the road between Himarë and Dhërmi. The village is known for its many World War II heroes.
 Brzostowo [bʐɔsˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Szczecinek and 141 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Zolmabad (Persian: ظلم اباد‎ also Romanized as Z̧olmābād and Zolmābād) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czarnów [ˈt͡ʂarnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Leszno 20 km (12 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 34 km (21 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Żeroniczki [ʐɛrɔˈnit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Przykona 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Turek and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Khvoshabad (Persian: خوش اباد‎ also Romanized as Khvoshābād Khowshābād and Khushābād; also known as Khosh Abad) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 655 in 153 families.
 Spencer is a village in Spencer Township located in Medina County Ohio United States. The population was 753 at the 2010 census.
 Konstantynów [kɔnstanˈtɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Lelów 32 km (20 mi) east of Częstochowa and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 96.
 Hasin-e Bozorg (Persian: حاسين بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Hāsīn-e Bozorg; also known as Hāsan Ḩāsān Bozorg Hasoon Bozorg Hāsūn Hāsūn-e Bozorg and Hussain) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 49 families.
 Saram (Persian: سارم‎ also Romanized as Sāram) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 32 families.
 Bishehgah-e Bahambar (Persian: بيشه گاه بهمبر‎ also Romanized as Bīshehgāh-e Bahambar) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 504 in 150 families.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Qarkhelar (Persian: قرخلار‎ also Romanized as Qerkhlār and Qerekhlar; also known as Kirkhiar Kirkhlar Kyrkhlar Qahveh Khāneh-ye Qerekhlār Qerkhlār Zanjīreh and Zanjīreh) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 13 families.
 Moluk Bazar (Persian: ملوك بازار‎ also Romanized as Molūk Bāzār; also known as Molūg Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 15 families.
 Pogorzałki [pɔɡɔˈʐau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Czarlino [t͡ʂarˈlinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Sulęczyno 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pobeda (Serbian: Pobeda /Победа Hungarian: Pobedabirtok Croatian: Pobeda) is a village located in the Bačka Topola municipality in the North Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village is ethnically mixed and its population numbering 342 people (2002 census).
 Al-Muzayri'a (Arabic: المُزيرعة‎) was a Palestinian village in the Ramle Subdistrict. It was depopulated in 1948.
 Elamalwewa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pieczyska [pjɛˈt͡ʂɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Saddle Rock is a village and a part of Great Neck in Nassau County New York in the United States. The population was 830 at the 2010 census.The Village of Saddle Rock is in the Town of North Hempstead. It is on the Great Neck Peninsula on the North Shore of Long Island and is often grouped together with the other hamlets and villages and referred to collectively as Great Neck.
 Sadabad (Persian: سعداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dābād; also known as Saiyidābād and Seyyedābād) is a village in Shabeh Rural District Jangal District Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 99 families.
 Đông Thới is a commune (xã) and village in Cái Nước District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1076 in 271 families.
 Damla Espid (Persian: دم لااسپيد‎ also Romanized as Damlā Espīd; also known as Damleh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 6 families.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] (formerly German Hochwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Międzyrzecz 43 km (27 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 48 km (30 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Deh-e Gholam Naruyi (Persian: ده غلام نارويي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Gholām Nārūyī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 14 families.
 Duydukh-e Olya (Persian: دويدوخ عليا‎ also Romanized as Dūydūkh-e ‘Olyā and Dūydokh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dowydokh-e Bālā and Duydokh) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2032 in 405 families.
 Yareshlaman (Persian: يرشلمان‎ also Romanized as Yareshlamān; also known as Yareshlamān-e Bālā) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 44 families.
 Khirbat Al-Manara was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on May 21 1948. It was located 19 km south of Haifa.In 1931 it had 442 houses.
 Badagaun is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3283 people living in 385 individual households.
 Jurab (Persian: جوراب‎ also Romanized as Jūrāb) is a village in Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 72 families.
 Wola Wrzeszczowska [ˈvɔla vʐɛʂˈt͡ʂɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Przytyk 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Radom and 79 km (49 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Lindów [ˈlinduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lipie 16 km (10 mi) north of Kłobuck and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 223.
 Stopnica [stɔpˈnit͡sa] is a village in Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stopnica. It lies in Lesser Poland approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce. In 2007 the village had an approximate population of 1500. In 1362 Stopnica was granted the civic rights by King Casimir III the Great. Stopnica lost the rights in 1870.
 Tomaszów [tɔˈmaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nowojewo [nɔvɔˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Imanabad-e Olya (Persian: ايمان آباد عليا‎ also Romanized as Īmānābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Īmānābād) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mashhad ol Kubeh (Persian: مشهدالكوبه‎ also Romanized as Mashhad ol Kūbeh Mashhad al Kūbeh and Mashhad Alkoobeh; also known as Mashal Kūbe Mashhad al Gūbeh Mashhad-e Elkūbeh and Mashhadelkūbeh) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1658 in 435 families.
 Sydalen is a village in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the west coast of the island of Austvågøya about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of the Gimsøystraumen Bridge on the European route E10 highway. The village of Gravermarka lies about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of Sydalen. Strauman Church is located in Sydalen.
 Pardaram (Persian: پردارم‎ also Romanized as Pardāram) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Kamar Baleh (Persian: كمربله‎ also known as Kamar Bag) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 42 families.
 Dergah (Persian: درگه‎) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 36 families.
 Karolewo [karɔˈlɛvɔ] (German: Karlswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Susz 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Iława and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 100.
 Dash Qayah Bashi (Persian: داش قيه باشي‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Qayah Bāshī; also known as Dāsh Bāshi) is a village in Mulan Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 10 families.
 Jodłów [ˈjɔdwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Nowa Sól and 32 km (20 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Abu Tabareh-ye Yek (Persian: ابوطباره يك‎ also Romanized as Ābū Ţabāreh-ye Yek; also known as Abootabareh and Abū Tabāreh) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 28 families.
 Chociszew [xɔˈt͡ɕiʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Parzęczew 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Naguluppalapadu is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is a major panchayat and has more than 5000 population. It is 18 km away from the district capital Ongole and Ongole-Chirala district highway passes through this village. People of Naguluppalapadu are always known for the love towards their village. Main profession of people of this village is agriculture. Major crops are gram tobacco chillies and cotton.
 Kapi Estonia is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Pirijed (Persian: پيري جد‎ also Romanized as Pīrījed; also known as Pīr Jad Pīr Jād and Tang-e Parījeh) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 22 families.
 Sardasht (Persian: سردشت‎) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 20 families.
 Khaki-ye Olya (Persian: خاكي عليا‎ also Romanized as Khākī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Khākī) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Örtülü' is a village in the District of Hocalar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Dąbrówka-Ług [dɔmˈbrufka ˈwuk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 830.
 Zapustka [zaˈpustka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Miechów and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Vadaure is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2498 living in 451 individual households.
 Sirati (Persian: سيرتي‎ also Romanized as Sīratī; also known as Sīratī-ye Soflá) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 9 families.
 Suha (Cyrillic: Суха) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qaleh (Persian: قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh) is a village in Virmuni Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 83 families.
 Łąka Prudnicka [ˈwɔnka prudˈnit͡ska] (German: Gräflich Wiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prudnik within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Prudnik and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1270.
 Wielopole Skrzyńskie [vjɛlɔˈpɔlɛ ˈskʂɨɲskʲɛ] is a village (town in 1348 - 1933) in Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wielopole Skrzyńskie. It lies in historic Lesser Poland approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Ropczyce and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Żelazkowo [ʐɛlasˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Niechanowo 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Gniezno and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Summerfield is a village in Noble County Ohio United States. The population was 254 at the 2010 census.
 Kerm-e Zard (Persian: كرم زرد‎) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ojkovica is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 290 people.
 Kakadi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2808 persons living in 482 individual households.
 Zębówiec [zɛmˈbuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Vargard (Persian: ورگرد‎; also known as Vargar) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Banica [baˈɲit͡sa] (Ukrainian: Баниця Banytsia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Uście Gorlickie 22 km (14 mi) south of Gorlice and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 260.
 Dobra Nadzieja [ˈdɔbra naˈd͡ʑeja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pleszew and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lipce [ˈlipt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Tuchola and 69 km (43 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Mazraeh-ye Asparuzian (Persian: مزرعه اسپروزيان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Āsparūzīān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Talkhab (Persian: تلخاب‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 13 families.
 Všetaty (Rakovník District) is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Watgal also spelled as Vatagal (Kannada: ವಟಗಲ್ ) is a village near Kavital in the Manvi taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Watgal is a pre-historic period site. Neolithic grey ware of Brahmagiri fabric and Jorwe fabric has been excavted in the village.Watgal is lies between Kavital and Lingasugur
 Emamzadeh Hashem (Persian: امامزاده هاشم‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Hāshem; also known as Imāmzādeh Hashim and Imamzadekh-Gashim) is a village in Saravan Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2395 in 662 families.
 Płociczno [pwɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Bakałarzewo 11 km (7 mi) west of Suwałki and 107 km (66 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Chahkin (Persian: چاهكين‎ also Romanized as Chāhkīn; also known as Chāh Gīn and Chākīn) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 40 families.
 Skakavci (Serbian: Скакавци) is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 274 people.
 Kuthali is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Krstinja is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D216 highway.
 Karalliyadda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ab Garmak (Persian: اب گرمك‎ also Romanized as Āb Garmak) is a village in Falard Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Huvrat Ehl Echeikh is a village and town in Mauritania. FR:Houvrat Ehl Echeikh AR:حفرة أهل الشيخ
 Agrahara (Hosadurga) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hosadurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Trzcianno [ˈtʂt͡ɕannɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Nowy Duninów 15 km (9 mi) west of Płock and 111 km (69 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Tiverton (2001 census population 743) is a community located in Ontario Canada. It is near the shore of Lake Huron on Highway 21 between Port Elgin Ontario and Kincardine Ontario.Tiverton is incorporated in the Municipality of Kincardine.
 Raudna is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 25 (as of 4 January 2010).
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Zagorice (Cyrillic: Загорице) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bachmackie Kolonie [baxˈmat͡skʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Deh-e Pakel Allah Reza (Persian: ده پاكل اله رضا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Pākel Allah Rez̤ā) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 27 families.
 Mastanabad (Persian: مستان اباد‎ also Romanized as Mastānābād) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 37 families.
 Chmielowszczyzna-Kolonia [xmjɛlɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Jarochówek [jarɔˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Daszyna 14 km (9 mi) north of Łęczyca and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Manthali is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2154 people living in 370 individual households.
 Veeranarasanpettai is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Nur [nur] is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nur. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of Warsaw.In 2006 the village had a population of 760.Nur has a long and rich history.
 Deh-e Gajun (Persian: ده گجون‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Gajūn) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Skwierczyn Lacki [ˈskfjɛrt͡ʂɨn ˈlat͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 99 km (62 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Solec [ˈsɔlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Biała Prudnicka 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hadiabad (Persian: هادي اباد‎ also Romanized as Hādīābād) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 684 in 153 families.
 Mir Hojjat Allah Chaharmeh (Persian: ميرحجت الله چهارمه‎ also Romanized as Mīr Ḩojjat Allah Chahārmeh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qeshlaq-e Padar Eys Khan (Persian: قشلاق پادارعيس خان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Pādār ʿEys Khān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Dobroszów Wielki [dɔˈbrɔʂuf ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Nowogród Bobrzański and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.
 Żurawieniec [ʐuraˈvjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lutomiersk 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kallissery (English pronunciation: /kælɨˈsɛri/; Malayalam: കല്ലിശേരി IPA: [kalliɕeːɾi]) is a place in Chengannur Taluk of Alappuzha district of Kerala. It is a part of Thiruvanvandoor village and is a prominent area of local business. Kallissery is part of the Northern Pandanad.Kallissery is part of Chengannur assembly segment and Adv. P C Vishnunath -UDF/INC is the current MLA.
 Chah Gaz (Persian: چاه گز‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gaz) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 761 in 155 families.
 Romanów [rɔˈmanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kalateh-ye Ali Siah (Persian: كلاته علي سياه‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Alī Sīāh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 71 families.
 Adegarahalli (Kannada: ಅದೇಗಾರಹಳ್ಲಿ) is a centrally located village in Karnataka. It is located 20 km (12 mi) from Chickballapur 3 km (1.9 mi) from Mandikal in Chickballapur District and 77 km (48 mi) from Bangalore the state capital. The main occupation of the people is agriculture. Kannada is the main language spoken.
 Cumayanı is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 563 people.
 Gazan Lagaz (Persian: گزان لاگز‎ also Romanized as Gazān Lāgaz) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Hammamlar (Persian: حماملار‎ also Romanized as Ḩammāmlār; also known as Hamānlār) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 936 in 177 families.
 Łęgi [ˈwɛnɡi] (formerly German Laack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dobra 14 km (9 mi) west of Police and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Cage is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Tolombeh-ye Ya Mohammad (Persian: تلمبه يامحمد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Yā Moḩammad) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Juyank (Persian: جوينك‎ also Romanized as Jūyanḵ) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 90 families.
 Golmakan (Persian: گلمكان‎ also Romanized as Golmakān and Gulmakān) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6413 in 1620 families.
 Dębszczyzna [dɛmpʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżewice within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Strzyżewice and 28 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Goločelo (Serbian Cyrillic: Голочело) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 584 in 2002.
 Gashmi (Persian: گشمي‎ also Romanized as Gashmī) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 29 families.
 Brzeski [ˈbʐɛski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sędziejowice 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Łask and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bałaje [baˈwajɛ] (Ukrainian: Балаї Balayi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubaczów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 135.
 Dziewkowice [d͡ʑɛfkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Schewkowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Strzelce Opolskie and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gackowice [ɡat͡skɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sowy [ˈsɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Janowiec Kościelny 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Varbuse is a village in Kanepi Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia. It's located about 9 km northeast of Kanepi the centre of the municipality and about 9 km southwest of the town of Põlva. As of 2011 Census the village's population was 30.The Estonian Road Museum is located in the former Varbuse coaching inn.
 Raczkowa [rat͡ʂˈkɔva] (German: Rosenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Łukawica [wukaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Staszów and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 265.
 Chwaszczewo [xfaʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Sidra 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Glinki [ˈɡlinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczew within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Karczew 13 km (8 mi) south of Otwock and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Zinbar (Persian: زينبر‎ also Romanized as Zīnbar) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jandiala is a village in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab.Jandiala is also known as Jandiala Manjki (A part of a small area known as Manjki Region).Jandiala is a big village as compared to the surrounding villages. The post office opened in around 1910. Till this day the mail to the neighboring villages is routed via Jandiala. At present Jandiala has 16 scheduled and 1 cooperative banks.Jandiala is the only village in the Jalandhar district to have a Government College.
 Aksu (Kazakh: Ақсу) is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan. It is located directly north of Zhansugirov.
 Zebar (Persian: زبار‎ also Romanized as Zebār) is a village in Sirvan Rural District Nowsud District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh Hanarestan (Persian: مزرعه هنرستان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh Hanarestān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Dar Mazar (Persian: درمزار‎ also Romanized as Dar Mazār and Dar-e Mazār; also known as Darb-e Mazār Darb-e Mazār-e Sheīkh Bakhtīār Darbmazār Darb Mazār-e Sheykh Bakhtīār Darb Mazar Sheikh Bakhtiyār and Darīmzār) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 30 families.
 Aliyak (Persian: عليك‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīyak and ‘Alīak) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 761 in 210 families.
 Dhupu is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4295 people living in 813 individual households.
 Hamidabad (Persian: حميداباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 790 in 150 families.
 Chałupki [xaˈwupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Morawica and 20 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 300.
 Qarah Bolagh (Persian: قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bolāgh and Qareh Bolāgh; also known as Kara-Bulag Qarabulāq and Qareh Būlāgh) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 141 families.
 Juna Savar is a village in the Amreli district of Gujarat India. The Setruji River helps this village a lot but sometimes it floods the village during monsoons. Asiatic lions live near the village. Kanani Laheri Makwana(Jinjariya) are main surnames of this village.
 Silverton is a village in the Slocan Valley area of the West Kootenay region of southeastern British Columbia Canada. It is located on the eastern shore of Slocan Lake south of New Denver. It was once British Columbia's smallest municipality in both population and area.
 Kondelan (Persian: كندلان‎ also Romanized as Kondelān; also known as Kondūlān and Ondelān) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 881 in 231 families.
 Krzywa Góra [ˈkʂɨva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pokój 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 23 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Albertów [alˈbɛrtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lutomiersk 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 20 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Piotrowice Polskie [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepłowody within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Ciepłowody 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 56 kilometres (35 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wysoka Lelowska [vɨˈsɔka lɛˈlɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarki within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Żarki 6 km (4 mi) north of Myszków and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Mazraeh-ye Khvajeh Mansur (Persian: مزرعه خواجه منصور‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khvājeh Manşūr) is a village in Sefiddasht Rural District in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Manbar (Persian: منبر‎) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 625 in 122 families.
 Antoniewo [antɔˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Siemiątkowo 20 km (12 mi) south of Żuromin and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Smólsko Duże [ˈsmulskɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 87 km (54 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 478.
 Mijakovce (Serbian: Мијаковце) is a village in Vranje municipality Pčinja District Serbia. In 2002 the village had a population of 37. In 1991 the population was 73.
 Sharafvand (Persian: شرفوند‎) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 39 families.
 Milewko [miˈlɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gorzuchowo [ɡɔʐuˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kalateh-ye Hoseyn (Persian: كلاته حسين‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩoseyn Kalateh Hosein and Kalāteh Husain) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Amrala is a village in Modinagar under the Ghaziabad district in Uttar Pradesh India. It is situated near Faridnagar Bhojpur in Amrala about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) away from Modinagar (NH 58). The main business of the village is agriculture.
 Shad Morad Mahalleh (Persian: شادمرادمحله‎ also Romanized as Shād Morād Maḩalleh; also known as Sādāt Maḩalleh and Shāh Morād Maḩalleh) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 83 families.
 Chah Sang Sefid (Persian: چاه سنگ سفيد‎ also Romanized as Chāh Sang Sefīd) is a village in Borkhar-e Sharqi Rural District Habibabad District Borkhar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chaksibote is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1086 people living in 193 individual households.
 Suchowola-Majątek [suxɔˈvɔla maˈjɔntɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Batase is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3924 persons living in 713 individual households.
 Teymur Kuh (Persian: تيموركوه‎ also Romanized as Teymūr Kūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 55 families.
 Baham Bar (Persian: بهمبر‎; also known as Bakhambar) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 47 families.
 Ortowice [ɔrtɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Ortowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bierawa 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 285.
 Davat (Persian: دعوت‎ also Romanized as Da‘vat and Dāwāt) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 22 families.
 Hartmanice (German: Hartmannitz) is a village in the Czech Republic with a population of 270. It is located in the Svitavy District of the Pardubice Region. It is 608 meters above sea-level. It was first documented in 1437. The Chapel of Saint John of Nepomuk is on the hill over the village built in the 18th century.
 Wybudowanie Raciąskie [vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ raˈt͡ɕɔ̃skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Tuchola and 61 km (38 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 19.
 Striježevica is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the Brestovac municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 7. The village is connected by the D69 state road.
 Bazar Deh (Persian: بازارده‎ also Romanized as Bāzār Deh) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 31 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Serkan (Persian: حسين ابادسركان‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Serkān; also known as Hasanābād Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseynābād Mehrkān) is a village in Solgi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 25 families.
 Villa Larca is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Cerevajka (Albanian: Caravajka) is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 70 people. The village holds an absolute-majority (100%) of Albanian population.
 Taheriabad (Persian: طاهري آباد‎ also Romanized as Ţāherīābād) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 47 families.
 Vanjan (Persian: ونجان‎ also Romanized as Vanjān) is a village in Tirchai Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 111 families.
 Molla Mahmud (Persian: ملامحمود‎ also Romanized as Mollā Maḩmūd) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Piekary [pjɛˈkarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Sulmierzyce 13 km (8 mi) east of Pajęczno and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kulak (Persian: كولك‎ also Romanized as Kūlak) is a village in Irafshan Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 38 families.
 Kępiaste [kɛmˈpjastɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pokrzywnica 19 km (12 mi) south of Pułtusk and 37 km (23 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Azodiyeh (Persian: عضديه‎ also Romanized as Azodīyeh Āzādiyeh and ‘Aẕodīyeh; also known as Qal‘eh Sheykh and Qal‘eh-ye ‘Azodīyeh) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 128 families.
 Yeniçepni is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 106 people.
 Mahadevsthan is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5450 and had 994 houses in it.
 Sundampatti is a village in the Pudukkottai district of India and is 5 km away from Gandarvakottai. The main occupation of the people here is agriculture. The village boasts of having the most educated people in Pudukottai district and has a number of doctors engineers and teachers. The village is connected to the Musukuntha 36 vellala villages.
 Długoszynek [dwuɡɔˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ghazazan (Persian: غزازان‎ also Romanized as Ghazāzān and Ghazzāzān; also known as Kazāzān and Kazzāzān) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 112 families.
 Saingkyu is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Dalków [ˈdalkuf] (German: Dalkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaworzyce within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Gaworzyce 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Polkowice and 100 kilometres (62 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kaland is a village in Austrheim municipality in Hordaland county Norway. The village is located on the northwestern tip of the mainland Lindås peninsula just west of the Mongstad industrial area. The 1.03-square-kilometre (250-acre) village has a population (2012) of 451 giving the village a population density of 438 inhabitants per square kilometre (1130 /sq mi).
 Negrišori is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 549 people.
 Khabab (Arabic: خبب‎ Syriac: ܟܚܐܒܐܒ Khababb) is a town located in southern Syria in the Hauran plain part of the Daraa Governorate 57 km (~36 miles) south of Damascus and about the same distance from the city of Daraa.The old name of the town is Abiba in the old Syrian languages Aramaic Syriac (Assyrian) it means a plain green grass.
 Dorez is a village in the municipality of Pezë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Aqtam (Kazakh: Ақтам) is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Haftkhan (Persian: هفت خان‎ also Romanized as Haftkhān; also known as Hafkūn and Haft Khvān) is a village in Banesh Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 109 families.
 Gazabad (Persian: گزاباد‎ also Romanized as Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 55 families.
 Zebica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 206 people.
 Carraroe (Irish: An Cheathrú Rua Irish pronunciation: [ənˠ ˌça(h).ɾˠuː ˈɾˠuˑə] its official name) is a village in County Galway Republic of Ireland. The village is within the Irish-speaking region (Gaeltacht) of Connemara and is famous for its traditional fishing boats known as Galway Hookers. Its population is widely dispersed over Carraroe peninsula between Greatman's Bay (Cuan an Fhir Mhóir) and Casla Bay (Cuan Chasla).
 Bahman (Persian: بهمن‎; also known as Bakhman and Behmān) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 33 families.
 Nazami Kandi (Persian: نظمي كندي‎ also Romanized as Naz̧amī Kandī) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District in the Central District of Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Luuri is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.
 Tirgan (Persian: تيرگان‎ also Romanized as Tīrgān) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1398 in 315 families.
 Doba Arab (Persian: دباعرب‎ also Romanized as Dobā ʿArab; also known as Dowbbā ‘Arab) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Zarbaran (Persian: زربران‎ also Romanized as Zarbarān) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Olszówka [ɔlˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Pietrele [pjɛˈtrɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Budry 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Węgorzewo and 105 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jaliseh (Persian: جليسه‎ also Romanized as Jalīseh; also known as Jalīseh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 171 families.
 Straszewy [straˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Lubowidz 12 km (7 mi) north of Żuromin and 127 km (79 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ajminal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Haliyal taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Grčić (Serbian: Грчић) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ljubovija municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. In 2002 the village had a population of 334 all of whom were ethnic Serbs.
 Tolar Grande is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Akseh-ye Olya (Persian: عكسه عليا‎ also Romanized as ‘Akseh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Āchseh-ye Bālā) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 Zielonka Pasłęcka [ʑɛˈlɔnka paˈswɛnt͡ska] (German: Grünhagen[citation needed]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pasłęk 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 606.
 Velesnica is a village in the municipality of Kladovo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 265 people.
 Kabrik (Persian: كبريك‎ also Romanized as Kabrīk; also known as Kaberak Kavarik and Kyavaryk) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] (German: Friedrichsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Świebodzin 26 km (16 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 68 km (42 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Shesh Kalayeh (Persian: ششكلايه‎ also Romanized as Shesh Kalāyeh and Shesh Kelāyeh) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 34 families.
 Adelphi is a village in Ross County Ohio United States. The population was 380 at the 2010 census.
 Zasępiec [zaˈsɛmpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Wolbrom 16 km (10 mi) east of Olkusz and 33 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Soleymanabad (Persian: سليمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Soleymānābād) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 47 families.
 Krasnolipka [krasnɔˈlipka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 3.
 Kannamkulangara/Kannankulangara is a desam [area] in the Southern part of Thrissur which is a part of OR intersected with Koorkenchery; in Kerala state South India. Kannankulangara is a commercial and residential area in Thrissur Kerala India.
 Dashtak (Persian: دشتك‎; also known as Tāis Tāq and Tāys Dāgh) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1265 in 308 families.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Smogorzów Wielki [smɔˈɡɔʐuf ˈvjɛlki] (German: Groß Schmograu) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Theresa is a village in Dodge County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1262 at the 2010 census. The village is within the Town of Theresa.
 Sheykh Hasan (Persian: شيخ حسن‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩasan; also known as Sheykh Ḩoseyn) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 65 families.
 Wola Mielecka [ˈvɔla mjɛˈlɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Mielec and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1823.
 Karak Zarkul Changar (Persian: كرك زاركول چنگر‎ also Romanized as Karaḵ Zārḵūl Changar) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bonkuy-e Kazemi (Persian: بنكوي كاظمي‎ also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Kāz̧emī) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 10 families.
 Dasht Avzar (Persian: دشت اوزر‎) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 20 families.
 Dırazlar is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 821 people.
 Maszków [ˈmaʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Sulęcin and 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 90.
 Dzierżysławice [d͡ʑɛrʐɨswaˈvit͡sɛ] German Dirschelwitz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau) within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Głogówek (Oberglogau) 18 km (11 mi) east of Prudnik and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Peratovci is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Seyqalvandan (Persian: صيقل وندان‎ also Romanized as Şeyqalvandān) is a village in Tulem Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 615 in 168 families.
 Preczów [ˈprɛt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Psary 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Będzin and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 796.
 Harkatta is a municipality in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. It was recently announced as a municipality combining two neighboring Village Development Committees; Sunwal and Swathi; of the district (by means of financial plan for the fiscal year 2011-2012 on July 16 2011). At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14166 people living in 2720 individual households.
 Rõuma is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Balıkçılar is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Gandomriz (Persian: گندم ريز‎ also Romanized as Gandomrīz Gandom Rīz and Gandum Riz) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 23 families.
 Ceyüpler is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 201 people.
 Cham Lishan (Persian: چم ليشان‎ also Romanized as Cham Līshān; also known as Mulla Abul Hasan) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 22 families.
 Donje Točane is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 122 people.
 Podleńce [pɔdˈlɛɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 11 km (7 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Żelechlinek 21 km (13 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Waganiec [vaˈɡaɲet͡s] (German: Wagnitz) is a village in Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Waganiec. It lies 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 1300.
 Lirui (Persian: ليروي‎ also Romanized as Līrūī) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Mir Hoseyni (Persian: تلمبه ميرحسيني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mīr Ḩoseynī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dizaj-e Herik (Persian: ديزج هريك‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Herīk; also known as Dīzaj-e Arīk) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 87 families.
 Gazmand (Persian: گزماند‎ also Romanized as Gazmānd) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Ranamure is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chub Ab (Persian: چوب اب‎ also Romanized as Chūb Āb) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vilenjača is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jubin Nautiyal (Persian: چوبيندر‎ also Romanized as Chūbīn Dar and Choobindar; also known as Jūbīn Dar Chūbīn and Chundar) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8083 in 1904 families.
 Ravna Gora is a village in Sozopol Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Stare Tarnowo [ˈstarɛ tarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Karkikhan (Persian: كركيخان‎ also Romanized as Karkīkhān and Karkīn Khān) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District Oshtorinan District Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1713 in 440 families.
 Karuk (Persian: كروك‎ also Romanized as Karūk) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lasek-Kolonia [ˈlasɛk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Bronisław [brɔˈniswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Shahr Asb (Persian: شهراسب‎ also Romanized as Shahr Āsb and Shahrasb; also known as Shahrāb Shāh Rasm and Shān Rasm) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District in the Central District of Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 618 in 185 families.
 Ab Zahlu (Persian: ابزهلو‎ also Romanized as Āb Zahlū; also known as Āb Zahlī) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 17 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Ahmad Eslami (Persian: تلمبه احمداسلامي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Aḩmad Eslāmī) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Golpa (Persian: گلپا‎ also Romanized as Golpā) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 17 families.
 Stary Szwarocin [ˈstarɨ ʂfaˈrɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Rybno 10 km (6 mi) west of Sochaczew and 61 km (38 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh-ye Rezavi (Persian: مزرعه رضوي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Reẕavī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Witki [ˈvʲitkʲi] (Ukrainian: Витки Vytky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzików within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stary Dzików 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Lubaczów and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Thekkur is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Gajgin (Persian: گجگين‎ also Romanized as Gajgīn and Gojgīn; also known as Gajkīn) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 62 families.
 Mõisaküla is a village in Kiili Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Sirivada is a village in Peddapuram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh
 Kujawy [kuˈjavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Miastków Kościelny 15 km (9 mi) east of Garwolin and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Rey Zamin (Persian: ري زمين‎ also Romanized as Rey Zamīn) was a village in Asara Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 20 families. It has since been incorporated into the city of Asara.
 Sepah Mahalleh (Persian: سپاه محله‎ also Romanized as Sepāh Maḩalleh; also known as Sepāh-e Dānesh) is a village in Pazevar Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 83 families.
 Banachy [baˈnaxɨ] (Ukrainian: Банахи Banakhy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Harasiuki 30 km (19 mi) east of Nisko and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 210.
 Kalateh-ye Now (Persian: كلاته نو‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Now and Kalāteh Now; also known as Kalāt-e Now Kalāteh Miyānrūd Kalāteh-ye Mīān Rūd Mīān Rūd and Miyan Rood) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 23 families.
 Kharabanan-e Olya (Persian: خرابانان عليا‎ also Romanized as Kharābānān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 33 families.
 Safi Khanlu (Persian: صفي خانلو‎ also Romanized as Şafī Khānlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 15 families.
 Posht-e Sabad (Persian: پشت ساباد‎ also Romanized as Posht-e Sābād) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District in the Central District of Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 47 families.
 Aleksandrovo is a village situated in Merošina municipality in Serbia.
 Kermaran (Persian: كرمران‎ also Romanized as Kermarān and Kermerān; also known as Kerīmnūn and Kirimun) is a village in Ruydar Rural District Ruydar District Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 90 families.
 Niwki [ˈnifki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Barda del Medio is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina. It is located northwest of the province of Río Negro in the General Roca department to the north of Patagonia. The population of Barda del Medio is 6.5 km from the municipality of Contralmirante Cordero along National Route 151 and is under its jurisdiction.
 Skroda Wielka [ˈskrɔda ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Kolno and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 159.
 Olszanka [ɔlˈʂanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Przywidz 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Pruszcz Gdański and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 153.
 Alıçlı is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Mehram (Persian: مهرام‎ also Romanized as Mehrām; also known as Bahrām) is a village in Khanamrud Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Baldwinsville is a village in Onondaga County New York United States. The population was 7378 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Syracuse Metropolitan Statistical Area.Baldwinsville is located in the towns of Lysander and Van Buren.
 Dar Zanguiyeh (Persian: درزنگوييه‎ also Romanized as Dar Zangū’īyeh; also known as Dar Zangū and Zangū’īyeh) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 32 families.
 Mobarakiyeh (Persian: مباركيه‎ also Romanized as Mobāraḵīyeh) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tokhm Del (Persian: تخمدل‎ also Romanized as Tokhomdel; also known as Tokhumdil and Tokhundil’) is a village in Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 660 in 169 families.
 Zaborcze [zaˈbɔrt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przecław within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Przecław 8 km (5 mi) south of Mielec and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Florianka [flɔˈrjanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Józefów 18 km (11 mi) east of Biłgoraj and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Beryani (Persian: برياني‎ also Romanized as Beryānī and Bereyānī; also known as Jāmīzeh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 32 families.
 Jam Bozorgi (Persian: جام بزرگي‎ also Romanized as Jām Bozorgī; also known as Jāmeh Bozorgī) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 921 in 182 families.
 Heraskah (Persian: هرسكه‎ also Romanized as Herasgah) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Maligatenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kopiec [ˈkɔpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Iwaniska 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Opatów and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 80.
 Aqjeh Qaleh (Persian: اقجه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Āqjeh Qal‘eh and Aqjeh Qal‘eh; also known as Āghjeh Qal‘eh Akcha-Kalekh Aqcha Qal‘eh and Āqcheh Qal‘eh) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 82 families.
 Dreglin [ˈdrɛɡlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Glinojeck 28 km (17 mi) west of Ciechanów and 86 km (53 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Baby [ˈbabɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 41.
 Keshavardeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كشورده سفلي‎ also Romanized as Keshavardeh-ye Soflá; also known as Keshavarzeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 18 families.
 North Robinson is a village in Crawford County Ohio United States. The population was 205 at the 2010 census.
 Dębie [ˈdɛmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Popów 15 km (9 mi) north of Kłobuck and 89 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 291.
 Shahrak-e Emam Hoseyn (Persian: شهرك امام حسين)‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Ḩoseyn; also known as Bard-e Ghamchī) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 16 families.
 Rezaabad (Persian: رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād; also known as Razābād) is a village in Khenaman Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 5 families.
 Gnjilan is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2478 people.
 Borucza [bɔˈrut͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Strachówka 22 km (14 mi) east of Wołomin and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 75.
 Ürküt is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Deh Malek (Persian: ده ملك‎) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Kuyubaşı Batman is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 4628 people.
 Ghursheba is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Azizabad-e Olya (Persian: عزيزابادعليا‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād-e ‘Olyā and ‘Azīzābād ‘Olyā; also known as Azīz Ābād and ‘Azīzābād-e Bālā) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 43 families.
 Delgasyaya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kani Sib (Persian: كاني سيب‎ also Romanized as Kānī Sīb) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 6 families.
 Stefanów [stɛˈfanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Cyców 12 km (7 mi) east of Łęczna and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Suchobrzeźnica [suxɔbʐɛʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Osiek 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 76 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Dağıstan is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Podraczynie [pɔdraˈt͡ʂɨɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Przesmyki 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 112 km (70 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dash Bolagh Bazar (Persian: داش بلاغ بازار‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh-e Bāzār and Dāsh Bolāgh Bāzār; also known as Dāsh Bolagh) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 55 families.
 Kalah Sara (Persian: كله سرا‎ also Romanized as Kalah Sarā and Kaleh Sarā) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1089 in 253 families.
 Morteza Gerd (Persian: مرتضي گرد‎ also Romanized as Morteẕá Gerd) is a village in Khalazir Rural District Aftab District Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3556 in 837 families.
 Deh Dushab (Persian: ده دوشاب‎ also Romanized as Deh Dūshāb; also known as Deh Dūshābād) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 41 families.
 Chak No. 670/11 G.B. is located approximately 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from Pir Mahal. The real name of this village is Rukan-Aabad. It has one government high school one hospital the Basic Health Unit and two mosques. The population of this village is 20000.[citation needed]
 Karahayıt is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 294 people.
 Thennamanadu is a village panjayath of Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu South India. It is located between the cities of Thanjavur and Pattukkottai (20 km from Thanjavur and 2 km from Orathanadu).
 Mowtowr-e Amini (Persian: موتوراميني‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Āmīnī) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Niidiküla is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.According to the 2000 census the population of Niidiküla was 18.
 Bijar Boneh-ye Pain (Persian: بيجاربنه پايين‎ also Romanized as Bījār Boneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Bījār Boneh) is a village in Layalestan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 512 in 151 families.
 Stugudalen is a village in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located along the lake Stuggusjøen about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the municipal center of Ås and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of the lake Nesjøen. The village is primarily a tourist area with many summer cabins near the lake. The Stugudal Chapel is located in the village.
 Idaerd (Dutch: Idaard) is a small village in Boarnsterhim in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around an estimated 100 citizens (2007).
 Pogonów [pɔˈɡɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zbuczyn 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Siedlce and 103 km (64 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Akhara or Akhada(actual pronunciation) village comes under the Bhogpur development block of Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Abeïbara is a small Saharan village and rural commune in the Abeïbara Cercle of the Kidal Region of north-eastern Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 8320 square kilometers and contains 11 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4585.
 Buyut Aram is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Pulachaur is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3394 people living in 736 individual households.
 Venastan (Persian: ونستان‎ also Romanized as Venastān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zagórzyczki [zaɡuˈʐɨt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Damnica 16 km (10 mi) east of Słupsk and 90 km (56 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 33.
 Mazraeh-ye Fazlabad (Persian: مزرعه فضل آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Fz̤lābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sierniki [ɕerˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rogoźno 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Oborniki and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 280.According to tradition Sierniki was the place of the death of King Przemysł II in 1296.
 Burczak [ˈburt͡ʂak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Czarna Białostocka and 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Río Piedras is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Južni Kočarnik is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 41 people.
 Poppenwier (Dutch: Poppingawier) is a small village in Boarnsterhim in the province Friesland of the Netherlands. In 2004 the population was approximately 184.
 Heydarlu (Persian: حيدرلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarlū; also known as Ḩeydarlū-ye Sīr) is a village in Baranduz Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 64 families.
 Ardanj (Persian: اردنج‎) is a village in Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 59 families.
 Gołaszyn [ɡɔˈwaʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Oborniki and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kępa Nadbrzeska [ˈkɛmpa nadˈbʐɛska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczew within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Karczew 10 km (6 mi) south of Otwock and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Darreh Palangi (Persian: دره پلنگي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Palangī) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 18 families.
 Kępa Kiełpińska [ˈkɛmpa kʲɛu̯ˈpiɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łomianki 18 km (11 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Qoman Khoda Nazer (Persian: قمان خدا نظر‎ also Romanized as Qomān Khodā Naẓer) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Do Mohammad Khan (Persian: تلمبه دومحمدخان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Do Moḩammad Khān; also known as Dahu Dahū’īyeh Dehoo’iyeh Baghin Dehū’īyeh Dohū’īyeh and Tolombeh-ye Do) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gabulan (Persian: گبولان‎ also Romanized as Gabūlān; also known as Gabūl) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 554 in 88 families.
 Jowzurdan-e Sofla (Persian: جوزردان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Jowzūrdān-e Soflá; also known as Deh-e Tah Jowzadān-e Soflá and Jowzardān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District Eresk District Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sulice [suˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Neu Gerdshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Talem Seh Shanbeh (Persian: طالم سه شنبه‎ also Romanized as Tālem Seh Shanbeh; also known as Seh Shanbeh Sishambeh and Sishkhambekh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3007 in 880 families.
 Zawiszyn [zaˈviʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Jadów 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Alappad is a coastal village in the Kollam District of the Indian state Kerala. It is situated on a narrow strip of land sandwiched between the Arabian Sea and the TS Canal - the village is approximately 16 km long and its narrowest point is as thin as 33 meters. The village is connected to the mainland by a bridge at the southern part of the land strip as well as by country boat ferries operated by the Panchayat and private parties.
 Deli Ji-ye Zavareh (Persian: دلي جي زواره‎ also Romanized as Delī Jī-ye Zavāreh) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Buaneh (Persian: بوانه‎ also Romanized as Būāneh) is a village in Bilavar Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 45 families.
 Løken is a village in the municipality of Aurskog-Høland Norway. Its population (2005) is 906.
 Wójtostwo [vui̯ˈtɔstfɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sulejów 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Arles or Arless (historically Ardlisse from Irish: Ard Lios meaning high ringfort) is a village in County Laois Ireland. It lies 2 km (1.24 mi) northwest of Ballickmoyler and 10 km (6.21 mi) northwest of Carlow on the N80 national secondary road. Located close to Carlow the village has rapidly expanded in size since the 1960s when it comprised just a few houses around the church.
 Oghlan Tappeh (Persian: اغلان تپه‎ also Romanized as Oghlān Tappeh Owghlān Tappeh and Uqlān Tepe) is a village in Ramjin Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1480 in 369 families.
 Garmirkush (Persian: گرمیرکوش‎ also Romanized as Garmīrḵūsh) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Özlü Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kiełczówka [kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Moszczenica 17 km (11 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mil Aghardan (Persian: ميل اغاردان‎ also Romanized as Mīl Āghārdān and Mīlāghārdān; also known as Miragarden) is a village in Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Owdui (Persian: اودوئي‎ also Romanized as Owdūī and Owdoee) is a village in Bondar Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 65 families.
 Deer Park is a village in Lake and Cook counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. The population was 3200 at the 2010 census. The village is one of the few left in the Chicago area that enjoy a green belt which is bordered by two large natural areas providing outdoor recreation and open space. The village is home to popular shopping and dining destinations: Deer Park Town Center and the Town Center Promenade.
 Varavi (Persian: وراوي‎ also Romanized as Varāvī) is a village in Khvormuj Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 39 families.
 Staw [staf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnożyły within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Czarnożyły 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 84 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 320.
 Hajat (Persian: حاجات‎ also Romanized as Ḩājāt) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Łówcze [ˈwuft͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 4 km (2 mi) north-east of Lębork and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Wodzisław [vɔˈd͡ʑiswaf] is a village in Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wodzisław. It lies in historic Lesser Poland approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.Between the 16th and 19th centuries Wodzisław was a property of the Lanckorońscy family.
 Raszewo Włościańskie [raˈʂɛvɔ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rzewuszyce [ʐɛvuˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kluczewsko 9 km (6 mi) north of Włoszczowa and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Konstantowo [kɔnstanˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pruszcz 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Świecie 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of Toruń.
 Golesze Duże [ɡɔˈlɛʂɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wolbórz 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Val Marie is a prairie village located in the southwestern region of Saskatchewan Canada. It is only a few kilometres from the Canada-USA border.Considered the gateway to the Grasslands National Park Val Marie's economy is largely based on wheat farming ranching and tourism. Minor amounts of natural gas have been found nearby.
 Radysy [raˈdɨsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Biała Piska 16 km (10 mi) east of Pisz and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Kola or Kola-Sokoro is a village and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 2568.
 Chukarka is a village in the municipality of Aytos in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Dziśnity [d͡ʑiɕˈnitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rychliki 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 64 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 56 families.
 Marianka [maˈrjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Gomunice 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Radomsko and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Biadoliny Szlacheckie [bjadɔˈlinɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.There is a railway station in the village.
 Daraq (Persian: درق‎) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bhugaon is a village in Pune India that is located in the outskirts of the city. This rural area is now growing rapidly because of the development of the city.
 Kulhalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Jamkhandi taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Pawłowo [paˈvwɔvɔ] (German: Groß-Paglau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Chojnice and 100 km (62 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 803.
 Svorkmo is village in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is situated in the Orkdalen valley along the river Orkla about 60 kilometres (37 mi) west-southwest of the city of Trondheim. Svorkmo is located about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) south of Vormstad and about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of Orkanger-Fannrem.
 Barai is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4613.
 Sasiny [saˈɕinɨ] (Ukrainian: Сасини Sasyny) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Ogougouworo is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Ślepowrony [ɕlɛpɔˈvrɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Sochocin 9 km (6 mi) east of Płońsk and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Łużki [ˈwuʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Żelechów 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Mian Volan-e Sofla (Persian: ميان ولان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mīān Volān-e Soflá and Mīānvolān-e Soflá) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Rezaabad (Persian: رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Rez̤āābād; also known as Laskhū’īyeh (Persian: لشكوئيه)) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chipring is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1331 persons living in 263 individual households.
 Seh Tappeh (Persian: سه تپه‎) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 25 families.
 Ywadanshe is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Sokołowice [sɔkɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszyce within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 21 km (13 mi) east of Proszowice and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kirazlıyurt is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Kalateh-ye Gaz (Persian: كلاته گز‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Gaz) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 30 families.
 Phikal Bazar is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7723 persons living in 1481 individual households.
 Vanegah (Persian: وانگاه‎ also Romanized as Vānegāh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 37 families.
 Owji Talar (Persian: اوجي تالار‎ also Romanized as Owjī Tālār; also known as Ojī Tālār and Ūchītālār) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 79 families.
 Kawka [ˈkafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Niemce and 17 km (11 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Shahrak-e Septun (Persian: شهرك سپتون‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Septūn; also known as Septūn) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 80 families.
 Borysowszczyzna [bɔrɨsɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] (Ukrainian: Борисівщина Borysivshchyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nurzec-Stacja 17 km (11 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 76 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Roqeh-ye Kabir (Persian: رقعه كبير‎ also Romanized as Roq‘eh-ye Kabīr; also known as Roq‘eh) is a village in Horjand Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 21 families.
 Dylów A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cheshmeh Godar (Persian: چشمه گدار‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Godār) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pubowal is a village in Una district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
 Karamabad (Persian: كرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karamābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 53 families.
 Manawtha is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies on the Chindwin River to the east of Chaunggan.
 Wola Buchowska [ˈvɔla buˈxɔfska] (Ukrainian: Воля Бухівська Volia Bukhivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Jarosław and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Motasemabad (Persian: معتصم آباد‎ also Romanized as Mo‘taşemābād; also known as Javādīyeh) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 57 families.
 Zagheh-ye Bozorg-e Qaleh-ye Ranjbar (Persian: زاغه بزرگ قلعه رنجبر‎ also Romanized as Zāgheh-ye Bozorg-e Qal‘eh-ye Ranjbar; also known as Zāgheh) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 32 families.
 Sarab-e Shah Hoseyn (Persian: سراب شاه حسين‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Shāh Ḩoseyn; also known as Sarāb-e Shāh Ḩoseynī) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 31 families.
 Yarpur is a village in Hilsa block Nalanda district Bihar India. It is just 6 km from Hilsa and 1 km from Yogipur. It is populated by 800 farmers. It has been a leader in political movements across the region.It is to the west of village Gulni.
 Derbent is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 386 people.
 Not to be confused with Dahiwad Shirpur.Dahiwad is a village in Amalner taluka and Jalgaon district in the state of Maharashtra India. It is located around 17 kilometers from Amalner. Dahiwad is home to Navbharat Secondary & Higher Secondary High School.This village is for Khandoba's Yatra (Baara Gada).
 Eruthempathy is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the Eruthampathy gram panchayat.
 Bardiyeh-ye Kuchek (Persian: برديه كوچك‎ also Romanized as Bardīyeh-ye Kūchek; also known as Daḩīmāvīyeh and Dakhmāvīyeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 29 families.
 Rezaabad-e Shomsai (Persian: رضاابادشمسائي‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād-e Shomsā’ī; also known as Reẕāābād) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Borghun (Persian: برغون‎ also Romanized as Borghūn and Barghūn) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 67 families.
 Jafarbagi-ye Sofla (Persian: جافربيگي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farbagī-ye Soflá) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 17 families.
 Hojjatabad (Persian: حجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vojka (Serbian Cyrillic: Војка) is a village in Vojvodina Serbia in the municipality of Stara Pazova.
 Medapititenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Merdžanići is a village in the municipality of Fojnica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hoseynabad-e Kalali (Persian: حسين ابادكلالي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kalālī) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District Pain Jam District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 102 families.
 Ghonchi (Persian: غنچي‎ also Romanized as Ghonchī; also known as Qonchī) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 43 families.
 Stołuń [ˈstɔwuɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Łabędzie [waˈbɛnd͡ʑɛ] (German: Labenz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Drawsko Pomorskie and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pazar Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Savan-e Jadid (Persian: ساوان جديد‎ also Romanized as Sāvān-e Jadīd; also known as Sāvān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 553 in 98 families.
 Bułaków [buˈwakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Pogorzela 21 km (13 mi) east of Gostyń and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Menaku is a village in the northeast of Maré Island in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia. It lies south by road from Kaewatine and northwest of the main town of La Roche.It lies 27 kilometres from Tadine and as of 1996 had a population of 127 people.The Grand-Chief is Naisseline Henri Yé Nidoish the Chief is Cuéwapur Cuki and the President of the Council is Wakana Kadéne. The main language spoken by the inhabitants is the indigenous Nengoné language and the French language.
 Lisnowo [lisˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie nad Osą within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Świecie nad Osą 26 km (16 mi) east of Grudziądz and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of Toruń.Among dr Marian Majkowski’s notable designs is the church in this village.The village has a population of 760.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1042 in 219 families.
 Ustarbowo [ustarˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 220.
 Lugë-Shalqizë is a village in the municipality of Bërzhitë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Krundiküla is a village in Häädemeeste Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Delchevo (before 1934:Yuch duruk) is a village in Gotse Delchev Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. The village is 3 kilometers southwest of Gotse Delchev and about 600 m higher in the Pirin mountain 71 kilometers southeast of Blagoevgrad and is connected with the town of Gotse Delchev by a steep 8 kilometers long mountainous road accessible during the whole year. There are a few permanent residents in the village. The only source of income is the touristic business.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 382 in 95 families.
 Nibork Drugi [ˈnibɔrk ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Krynickie [krɨˈnit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zabłudów and 16 km (10 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 400.
 Yoncalı is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 323 people.
 Aylesbury is a village in south-central Saskatchewan Canada approximately 60 km north of Moose Jaw. Aylesbury is part of the Rural Municipality of Craik. It incorporated as a town in 1910.A Parrish & Heimbecker grain elevator was constructed in 1906 and was the last elevator to operate in Aylesbury up until the mid-1990s. It was demolished in October 2009.
 Qalaychi (Persian: قلايچي‎ also Romanized as Qalāychī) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 23 families.
 Świeciechów Poduchowny-Zychówki [ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕɛxuf pɔduˈxɔvnɨ zɨˈxufkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 67.
 Khomeh Olya (Persian: خمه عليا‎ also Romanized as Khomeh Olya and Khomeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Khvomeh-ye Bālā Khomeh Bālā Khomeh-ye Bālā Khowmb-e Bālā and Khumbe Bāla) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 755 in 149 families.
 Lancaster is a village in Erie County New York United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 10352. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.The Village of Lancaster is in the west part of the Town of Lancaster and is east of Buffalo New York.The Lancaster Opera House is locally famous for its musicals and stage plays. The current mayor is Paul Maute.
 Nietoperek [ɲɛtɔˈpɛrɛk] (formerly German Nipter) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Międzyrzecz 42 km (26 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 52 km (32 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 239 (population in 2008).
 Stróżewo [struˈʐɛvɔ] (German: Straußen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kandar-e Sheykh (Persian: كندرشيخ‎) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 16 families.
 Bagh-e Ebrahim (Persian: باغ ابراهيم‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ebrāhīm) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 15 families.
 Woroszyły [vɔrɔˈʂɨwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wasilków and 13 km (8 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Češljeva Bara is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradište Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 489 people.
 Chintakani or Chinthakani is a Mandal in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Shahrak-e Bahram (Persian: شهرك بهرام‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Bahrām) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3320 in 690 families.
 Hajj Yusef (Persian: حاج يوسف‎ also Romanized as Ḩājj Yūsef and Ḩājj Yūsof; also known as Ḩajī Yūsef Ḩājjī Yūsef and Ḩājjī Yūsofī) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Agasabal (Basavana Bagevadi) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Basavana Bagevadi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Robat (Persian: رباط‎ also Romanized as Robāţ) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 92 families.
 Olszowa Droga [ɔlˈʂɔva ˈdrɔɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Cave is a village in Lincoln County Missouri United States. The population was 5 at the 2010 census.
 Hasan Su (Persian: حسن سو‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Sū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 728 in 178 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Qaleh Kohneh Kahriz (Persian: مزرعه قلعه كهنه كهريز‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Qal‘eh Kohneh Kahrīz) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 14 families.
 Lechlin [ˈlɛxlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Skoki 10 km (6 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 An Thuy is a rural commune and village in Lệ Thủy District Quảng Bình Province Vietnam. Local economy is mainly agricultural rice production and cattle breeding.
 Anquincila is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Dobratice (German: Dobratitz Polish: Dobracice) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 1032 (2006). The village lies in the historical region of Těšín Silesia.
 Darreh Dom (Persian: دره دم‎) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Nili (Persian: نيلي‎ also Romanized as Nīlī) is a village in Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1048 in 226 families.
 Chaleh Tarkhan (Persian: چاله طرخان‎ also Romanized as Chāleh Ţarkhān; also known as Chāl Ţarkhān and Chāh Ţarkhān) is a village in Qaleh Now Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 658 in 172 families.Stucco wall decorations dating from the Sassanid Empire are preserved at Chaleh Tarkhan.
 Pomaski Wielkie [pɔˈmaski ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Maków Mazowiecki and 67 km (42 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Uniejów 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pępice [pɛmˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Skarbimierz 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Brzeg and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 360.
 Wierzbice Górne [vjɛʐˈbit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Sokołów Podlaski and 102 km (63 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Gakgatla is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. The village is located around 40 km north-west of the capital of Botswana Gaborone. The population of Gakgatla was 211 in 2001 census.
 Taqiabad (Persian: تقي اباد‎ also Romanized as Taqīābād) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowa Wróblina [ˈnɔva vruˈblina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Stanin 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Łuków and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nestan (Persian: نستان‎ also Romanized as Nestān; also known as Neyestān and Nīstān) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 686 in 113 families.
 Brajkovići is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 724 people.
 Ligota Dobrodzieńska [liˈɡɔta dɔbrɔˈd͡ʑeɲska] (German: Ellguth Guttentag) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dobrodzień 16 km (10 mi) south of Olesno and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.The village is officially bilingual in both Polish and German.
 Kuraki (Persian: كوركي‎ also Romanized as Kūrakī) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District Mahmeleh District Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 11 families.
 Khosrowabad (Persian: خسروآباد‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād; also known as Khosroābād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1118 in 237 families.
 Lahneh (Persian: لهنه‎) is a village in Gilvan Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 Vlastějovice is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Panhar (Persian: پانهر‎ also Romanized as Pānhar; also known as Pānar) is a village in Berentin Rural District Bikah District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 783 in 168 families.
 Klatka [ˈklatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wieruszów and 105 km (65 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tarzymiechy Drugie [taʐɨˈmjɛxɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Izbica 17 km (11 mi) south of Krasnystaw and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 360.
 Vrelo Koreničko is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D52 highway.
 Mali Bastaji is a village in Croatia.
 Pastwiska [pastˈfʲiska] (Ukrainian: Паствиська Pastvys’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarszyn within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Zarszyn 21 km (13 mi) west of Sanok and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 140.In the village there is the small church of St Jozef with connections to Pope John Paul II.
 Hesar-e Sati (Persian: حصارساتي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Sātī Hesār-e-Sātī Ḩeşār Sātī and Hisār Sathi) is a village in Juqin Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1052 in 276 families.
 Bravantice is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Belludi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Harihar taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Hrgar (Cyrillic: Хргар) is a village in the municipality of Bihać Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Abnama (Persian: ابنما‎ also Romanized as Ābnamā) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 10 families.
 Scandinavia is a village in the Town of Scandinavia in Waupaca County Wisconsin United States. The population was 328 at the 2010 census. The village president is Lee Nielsen Johnson.[citation needed]
 Rang Rezi (Persian: رنگ رزي‎ also Romanized as Rang Rezī) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Kniaziówka [kɲaˈʑufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Habalakatti (Kannada: ಹಾಬಲಕಟ್ಟಿ ) is a village in the Kushtagi taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 Chegarman-e Gholamhoseyn (Persian: چگارمان غلامحسين‎ also Romanized as Chegārmān-e Gholāmḩoseyn; also known as Gholāmḩoseynābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 41 families.
 Lilyanovo is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Hejamadi or Hejamady is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India.It is located on north banks of river Shambhavi while Mulky is located on southern banks. Kannangar village is nearby Hejamady. There is an old road diverting from NH-66 ( Old NH-17 ) leading to village. It is located in the Udupi taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Drużbice 18 km (11 mi) north of Bełchatów and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 30.
 Všeradice is a village and municipality in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Department of Agriculture (Persian: دانشكده كشاورزي‎ – Dānshakadeh-ye Keshāvarzī) is a village and government facility in Nazluchay Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 20 families.
 Kherreh Siah (Persian: خره سياه‎ also Romanized as Kherreh Sīāh Kharreh Seyāh and Kharreh Sīāh) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 22 families.
 Jeziorno [jɛˈʑɔrnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koneck within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kulen Vakuf is a village in the municipality of Bihać Bosnia and Herzegovina. Kulen Vakuf was the birthplace of the respected Mehmed-beg Kulenović.
 Elżbiecin [ɛlʐˈbjɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dehrud-e Sofla (Persian: دهرودسفلي‎ also Romanized as Dehrūd-e Soflá and Dehrood Sofla; also known as Dehrūd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dehrud Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1666 in 343 families.
 Nowy Krasnosielc [ˈnɔvɨ krasˈnɔɕelt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nukabad (Persian: نوك اباد‎ also Romanized as Nūkābād) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 38 families.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمد آباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Kowleh Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 72 families.
 Krzewno [ˈkʂɛvnɔ] (German: Hohenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Braniewo and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 225.
 Ignatówka [iɡnaˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jeleniewo 21 km (13 mi) north of Suwałki and 129 km (80 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Strzykuły [stʂɨˈkuwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 13 km (8 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 220.
 Drzazgi [ˈdʐazɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Burgoon /ˈbɜrɡuːn/ is a village in Sandusky County Ohio United States. The population was 172 at the 2010 census.
 Jowkan (Persian: جوكان‎ also Romanized as Jowkān Jookan and Jovakān; also known as Jowvakān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 72 families.
 Kavalaq (Persian: كولق‎) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 107 families.
 Dąbrowa Godowska [dɔmˈbrɔva ɡɔˈdɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Darbairiya is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6280 people living in 1110 individual households.
 Kord-e Olya (Persian: كردعليا‎ also Romanized as Kord-e ‘Olyā and Kord ‘Olya; also known as Kard-e Bālā and Kurd) is a village in Karvan-e Olya Rural District Karvan District Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 739 in 215 families.
 Sar Sakhti-ye Pain (Persian: سرسختي پائين‎ also Romanized as Sar Sakhtī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Sar Sakhtī-ye Soflá Sarsakhtī-ye Soflā and Sarsakti) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1170 in 278 families.
 Kosewo [kɔˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Brody-Parcele (the gmina seat) 4 km (2 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Qermezi Qeshlaq (Persian: قرمزي قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qermezī Qeshlāq; also known as Qezel Qeshlāq) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 660 in 163 families.
 Pecos is a village in San Miguel County New Mexico United States. The population was 1441 at the 2000 census growing much faster than in other parts of San Miguel County partly because Pecos is within commuting distance of Santa Fe. The village is built along the Pecos River which flows from the north out of the Santa Fe National Forest. Notable locations nearby include Pecos National Historical Park Glorieta Pass Pecos Benedictine Monastery and Lisboa Springs Trout Hatchery.
 Jackson Center is a village in Shelby County Ohio United States. The population was 1462 at the 2010 census. Since 1952 Jackson Center has been the home of the popular Airstream travel trailers and motor homes.Jackson Center is accessible from Interstate 75 at Exit 102 north of the Shelby County seat of Sidney. State Route 274 links I-75 to Jackson Center (the exit is signed Jackson Center/New Bremen).
 Kariz-e Now (Persian: كاريزنو‎ also Romanized as Kārīz-e Now) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 37 families.
 Timpool Ghyangul is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2571 and had 591 houses in it.
 Narpala is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Bagh-e Bala (Persian: باغ بالا‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bālā and Bāgh Bālā) is a village in Ramkan Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 42 families.
 Allegany is a village in Cattaraugus County New York USA. The population was 1816 at the 2010 census.The Village of Allegany is by the east town line of the Town of Allegany west of the City of Olean.St. Bonaventure University is south of the village.
 Arman Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3867 people living in 767 individual households.
 Mazraeh-ye Hoseynabad (Persian: مزرعه حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Helenowo [xɛlɛˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Elbląg and 86 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 140.
 Maji (Persian: مجي‎ also Romanized as Majī; also known as Majīd) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 67 families.
 Kosowo [kɔˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Przodkowo 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 25 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 370.
 Bar Aftab-e Sardasht (Persian: برآفتاب سردشت‎ also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Sardasht) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1371 in 242 families.
 Tân Thuận is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Rogóźno [rɔˈɡuʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Zgierz and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kõpu (German: Köppo) is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.The main sight near the village is Kõpu Lighthouse (built in 1531) that reaches 102.6 meters above sea level.
 Dormah Kola (Persian: درمه كلا‎ also Romanized as Dormah Kolā; also known as Dormah Kolā-ye Bālā) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 76 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Now (Persian: مزرعه نو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Now and Mazra‘eh Now; also known as Mazra‘eh Now Japlogh) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 22 families.
 Kokri Buttran is a village in the Moga district of the East Punjab (India). It's also known as Buttran Di Kokri. The village is predominated by the Jatt people of Buttar.
 Hředle (Rakovník District) is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Prędocin [prɛnˈdɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Villa Frontera is a village in the Arica and Parinacota Region Chile.
 Sangabin (Persian: سنگبين‎ also Romanized as Sangabīn) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 23 families.
 Gazeh (Persian: گازه‎ also Romanized as Gāzeh) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 79 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād; also known as Dowlat Abad Mo”men Abad) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 578 in 124 families.
 Gornja Bela Reka is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 224 people.
 Tolombeh-ye Eslamabad (Persian: تلمبه اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Eslāmābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Adrikatte is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hosadurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Khidima is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2349 persons living in 415 individual households.
 Średnica [ɕrɛdˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) west of Czarnków and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pszczółki-Czubaki [ˈpʂt͡ʂuu̯ki t͡ʂuˈbaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grudusk 20 km (12 mi) north of Ciechanów and 95 km (59 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 20.
 Niemojki [ɲeˈmɔi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łosice and 117 km (73 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1000.
 Chikkoppa K.S. is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Amar (Persian: عمار (1)‎ also Romanized as ʿAmār (1)) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Pajusi is a village in Pajusi Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Tol-e Tall (Persian: تل تل‎ also Romanized as Toltal) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 37 families.
 Avikkottai is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Pšov (German: Schaub) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Leloya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bardeh (Persian: بارده‎ also Romanized as Bārdeh) is a village in Vardanjan Rural District Ben District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2781 in 662 families.
 Gorawino [ɡɔraˈvinɔ] (German: Gervin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Rymań 20 km (12 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 88 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 720.
 Rozwarowo [rɔzvaˈrɔvɔ] (German: Ribbertow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bishak Tappeh (Persian: بيشك تپه‎ also Romanized as Bīshak Tappeh; also known as Beshīk Tapeh and Pashk Tappeh) is a village in Golidagh Rural District Golidagh District Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 38 families.
 Qasemabad-e Qanat Shur (Persian: قاسم ابادقنات شور‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Qanāt Shūr; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 11 families.
 Asan Kuh (Persian: اسان كوه‎ also Romanized as Āsān Kūh) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 34 families.
 Pawłów [ˈpavwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Skarbimierz 4 km (2 mi) south of Brzeg and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gol Qabagh (Persian: گل قباغ‎ also Romanized as Gol Qabāgh Gol Qobāgh and Gol-e Qabāgh; also known as Gol-e Khāvak and Gul-i-Khāwak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 23 families.
 Weśrednik [vɛˈɕrɛdnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Szamocin 11 km (7 mi) east of Chodzież and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kurnos Pierwszy [ˈkurnɔs ˈpʲɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 220.
 Mina Parian (Persian: ميناپريان‎ also Romanized as Mīnā Parīān; also known as Parīān-e Mīnā) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 26 families.
 Qorbanabad (Persian: قربان اباد‎ also Romanized as Qorbānābād) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1209 in 241 families.
 Zuidbroek (Gronings: Zuudbrouk) is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of Menterwolde about 6 km north of Veendam.Zuidbroek was a separate municipality until 1965 when it became a part of Oosterbroek.
 Pyszka [ˈpɨʂka] (German: Peuske) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Pokrówka (the gmina seat) 7 km (4 mi) west of Chełm and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kangarh (also written as Kan Garh or Kanger) is a small town near the Upper Tanawal valley in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It lies in tehsil Oghi.
 Jalieh (Persian: جليعه‎ also Romanized as Jalī‘eh) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 25 families.
 Niwiska Dolne [niˈviska ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pajęczno and 84 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tit-e Sofla (Persian: تيت سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tīt-e Soflá; also known as Tīt-e Pā'īn) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Leśniki [lɛɕˈɲikʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Babimost and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra.
 Kadadora Pallegammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bindabasini is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3322 people living in 516 individual households.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād; also known as Manşūrī) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 27 families.
 Poshteh-ye Gurband (Persian: پشته گوربند‎ also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Gūrband) is a village in Gurband Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 649 in 158 families.
 Doziny [dɔˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Szreńsk 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Mława and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Łysowody [wɨsɔˈvɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ćmielów 13 km (8 mi) east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 30.
 Proszkowo [prɔʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Szreńsk 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Mława and 106 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Gavzan Mahalleh-ye Rudbast (Persian: گاوزن محله رودبست‎ also Romanized as Gavzan Maḩalleh-ye Rūdbast; also known as Gāv Zan Kolā and Gavzan Maḩalleh) is a village in Babolrud Rural District in the Central District of Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2036 in 547 families.
 Marantu (Persian: مارانتو‎ also Romanized as Mārāntū) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Bidak (Persian: بيدك‎ also Romanized as Bīdak) is a village in Meyami Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 31 families.
 Deliabad (Persian: دلي اباد‎ also Romanized as Delīābād and Dalīābād; also known as Dalābād) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 509 in 126 families.
 Reahûs (Dutch: Roodhuis) is a small village in Littenseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 180 citizens (2004).
 Włoszyca [vwɔˈʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Waganiec 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Cheshmeh Sorkh (Persian: چشمه سرخ‎) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 16 families.
 Gilwa Mała [ˈɡilva ˈmawa] (German: Klein Gilwe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Kwidzyn and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Vrapče is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 58 people.
 Çukurca is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Sakhteman) is a village in Bid Zard Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 900 in 216 families.
 Vardeh (Persian: ورده‎ also Romanized as Wardeh) is a village in Baraghan Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 28 families.
 Ullanadu is a village located in Bharananganam panchayat Pala municipality Kottayam district Kerala state India. The main religious institutions arge the SH Church of Ullanadu the Mahadeva Temple and the SH UP School.Ullanadu is facilitated with a hospital post office library. Ullandu consist around 1000 families which include Kuttikattu Areekattu Ouseparambil Anakallumkil and Mulakunnathu ect.
 Topolno Wielkie [tɔˈpɔlnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Tippeln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rychliki 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 110.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Matahari (Persian: تلمبه شهيدمطهري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Maṭaharī) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Indianola is a village in Carroll Township Vermilion County Illinois United States. It is part of the Danville Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 207 at the 2000 census.
 Tolombeh-ye Soltani (Persian: تلمبه سلطاني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Solṭānī) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 6 families.
 Durąg [ˈdurɔnk] (German: Döhringen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Ostróda and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Zygmuntów [zɨɡˈmuntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Espigan (Persian: اسپيگان‎ also Romanized as Espīgān; also known as Esfīkān and Espīkān) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3449 in 916 families.
 Ilumäe is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Vashnam-e Morid (Persian: وشنام مريد‎ also Romanized as Vashnām-e Morīd) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 16 families.
 Thường Thắng is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Kalateh-ye Marvi (Persian: كلاته مروي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Marvī; also known as Mowrī) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 967 in 200 families.
 Nesfi (Persian: نصفي‎ also Romanized as Neşfī; also known as Nasabī and Nisfi) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 595 in 192 families.
 Gendi Khori-ye Vosta (Persian: گندي خوري وسطي‎ also Romanized as Gendī Khorī-ye Vostá; also known as Gendī Khorī-ye Mīānī) is a village in Tut-e Nadeh Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 24 families.
 Shah Bahram (Persian: شاه بهرام‎ also Romanized as Shāh Bahrām) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 49 families.
 Garabad (Persian: گراباد‎ also Romanized as Garābād) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Guereñu is a village in Álava Basque Country Spain.
 Shinabad (Persian: شين اباد‎ also Romanized as Shīnābād) is a village in Zarrineh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 478 in 102 families.
 Cheshmeh Sefid (Persian: چشمه سفيد‎ Sorani Kurdish: کانی چەرمێ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd; also known as Kānī Charmow) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District in the Central District of Jawanroud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 14 families.
 Dramiševo (Serbian: Драмишево) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowy Folwark [ˈnɔvɨ ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Krotoszyn and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mazraeh-ye Aruj Ali (Persian: مزرعه اروجعلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ārūj ʿAlī) is a village in Palangabad Rural District Palangabad District Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Taqi Sara (Persian: تقي سرا‎ also Romanized as Taqī Sarā; also known as Nāvehrūd and Taqī Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 59 families.
 Lubcz Mały [ˈlupt͡ʂ ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krzyż Wielkopolski 34 km (21 mi) west of Czarnków and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Polków [ˈpɔlkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Zduńska Wola and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Palikije Drugie [paliˈkijɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 km (13 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin. It has a population of approximately 100 people with 37 households.
 Varaqi (Persian: ورقي‎ also Romanized as Varaqī) is a village in Zavarom Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 72 families.
 Gingur (Persian: گينگور‎ also Romanized as Gīngūr) is a village in Chaybasar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 87 families.
 Mashhadi Muri (Persian: مشهدي موري‎ also Romanized as Mashhadī Mūrī) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 45 families.
 Opolany is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Bahu Kalat (Persian: باهوكلات‎ also Romanized as Bāhū Kalāt) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1016 in 198 families.
 Park (Persian: پرك‎; also known as Fark) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 33 families.
 Mavin (Persian: موين‎ also Romanized as Mavīn Māwin and Movīn) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 553 in 133 families.
 Grodzisko [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniec within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Poniec 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Gostyń and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 179.
 Vitanovac is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Lignowy Szlacheckie [liɡˈnɔvɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pelplin 23 km (14 mi) south of Tczew and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 705.
 Poondla is a village in Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Poondla residents are primarily farmers. It has one high school and one primary school.
 Piączyn [ˈpjɔnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Staroźreby 29 km (18 mi) east of Płock and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Hemagudda (Kannada: ಹೇಮಗುಡ್ಡ ) near Kammatadurga is a village in the Gangavathi taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Hemagudda is located northeast to District Headquarters Koppal. Hemagudda is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from Gangavathi and 20 kilometres (12.4 mi) from.
 Lipa [ˈlipa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Głowaczów 21 km (13 mi) west of Kozienice and 68 km (42 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 220.
 Darreh Kat (Persian: دره كت‎) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Bielawa Górna [bjɛˈlava ˈɡurna] (German: Ober Bielau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieńsk within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Pieńsk 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Zgorzelec and 129 kilometres (80 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Qarah Daraq-e Sofla (Persian: قره درق سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Daraq-e Soflá) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 25 families.
 Çaybaşı is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Davutoğlan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Najmabad (Persian: نجم اباد‎ also Romanized as Najmābād) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 70 families.
 Mrówki [ˈmrufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 936 people.
 Biestrzynnik [bjɛsˈtʂɨnnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ozimek and 21 km (13 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sarkhur Tahruyi (Persian: سرخورطاهرويي‎ also Romanized as Sarkhūr Ţāhrūyī; also known as Sarkhor) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 32 families.
 Reyabad (Persian: ري آباد‎ also Romanized as Reyābād and Riābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 139 families.
 Dalekie [daˈlɛkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Moskorzew 24 km (15 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 72.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Kariz-e Geli (Persian: كاريزگلي‎ also Romanized as Kārīz-e Gelī) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 35 families.
 Laszczyny [laʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisko Dolne within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grodzisko Dolne 16 km (10 mi) south of Leżajsk and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kwiatkowo [kfjatˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wierzbinek 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Konin and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Abu Geraniyeh-ye Do (Persian: ابوگرينيه دو‎ also Romanized as Abū Gerānīyeh-ye Do; also known as Abū Gereyneh Abū Gereyneh-ye Do and Abū Gereynīyeh-ye Do) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 13 families.
 Budy [ˈbudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Bogoria 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Staszów and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 199.
 Pawłowo Kościelne [paˈvwɔvɔ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Czernice Borowe 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 97 km (60 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Cekcynek [t͡sɛkˈt͡sɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Cekcyn 10 km (6 mi) east of Tuchola and 51 km (32 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 290.
 Eslamabad-e Jadid (Persian: اسلام ابادجديد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Jadīd) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1726 in 352 families.
 Aftab Dar (Persian: افتابدر‎ also Romanized as Āftāb Dār) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 24 families.
 Gunjanagar is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11076 people living in 2025 individual households.
 Nagolla (7°27'N 80°37'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Lubkowo [lupˈkɔvɔ] (German: Georgendorf; Kashubian: Lëbkòwò) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) south-west of Bytów and 110 km (68 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 102.
 Dânan is a village located in southern of Djibouti
 Ghazbaniyeh (Persian: غضبانيه‎ also Romanized as Ghaẕbānīyeh; also known as Raddeh-ye Ghaẕbānīyeh) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 11 families.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 63 families.
 Bradford is an unincorporated village in the town of Bradford Orange County Vermont United States. The population was 815 at the 2000 census at which time it was an incorporated village. The village disincorporated on December 1 2004. The village became a census-designated place in 2008.
 Skoczylasy [skɔt͡ʂɨˈlasɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kiełczygłów 8 km (5 mi) north of Pajęczno and 71 km (44 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rzęsna [ˈʐɛ̃sna] (formerly German Vorbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Jenan (Persian: جنان‎ also Romanized as Jenān) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Kornie [ˈkɔrɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 128 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 140.
 Frogner is a village in Sørum municipality Norway. Its population is 1174.
 Morawianki [mɔraˈvjaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bejsce 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kamion Podgórny [ˈkamjɔn pɔdˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tareste is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Rock Creek is a village in Ashtabula County Ohio United States. The population was 529 at the 2010 census.The principal village festival is the Ox Roast. Its local elementary school Rock Creek Elementary had 285 students beginning the 2004-2005 school year and the school's mascot is the Roadrunner.
 Galiniai is a village in Lithuania near the border with Poland. It lies in the region of Suvalkija.
 Yenice Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Skórzec [ˈskuʐɛt͡s] is a village in Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Skórzec. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 79 km (49 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1069.
 Ćulije is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 76 people.
 Puthige is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Tullow (Irish: An Tulach meaning The Mound formerly Tulach Ó bhFéidhlim) is a market town (legally a village) in County Carlow Ireland. It is located on the River Slaney where the N81 road intersects with the R762.
 Kolonia Złotki [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈzwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Cvetojevac (Serbian: Цветојевац) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 719 people.
 Saidpur is a village in Sultanpur Lodhi Tehsil Kapurthala district Punjab Indiasituated in the footsteps of Margalla Hills hardly at five minutes drive from the upscale neighbourhoods of the capital.
 Ludwików [ludˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gąbin 12 km (7 mi) south of Płock and 92 km (57 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 196.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] (German: Neundorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogrodziec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowogrodziec 12 km (7 mi) west of Bolesławiec and 115 km (71 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Banova Jaruga is a village in Croatia.
 Zahajki-Kolonia [zaˈxai̯ki kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Khosrowabad (Persian: خسرواباد‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād; also known as Kalāteh Khusrābād) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 29 families.
 Sar Jub-e Qaleh Masgareh (Persian: سرجوب قلعه مسگره‎ also Romanized as Sar Jūb-e Qal‘eh Masgareh; also known as Sar Jūb and Sarjūb-e Soflá) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 57 families.
 Szyszyn [ˈʂɨʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Ślesin 21 km (13 mi) north of Konin and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sawagada is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
 Kalomen is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Pątnówek [pɔntˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Miłkowice 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Legnica and 66 kilometres (41 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Neeruti is a village in Palupera Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It's located about 7 km (4 mi) northeast of the town of Otepää. Neeruti has a population of 70 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Ligota Rybińska [liˈɡɔta rɨˈbiɲska] (German: Ellguth-Rippin 1939-45: Ostfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Międzybórz 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Konstantynowo [kɔnstantɨˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ślesin 22 km (14 mi) north of Konin and 96 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 82.
 Alakhanur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Raybag taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Qanat Sorkh (Persian: قنات سرخ‎ also Romanized as Qanāt Sorkh) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 38 families.
 Plewki [ˈplɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kanzaq (Persian: كنزق‎; also known as Ganzaq Ganzegh Genzek Kanzag and Katīraq) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 868 in 207 families.
 Meymand (Persian: ميمند‎) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Miączyn Duży [ˈmjɔnt͡ʂɨn ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szreńsk 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Mława and 100 km (62 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 520 people.
 Rowshan Kuh (Persian: روشنكوه‎ also Romanized as Rowshan Kūh) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 15 families.
 Gihuiyeh (Persian: گيهوئيه‎ also Romanized as Gīhū’īyeh; also known as Gahū’īyeh) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krosna [ˈkrɔsna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laskowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Laskowa 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Limanowa and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kalareh-ye Mehrabi (Persian: كلاره مهرابي‎ also Romanized as Kalāreh-ye Mehrābī; also known as Band Kalāleh Kalāreh Kalāreh-ye ‘Amaleh and Kehlāra Zuhāb) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Leszczno [ˈlɛʂt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Przybiernów 28 km (17 mi) north of Goleniów and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Tang-e Putak (Persian: تنگ پوتك‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Pūtak; also known as Tang-e Bāvarā) is a village in Tut-e Nadeh Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Pottassery-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It is administered by the Tachampara gram panchayat and the Kanjirampuzha gram panchayat.
 Rzuchów [ˈʐuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kornowac within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kornowac 10 km (6 mi) east of Racibórz and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1000.
 Tul Aram (Persian: طول ارام‎ also Romanized as Ţūl Ārām; also known as Lūleh Rām) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 47 families.
 Soltanabad-e Namak (Persian: سلطان ابادنمك‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād-e Namaḵ; also known as Solţānābād and Sultanābād) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1778 in 427 families.
 Ab Garmeh (Persian: آب گرمه‎ also Romanized as Āb Garmeh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 13 families.
 Grodysławice [ɡrɔdɨswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Rachanie 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sargalm (Persian: سرگلم‎) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Qajar-e Takht Rostam (Persian: قجرتخت رستم‎; also known as Qajar Deh-e Qajar Qajar-e Khāleşeh and Qājārīyeh) is a village in Juqin Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 86 families.
 Chah Boneh (Persian: چاه بنه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Boneh and Chāhbaneh) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 5 families.
 Ochudno [ɔˈxudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Rząśnik 9 km (6 mi) north of Wyszków and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Lipnik is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Talesh Kandi (Persian: طالش كندي‎ also Romanized as Ţālesh Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Shomalesharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 24 families.
 Venavi (Persian: وناوي‎ also Romanized as Venāvī and Vanāvī; also known as Vanāveh and Wināweh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 24 families.
 Jarnołtowo [jarnɔu̯ˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Wolnica [vɔlˈnit͡sa] (formerly German Freiheit) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Kożuchów 14 km (9 mi) west of Nowa Sól and 13 km (8 mi) south of Zielona Góra.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Namadagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Silmsi is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Kerwad (Gundyanati) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Karaçukur is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the forests of Toros Mountains to the northwest of Anamur at 36°09′N 32°40′E . The distance to Anamur is 23 kilometres (14 mi) and to Mersin is 253 kilometres (157 mi) . The population of the village is 604 as of 2011
 Uluköy is a village in the District of Hocalar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Rasavci (Donji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jilanabad (Persian: جيلان اباد‎ also Romanized as Jīlānābād; also known as Golonābād Golūnābād Gulnābād and Qal‘eh-ye Golnābād) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1459 in 351 families.
 Blatnička is a village in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2008 it had a population of 437. The village was first mentioned in 1371.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسفاباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād and Yūsofābād) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 443 in 99 families.
 Rudzienko [ruˈd͡ʑeŋkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Michów 21 km (13 mi) west of Lubartów and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Khalaj Rud (Persian: خلج رود‎ also Romanized as Khalaj Rūd; also known as Chāleh Jārū Halāchārū and Ḩalachrūd) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 70 families.
 Pulimath is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Rustai-ye Shahid Deh Qan Pur (Persian: روستاي شهيد دهقان پور‎ also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Shahīd Deh Qān Pūr) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 575 in 118 families.
 Kelottijärvi is a village and lake in the municipality of Enontekiö in Lapland in north-western Finland.
 Geshur-e Zilayi (Persian: گشور زيلائي‎ also Romanized as Geshūr-e Zīlāyī) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Međurječje (Cyrillic: Међурјечје) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qana also spelled Cana (in Arabic: قانا‎) is a village in southern Lebanon located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the city of Tyre and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of the border with Israel. The 10000 residents of Qana are primarily Shiite Muslim although there is also a Christian community in the village.
 Koakoaliki is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Hanumanpur is a village in Amreli district Gujarat India.
 Killannur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Tragamin [traˈɡamin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Malbork and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Nishkarak (Persian: نيشكرك‎ also Romanized as Nīshḵaraḵ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aydınlar (formerly Avgadı) is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°46′N 34°07′E it is situated in Taurus Mountains. The distance to Erdenli is 33 kilometres (21 mi) and to Mersin is 69 kilometres (43 mi). population of the village was 233 as of 2011. There are cedar and turpentine forests around the village and the former name of the village may refer to game animals (av in Turkish means hunt). The major economic activity is agriculture.
 Tatija is a village located in Rajasthan's Jhunjhunu district.Another famous landmark of this village is that it is near to Singhana the popular bypass from where the foreign tourists pass by while going to the Mandava Castle located in Sikar.You must see Tatija if you would like to have the sense of what a village is like in Rajasthan. It is located 180 km from Delhi Dhaula Kuan.
 Gaj Koniemłocki [ˈɡai̯ kɔɲemˈwɔt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Staszów and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 87.Based on other article Gaj Koniemłocki by years 1975–1998 use to belong to Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship
 Kauksi is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Korzan (Persian: كرزان‎ also Romanized as Korzān and Karzān; also known as Kūrzān) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 628 in 204 families.
 Kępno [ˈkɛmpnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Štavalj is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 312 people.
 Mikurajima Village (御蔵島 Mikurajima-mura ) is a village located in Miyake Subprefecture Tokyo Metropolis Japan. It has a population (as of 2011) of only 271 people.
 Sestelan (Persian: سسطلان‎ also Romanized as Sesţelān) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 72 families.
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Puchaczów 9 km (6 mi) east of Łęczna and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Šipče is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 74 people.
 Deh Divan (Persian: ده ديوان‎ also Romanized as Deh Dīvān and Deh-e Dīvān; also known as Deh-e Deyūn Hurkali and Hūrkatī) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 63 families.
 Qaleh Soltan Baji (Persian: قلعه سلطان باجي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Solţān Bājī Qal‘eh-ye Solţān Bājī and Qal‘eh-ye Soltān Bājī; also known as Sultānbāji) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 54 families.
 Skryplewo [skrɨˈplɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Habibabad-e Mazdak (Persian: حبيب ابادمزدك‎ also Romanized as Ḩabībābād-e Mazdak; also known as Dārtāk) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 165 families.
 Osinki [ɔˈɕiŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Siah Kamar (Persian: سياه كمر‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kamar and Seyāh Kamar) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 Sakhteman-e Mansur (Persian: ساختمان منصور‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān-e Manşūr) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Skjolden is a village in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located at the end of the Lustrafjorden a branch of the Sognefjorden. Skjolden is located at the innermost point of the Sognefjorden Norway's longest fjord and is the length of the Sognefjorden is measured from Skjolden to the island of Ytre Sula where the fjord meets to ocean. The valleys of Mørkridsdal and Fortunsdal meet at Skjolden just west of the Hurrungane mountains.
 Koriten is a village in the municipality of Krushari in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Madenşehri (literally “city of mines”) is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province Turkey. It is situated on the northern slopes of Karadağ an extinct volcano and is 42 kilometres (26 mi) north of the town of Karaman. The population of the village was 289 as of 2010. Like some other Karadağ locations Madenşehri is full of early-Christian ruins.
 Tall-e Asvad (Persian: تل اسود‎ also Romanized as Tal Asvad Tal-e-Asvad and Tel Aswad) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 77 families.
 Safar Hasan Zehi (Persian: صفرحسن زهي‎ also Romanized as Şafar Ḩasan Zehī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sadeqabad (Persian: صادق اباد‎ also Romanized as Şādeqābād) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 76 families.
 Somonino [sɔmɔˈninɔ] (German: Somlin) is a village in Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Somonino. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kartuzy and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2206.
 Kamar Daraq (Persian: كمردرق‎; also known as Kamar) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lapa Sar (Persian: لپاسر‎ also Romanized as Lapā Sar) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 473 in 138 families.
 Dębsko-Ośrodek [ˈdɛmpskɔ ɔˈɕrɔdɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Wierzchlas [ˈvjɛʂxlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Gornja Peščanica (Serbian: Горња Пешчаница) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 248 people.
 Mariampol [maˈrjampɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Leśna Podlaska 12 km (7 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 105 km (65 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Deh-e Bala (Persian: ده بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bālā; also known as Deh-e Now Bālā Deh-i-Nau Bāla and Deh Nau Bāla) is a village in Khenaman Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 12 families.
 Kuran-e Olya (Persian: كوران عليا‎ also Romanized as Kūrān-e ‘Olyā Kooran Olya Kūrān-e ‘Oleyā and Kūrān ‘Olyā; also known as Kūrān-e Bālā) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 641 in 132 families.
 Półchleb [ˈpuu̯xlɛp] (formerly German Polchlep) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Świdwin and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kolah Jub-e Olya (Persian: كله جوب عليا‎ also Romanized as Kolah Jūb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kolah Jūb) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 30 families.
 Elhan is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Dobrzyniówka [dɔbʐɨˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Cherepovo is a village in the municipality of Harmanli in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Kowiesy [kɔˈvjɛsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Sokołów Podlaski and 87 km (54 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Zlatolist Blagoevgrad Province is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.Zlatolist Hill on Trinity Peninsula in Antarctica is named after the village.
 Mobarakabad (Persian: مبارك اباد‎ also Romanized as Mobārakābād) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 94 families.
 Gah (Persian: گاه‎ also Romanized as Gāh) is a village in Baq Mej Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 100 families.
 Belt-Schutsloot is a small village in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is located in the municipality of Steenwijkerland about 3 km north of Zwartsluis.The village originally consisted of two parts Belt (also called Zandbelt) and Schutsloot and was also called Schutsloot en Zandbelt.Belt-Schutsloot has a population of about 590.
 Rezaabad (Persian: رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Nagudi (Tamil: நாகுடி ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Vinac (Cyrillic: Винац) is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kodrąb 16 km (10 mi) east of Radomsko and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Karatkuti (Persian: كراتكوتي‎ also Romanized as Karātkūtī) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District Kelarabad District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 596 in 158 families.
 Askan Ashayir Deli Bajak (Persian: اسكان عشايردلي بجك‎ also Romanized as Sskān ʿAshāyīr Delī Bajak) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 26 families.
 Stefanowo [stɛfaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Stefansdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Babiak 16 km (10 mi) north of Koło and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ambung is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3309 people living in 588 individual households.
 Narendra is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Dharwad taluk of Dharwad district in Karnataka.Temples: Temple dedicated to Nandi (Ox) worshipped by the villagers located on a small hillock to the North West of Narendra Village. This temple is crowded in the month of August every year (especially in Shravana Masa).
 Skrzyszów [ˈskʂɨʂuf] is a village in Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Skrzyszów. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tarnów and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3300.
 Klimusin [kliˈmuɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Abdi Beyg (Persian: عبدي بيگ‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdī Beyg; also known as ‘Abdī Beyk) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 23 families.
 Góreczki [ɡuˈrɛt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Yekkeh Pesteh (Persian: يكه پسته‎) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 655 in 139 families.
 Sultanpur Karnataka is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ziar Kola (Persian: زياركلا‎ also Romanized as Zīār Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 47 families.
 Mahendra Jyoti is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3343 .
 Chaman Bid (Persian: چمن بيد‎ also Romanized as Chaman Bīd; also known as Chaman Bīd-e Rīg) is a village in Rig Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 653 in 127 families.
 Rzeczyce [ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Frampol 13 km (8 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 325.
 Zielonka [ʑeˈlɔŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gielniów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Przysucha and 98 km (61 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Mazraeh-ye Baluk Zahra (Persian: مزرعه بلوك زهرا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Balūḵ Zahrā) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Bana Niger is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Złotki-Przeczki [ˈzwɔtki ˈpʂɛt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Boguty-Pianki 37 km (23 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 115 km (71 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 110.
 Ramnagari is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2161 people living in 410 individual households.
 Świątniki [ɕfjɔntˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Mosina and 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bunnanadden Bunnanaddan or Bunninadden (Irish: Bun an Fheadáin) is a small village in south County Sligo Ireland. It is on the R296 road 9 km from Tubbercurry and 8 km from Ballymote.The village contains the parish church (The Sacred Heart of Mary) two pubs a national school and sports hall. It formerly had two shops and a post office the last of which closed in early 2011.The village is in the parish of Bunnanadden with a second church in Killavil.
 Kavra is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3314 people living in 607 individual households.
 Gétye is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Lamkani (Marathi:लामकानी) is a small village in the state of Maharashtra India. It is located in the Dhule taluka of Dhule District in Maharastra.
 Shekarlui-ye Sofla (Persian: شكرلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shekarlūī-ye Soflá; also known as Shekarlū-ye Pā’īn Shekarlū-ye Soflá and Shokorlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ortel Królewski Drugi [ˈɔrtɛl kruˈlɛfskʲi ˈdruɡʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Piszczac 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 91 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 280.
 Kłocko [ˈkwɔt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 850.
 Malind is a village in the municipality of Çepan in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Wielka Piaśnica [ˈvjɛlka pjaɕˈnit͡sa] (German: Groß Piasnitz; Kashubian: Wiôlgô Piôsznica) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Puck and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
 Unieszynko [uɲeˈʂɨnkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Cewice 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Lębork and 64 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Asgharabad (Persian: اصغراباد‎ also Romanized as Aşgharābād) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 33 families.
 Kapneh Karan (Persian: كپنه كران‎ also Romanized as Kapneh Karān; also known as Kapneh Garān and Rostam Khān) is a village in Kalan Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 663 in 121 families.
 Sambhunath is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5167 people living in 933 individual households.
 Tarnówek [tarˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 10.
 Han Ploča is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kemerköy Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Tłumaczów [twuˈmat͡ʂuf] (German: Tuntschendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Radków 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Kłodzko and 78 kilometres (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Stare Jegławki [ˈstarɛ jɛˈɡwafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Qeshlaq-e Qanbarlu Rostam Qanbarlui-ye Vosta (Persian: قشلاق قنبرلورستم قنبرلوي وسطي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qanbarlū Rostam Qanbarlūī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 422 in 59 families.
 Milanovići (Serbian: Милановићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dębsko [ˈdɛmpskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielichowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wielichowo 12 km (7 mi) south of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Khalifeh Gavabar (Persian: خليفه گوابر‎ also Romanized as Khalīfeh Gavābar Khalīfeh Gavāber and Khalīfehgovāber) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 7 families.
 Kuh Zar (Persian: كوه زر‎ also Romanized as Kūh Zar; also known as Golzār Gulzār and Kūzar) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 16 families.
 Kışlak is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 37 people.
 Al-Sawafir al-Gharbiyya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Gaza Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 War on May 18 1948 during the second stage of Operation Barak. It was located 30 km northeast of Gaza city.A 1596 census revealed a population of 237. By 1945 this had increased to 1030. al-Sawafir al-Gharbiyya had shared a school with the other two Sawafir villages and in 1945 it had an enrollment of about 280.
 Augustyny [auɡusˈtɨnɨ] (German: Agstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Orneta 35 km (22 mi) west of Lidzbark Warmiński and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 28.
 Sayij Mahalleh (Persian: سائيج محله‎ also Romanized as Sāyīj Maḩalleh; also known as Sā’ch Maḩalleh Sag Maḩalleh and Saj Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1325 in 342 families.
 Darreh Morad (Persian: دره مراد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Morād and Darreh-ye Morād) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 31 families.
 Davan (Persian: داوان‎ also Romanized as Dāvān) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 977 in 233 families.
 Akyar is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 278 people.
 Fettahlı Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Lipowy Las [liˈpɔvɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Baranowo 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 111 km (69 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Hamzehabad-e Sofla (Persian: حمزه ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩamzehābād-e Soflá; also known as Ḩamzehābād-e Pāīn) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 16 families.
 Aliabad-e Band (Persian: علي ابادبند‎ also Romanized as Alīābād-e Band; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Kand Saban (Persian: كندسبن‎ also Romanized as Kondes Bon; also known as Kajarestāq and Kojā Rūstā) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 7 families.
 Panjeh Ali Kharabehsi (Persian: پنجه علي خرابه سي‎ also Romanized as Panjeh ‘Alī Kharābehsī; also known as Panj ‘Alī) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 41 families.
 Kyuilyar is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Jadwigów [jadˈviɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Moskorzew 25 km (16 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 133.
 Taşlık is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 274 people.
 Palek Mollah Karamineh (Persian: پلك مله كرمينه‎ also Romanized as Palek Mollah Karamīneh) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 8 families.
 Ganyo is a village in Lahe Township Naga Self-Administered Zone in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located in the Naga Hills near the border with India.
 Mikołajewice-Kolonia [mikɔwajɛˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Lutomiersk 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 20 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cheshmeh Sabz (Persian: چشمه سبز‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Sabz Chashmeh-e Sabz and Chashmeh Sabz; also known as Cheshmeh Sabz Gholi Mazār and Sabzpūsh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 101 families.
 Tazeh Kand-e Qeshlaq (Persian: تازه كندقشلاق‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Qeshlāq) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 33 families.
 Qadimi (Persian: قديمي‎ also Romanized as Qadīmī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 24 families.
 Moinabad (Persian: معين آباد‎ also Romanized as Mo‘īnābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Chah-e Baluch (Persian: چاه بلوچ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Balūch) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Baghestan (Persian: باغستان‎ also Romanized as Bāghestān) is a village in Fin Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 16 families.
 Lepaki Wielkie [lɛˈpaki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Lepacken (1938-45:Ramecksfelde)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ełk and 115 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bizhanvand (Persian: بيژنوند‎ also Romanized as Bīzhanvand; also known as Nūr Moḥammad Khān) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 55 families.
 Letiyahena is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Yunusoğlu is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Tyszkowo [tɨʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 19.
 Dashti Kalateh-ye Sharqi (Persian: دشتي كلاته شرقي‎ also Romanized as Dashtī Kalāteh-ye Sharqī; also known as Dasht Kalāteh-ye Sharqī) is a village in Anzan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 666 in 153 families.
 Siseh Garag-e Sofla (Persian: سيسه گرگ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sīseh Garag-e Soflá; also known as Sīseh Garag-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 42 families.
 Vračević is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Kovači is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Quách Phẩm Bắc is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Ramasagara is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hospet taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Harbułtowice [xarbuu̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Lubliniec and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.
 Ganaveh Kan (Persian: گناوه كان‎ also Romanized as Ganāveh Kān; also known as Genāvākān Genāvkān and Kenāveh Kān) is a village in Darvahi Rural District Ab Pakhsh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 11 families.
 Kowalowy [kɔvaˈlɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Jasło and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Joaniów [jɔˈaɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Paradyż 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ostrówki [ɔsˈtrufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 780.
 Kapice [kaˈpit͡sɛ] (formerly German Kappe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Połczyn-Zdrój 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Świdwin and 96 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 20.
 Tezerj (Persian: تزرج‎ also Romanized as Tezarj and Taz̄arj; also known as Tajarak Tedjerek and Tejerk) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 16 families.
 Emamzadeh Mohammad (Persian: امامزاده محمد‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Moḩammad; also known as Shāhzādeh Moḩammad) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Mahnian (Persian: ماهنيان‎ also Romanized as Māhnīān and Mahnīyan; also known as Māhīān Mānīān Mānīyān and Manīyāu) is a village in Kharqan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 116 families.
 Sędowo [sɛnˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Mogilno and 43 km (27 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Ostrowo [ɔsˈtrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Śrem and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 140.
 Vargachgeh-ye Zeyyed Ali (Persian: ورگچگه زيد علي‎ also Romanized as Vargachgeh-ye Zeyyed ʿAlī; also known as Vargachlekeh) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Marszowice [marʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Wieliczka and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 800.
 Wola Wilknicka [ˈvɔla vilkˈnit͡ska] (German: Rosenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Alapalawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Konar Kuh (Persian: كناركوه‎ also Romanized as Konār Kūh Kenar Kooh and Kenār Kūh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 69 families.
 Lalehzar (Persian: لاله زار‎ also Romanized as Lālehzār) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Madakkathanam (മടക്കത്താനം) is on the Main Eastern Highway ( Muvattupuzha - Pathanamthitta- Punalur Road / SH - 08 ). This place is just 4 km away from Thodupuzha Town. Thodupuzha river ( തൊടുപുഴയാര്‍ ) flows through the side of Madakkathanam.There is an amazing Suspension Bridge in Madakkatnanam across Thodupuzha river. Many Christian Hindu and Muslim families have made this place their home. The majority are Roman Catholic Demographics of Syria Syrian Christians.
 Bhiknur is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Qanat-e Mir Qalandar (Persian: قنات ميرقلندر‎ also Romanized as Qanāt-e Mīr Qalandar; also known as Mīr Qalandar) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 407 in 83 families.
 Sri Rangaraja Puram is a village and the headquarters of Sri Rangaraja Puram Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in south India
 Mierzwin Mały [ˈmjɛʐvin ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wyszki 20 km (12 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Zeoke is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Wola Stanisławowska [ˈvɔla staniswaˈvɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 56 km (35 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Ziębrze [ˈʑɛmbʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Będzino 12 km (7 mi) west of Koszalin and 127 km (79 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Brezje (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khatamabad (Persian: خاتم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khātamābād) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 54 families.
 Białogorce [bjawɔˈɡɔrt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Molovin (Serbian Cyrillic: Моловин) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Šid municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 298 people (2002 census).
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Łęczyca and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mansein is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Podolany [pɔdɔˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Ciepielów 14 km (9 mi) west of Lipsko and 118 km (73 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Polu (Persian: پلو‎ also Romanized as Polū) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 12 families.
 Studnica [studˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Jeziorany and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Dalik Yarqan (Persian: دليك يارقان‎ also Romanized as Dalīk Yārqān Dalīk Yarqān and Dalīk Yōrqān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 49 families.
 Nesar Abbas (Persian: نسارعباس‎ also Romanized as Nesār ʿAbbās) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 El Castillo is a village of about 1500 people situated on the southern bank of the Río San Juan (San Juan River) in southern Nicaragua. It is one of 27 comarcas of the municipality of El Castillo a subdivision of the Río San Juan Department. The village is situated approximately 6 kilometers from the border with Costa Rica at the Raudal del Diablo rapids of the San Juan River.
 Szczepice [ʂt͡ʂɛˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kcynia 13 km (8 mi) south of Nakło nad Notecią and 33 km (21 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Naper is a village in Boyd County Nebraska United States. The population was 84 at the 2010 census down from 105 at the 2000 census.
 Kangarban-e Vosta (Persian: كنگربان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Kangarbān-e Vosţá and Kangarbān-e Vasaţī; also known as Fāntāwār Kangarbān and Kangarbān-e Vasaţ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Wanaty [vaˈnatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łaskarzew 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of Warsaw.During World War II units of Schutzpolizei and Sonderdienst led by Kreishauptmann Karl Freudenthal pacified the village and brutally murdered 108 inhabitants.
 Deh is a village and an Additional/Sub tehsil in Jayal tehsil of Nagaur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.The village is situated at Nagaur-Ladnun National Highway-65 in Jayal tehsil 20 km away from Nagaur.
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Emarat (Persian: عمارت‎ also Romanized as ‘Emārat) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 28 families.
 Lipuska Huta [liˈpuska ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lipusz 13 km (8 mi) west of Kościerzyna and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 103.
 Gradówek [ɡraˈduvɛk] (German: Cunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Lwówek Śląski and 110 kilometres (68 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 220.
 Güvem Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Żugienie [ʐuˈɡʲɛɲɛ] (German: Sugnienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Gurab-e Lishavandan (Persian: گوراب ليشاوندان‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb-e Līshāvandān; also known as Gūrāb-e Lashāvandān) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1303 in 344 families.
 Dê Mullā Samanḏar Şāḩib Kêlay (Template:Lang-pashtu) or Mollā Samand is a village in Paktika Province in eastern Afghanistan.
 Rudki [ˈrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostroróg within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Ostroróg 7 km (4 mi) west of Szamotuły and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bierzewice [bjɛʐɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Gostynin and 107 km (66 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Nasrollahabad (Persian: نصراله اباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrollāhābād; also known as Naşrābād) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 113 families.
 Baba Mansur (Persian: بابامنصور‎ also Romanized as Bābā Manşūr; also known as Bābā Manşūrī and Bāmasīr) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 508 in 121 families.
 Surangal is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Moinabad mandal.
 Paatsalu is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 73 (as of 1 January 2011).The southeastern part of the village is covered by Paadrema Nature Reserve also part of Nehatu Nature Reserve is located around the Kahvatu Bay.Lawyer and politician Jaan Teemant (1872–?) was born in Illuste village which is now part of Paatsalu village.
 Krynki [ˈkrɨnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Paprotnia 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 100 km (62 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Wrońsko [ˈvrɔɲskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Konopnica 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 390.
 Allika is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Bakhshi Hayati (Persian: بخش حياطي‎ also Romanized as Bakhshī Ḩayāţī; also known as Bakhshī Ḩayāţī-ye Chūbar) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 14 families.
 Radyczyny [radɨˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Przykona 15 km (9 mi) east of Turek and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 94.
 Darreh Rud (Persian: دره رود‎ also Romanized as Darreh Rūd) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Beyzeh Tak (Persian: بيضي تك‎ also Romanized as Beyẕeh Tak) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 70 families.
 Chotowa [xɔˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Czarna 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Dębica and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 618.The 2010 World Junior Chess Championship took place in Chotowa.
 Gile [ˈɡʲilɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Međulužje is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Donja Crnča (Serbian: Доња Црнча) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kratovo is a village in the municipality of Priboj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 305 people.
 Koiva is a village in Taheva Parish Valga County in southern Estonia.
 Kahn-e Razan (Persian: كهن رزان‎ also Romanized as Kahn-e Razān; also known as Kahn-e Zarān) is a village in Raviz Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 7 families.
 Słonne [ˈswɔnnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dubiecko 30 km (19 mi) west of Przemyśl and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 180.
 Jow Kanak (Persian: جوكنك‎) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 24 families.
 Bukowo [buˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stary Targ 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Sztum and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 190.
 Hubale [xuˈbalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Zamość and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Alashlu (Persian: الاشلو‎ also Romanized as Ālāshlū and Olāshlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 25 families.
 Żakowice [ʐakɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kutno and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Çiftlikler is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Marianka [maˈrjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nowy Kawęczyn 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Barmas (Persian: برمس‎ also Romanized as Barmes; also known as Barmesh Bārmīz and Byrmys) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 49 families.
 Veyar (Persian: وير‎) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 14 families.
 Kodalamogaru is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Mehdī and Mehdi Abad Hoomeh) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 120 families.
 Lerd (Persian: لرد‎ also Romanized as Lard; also known as Bard and Lert) is a village in Palanga Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2827 in 640 families.
 Nomule is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1610 people living in 251 individual households.
 Abr Bakuh (Persian: ابربكوه‎ also Romanized as Abr Bakūh; also known as Abrbakoo and Īrebkū) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 37 families.
 Zaborze [zaˈbɔʐɛ] (German: Waldhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Połczyn-Zdrój 25 km (16 mi) east of Świdwin and 112 km (70 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 60.
 Safar Zehi (Persian: صفرزهي‎ also Romanized as Şafar Zehī; also known as Şafar Zā’ī Separze‘ī and Separze’t) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 548 in 98 families.
 Jakobsnes is a village in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. Its population (2005) is 271. The village lies along the coast of the Bøkfjorden across the fjord from the town of Kirkenes. The village is located about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of the village of Elvenes.
 Nowy Cydzyn [ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡sɨd͡zɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Marianowo [marjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wejherowo and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gornja Bejašnica is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 30 people.
 Kani Shurik (Persian: كاني شوريك‎ also Romanized as Kānī Shūrīk; also known as Kānī Sharak and Kānī Sharīk) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 31 families.
 Nizhneye Akh-Kerpi is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Niewiemko [ɲɛˈvjɛmkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzyń within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Chodzież and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pičín is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kacharanlu (Persian: كچرانلو‎ also Romanized as Kacharānlū; also known as Kachlānlū) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 755 in 190 families.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chah-e Hajji Maqadam (Persian: چاه حاجي مقدم‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩājjī Maqadam) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khurhuriya is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8837 people living in 1474 individual households.
 Gogolewko [ɡɔɡɔˈlɛfkɔ] (German Neu Jugelow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Dębnica Kaszubska 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 90.
 Chah-e Eyd (Persian: چاه عيد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ‘Eyd) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 51 families.
 Favian (Persian: فاويان‎ also Romanized as Fāvīān Fāveyān and Fāvīyān) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 165 families.
 Vachakbud-e Olya (Persian: وچكبودعليا‎ also Romanized as Vachakbūd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Vajah Kabūd-e Bālā) is a village in Cham Kabud Rural District Sarab Bagh District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 44 families.
 Handalpur is a village of Sambhal in Moradabad district Uttar Pradesh.This is a small village. Here are two temples in this village. One of them is of shiv and other one is of durga.Here is a primary school. Here are mostly Jat. here two melas held in a year on shivratri and krishnjanmastmi.follow this link to map map of handalpur (hondal land)
 Mazeh Faramarzi (Persian: مازه فرامرزي‎ also Romanized as Māzeh Farāmarzī) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 12 families.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] (German: Salleschen; 1938-45: Ingelheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Dźwierzuty 18 km (11 mi) north of Szczytno and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Darreh Zuleh (Persian: دره زوله‎ also Romanized as Darreh Zūleh Darreh-ye Zūleh and Darreh Zūlleh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Gowd-e Mahmud (Persian: گودمحمود‎ also Romanized as Gowd-e Maḩmūd) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wójty [ˈvui̯tɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Khan Kandi (Persian: خان كندي‎ also Romanized as Khān Kandī) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 52 families.
 Chenaru (Persian: چنارو‎ also Romanized as Chenārū; also known as Chenārū’īyeh) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District Lalehzar District Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Maldeh (Persian: مالده‎ also Romanized as Māldeh) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 62 families.
 Puc [put͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 168.
 Halliku is a village in Saare Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 the population of the village was 56.
 Qeshlaq-e Hezarat Qoli Abu ol Hasan (Persian: قشلاق حضرت قلي ابوالحسن‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩez̤arat Qolī Abū ol Ḩasan) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Marszałki [marˈʂau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Grabów nad Prosną 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 132 km (82 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 700.
 Vezirly is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Hard Labour is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Śniadków Dolny [ˈɕɲatkuf ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 250. From 1975 to 1998 village was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sobienie-Jeziory 23 km (14 mi) south of Otwock and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Alajõe (Russian: Олешница Oleshnitsa) is a village in Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located on the northern shore of Lake Peipus. Alajõe is the administrative centre of Alajõe Parish. In 2000 the village had a population of 147.Alajõe was first mentioned in 1583.
 Kalentan (Persian: كلنتان‎ also Romanized as Kalentān and Kalantān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 110 families.
 Pokhari Chauri is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3879 in 609 individual households. It lies in the border of Ramechhap and kavrepalanchowk district. It is about 150 km away from the capital of Nepal Kathmandu
 Ligota Książęca [liˈɡɔta kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Rudnik 8 km (5 mi) north of Racibórz and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 160.
 Chavoshqoli (Persian: چاوشقلي‎ also Romanized as Chāvoshqolī and Chāvosh Qolī) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 578 in 120 families.
 Krynica [krɨˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Savatsi Gol Chub (Persian: سوت سي گل چوب‎ also Romanized as Savatsī Gol Chūb) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Smarzykowo [smaʐɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 46.
 Krężołek [krɛ̃ˈʐɔwɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łopuszno and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 127.
 Szczepkowo-Giewarty [ʂt͡ʂɛpˈkɔvɔ ɡʲɛˈvartɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 60.
 Emamzadeh Mohammad Hasan (Persian: امامزاده محمدحسن‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Moḩammad Ḩasan) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 17 families.
 Kand-e Qabrestan (Persian: كنده قبرستان‎ also Romanized as Kand-e Qabrestān) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Birpur Barahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4761 people living in 921 individual households.
 Abak is a village in the District of Karpuzlu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 528 people.
 Stawiska [staˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Grębków 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Węgrów and 62 km (39 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Smorzewo [smɔˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 50.
 Koufurderrige is a small village in Wymbritseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has approximately 80 citizens as of a census taken in the year 2004.
 Shegofti (Persian: شگفتي‎ also Romanized as Shegoftī) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 63 families.
 Sloterdijk is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Amsterdam and lies about 3 km northwest of the city centre. Since 2010 Sloterdijk has formed part of the stadsdeel of Amsterdam-West.Nearby is the site of Amsterdam Sloterdijk railway station.
 Sefid Ab (Persian: سفيداب‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Āb) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 40 families.
 Kopisk [ˈkɔpisk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 18 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Rustadmoen is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Kaczlin [ˈkat͡ʂlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Sieraków 21 km (13 mi) east of Międzychód and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Panevlje is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 209 people.
 Gun Gowrmez (Persian: گون گورمز‎ also Romanized as Gūn Gowrmez) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 950 in 191 families.
 Chorzew [ˈxɔʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kiełczygłów 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Surmandi (Persian: سورمندي‎ also Romanized as Sūrmandī; also known as Tolombeh-ye Sūrmandī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 16 families.
 Salatse is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Swoboda [sfɔˈbɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Lututów 23 km (14 mi) east of Wieruszów and 86 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qezel Arkh-e Sofla (Persian: قزل ارخ سفلي ‎ also Romanized as Qezel Ārkh-e Soflá; also known as Maḩmūd Kandī; also known as Qezel Ārkh) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 506 in 80 families.
 Kiełpin [ˈkʲɛu̯pin] (German: Kelpin 1942–1945 Kelpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 57 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 820.
 Soğulcak is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tolombeh-ye Nemat Allah Dabiri (Persian: تلمبه نعمت اله دبيري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Neʿmat Āllah Dabīrī) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kohneh-ye Jadid (Persian: كهنه جديد‎ also Romanized as Kohneh-ye Jadīd) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District Evaz District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 56 families.
 Arslanbey or Aslanbey (Armenian: Ասլանբեկ Aslanbek or Aslanbeg) is a village in the District of Kartepe Kocaeli Province Turkey. Before the Armenian Genocide it was populated by Armenians and was known as Aslanbeg. The Armenian dialect of Aslanbeg had some unusual features; it was described by Hrachia Adjarian but now is extinct.
 Orłów [ˈɔrwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrząb within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Jastrząb 6 km (4 mi) east of Szydłowiec and 108 km (67 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Shonbeh (Persian: شنبه‎) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 63 families.
 Ekis (Persian: اكيس‎ also Romanized as Ekīs; also known as Elīs) is a village in Qareh Naz Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 135 families.
 Serince is a village in the District of Sincik Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Shur Ab (Persian: شوراب‎ also Romanized as Shūr Āb) is a village in Shakhen Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 51 families.
 Meshkabad-e Pain (Persian: مشك ابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Meshkābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Larim Rural District Gil Khuran District Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 131 families.
 Tješilo is a village in the municipality of Fojnica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Łyczana [wɨˈt͡ʂana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Korzenna 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Ardal (Persian: اردال‎ also Romanized as Ardāl) is a village in Sohr va Firuzan Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 156 families.
 Kertme is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Cietrzewki-Warzyno [t͡ɕɛˈtʂɛfki vaˈʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dumak (Persian: دومك‎ also Romanized as Dūmak) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 35 families.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Płośnica 14 km (9 mi) southwest of Działdowo and 77 km (48 mi) southwest of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Dar Boland (Persian: داربلند‎ also Romanized as Dār Boland) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 8 families.
 Garm Rud (Persian: گرمرود‎ also Romanized as Garm Rūd) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 51 families.
 Raski [ˈraski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Myślin [ˈmɨɕlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bieżuń 13 km (8 mi) south of Żuromin and 110 km (68 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Pogwizdów Stary [pɔɡˈvizduf ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów Małopolski within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Khosrowabad (Persian: خسرواباد‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād; also known as Khusroābād) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 912 in 219 families.
 Kokošiće is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 124 people.
 Salari (Persian: سالاري‎ also Romanized as Sālārī; also known as Sālārābād-e Nadar) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 21 families.
 Biała [ˈbjawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Biały Bór 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Szczecinek and 156 km (97 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Janowiec [jaˈnɔvʲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Boraszyce Małe [bɔraˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wińsko 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Wołów and 50 kilometres (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 19 families.
 Obórki [ɔˈburki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tolombeh-ye Mostaz Afin (Persian: تلمبه مستضعفين‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mostaz̤ ʿAfīn) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Bogojević Selo (Cyrillic: Богојевић Село) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hoseynabad-e Sar Astaneh (Persian: حسين ابادسراستانه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sar Āstāneh; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Sar Āsāneh) is a village in Banestan Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuchek Olum (Persian: كوچك الوم‎ also Romanized as Kūchek Olūm; also known as Kūchek) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1092 in 269 families.
 Klepary [klɛˈparɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gniewkowo 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Inowrocław and 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Toruń.The village has an approximate population of 150.
 Kushgeh Darreh (Persian: كوشگه دره‎ also Romanized as Kūshgeh Darreh; also known as Kosk Darreh and Kūshk Darreh) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 41 families.
 Abū Ḩajar al A‘lá is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Sadan (Persian: سدن‎) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 146 families.
 Kartno [ˈkartnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojadła within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Bojadła and 23 km (14 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Elmwood Place is a village in Hamilton County Ohio United States. The population was 2188 at the 2010 census. Except for a small portion which touches neighboring St. Bernard Elmwood Place is nearly surrounded by the city of Cincinnati.
 Kattukukke is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Prairie du Sac is a village in Sauk County Wisconsin United States. The population was 3972 at the 2010 census. The village is surrounded by the Town of Prairie du Sac the Wisconsin River and the village of Sauk City; together Prairie du Sac and Sauk City are referred to as Sauk Prairie.
 Mowtowr-e Dusahnbeh Dust Kam (Persian: موتور دوشنبه دوستكام‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Dūshanbeh Dūst Kām) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 43 families.
 Rogóźno [rɔˈɡuʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniewice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Domaniewice 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Łowicz and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 560.
 Mendil is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Żelazków [ʐɛˈlaskuf] is a village in Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Żelazków. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1250.
 Wólka Pilecka [ˈvulka piˈlɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 4.
 Kajew [ˈkajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Gołuchów 7 km (4 mi) east of Pleszew and 88 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Starý Vestec is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sietesz [ˈɕɛtɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kańczuga 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Przeworsk and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1800.
 Medininkai is a village in Lithuania located 26 km (16 mi) from Vilnius and 2 km (1.2 mi) from the Lithuanian–Belarusian border. According to the 2001 census the village had 508 residents. Medininkai is the administrative center of an eldership. According to a 2010 eldership report it had 1374 residents of whom 923% were Polish 3.2% Lithuanian and 2.9% Russian.The village is situated on the Medininkai Highland near the highest points of Lithuania – the Juozapinė Hill and Aukštojas Hill.
 Odrodzenie [ɔdrɔˈd͡zɛɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Rodaki [rɔˈdaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Olkusz and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 948.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khairābād; also known as Kheir Abad Khoosaf) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 14 families.
 Herta (Persian: هرتا‎ also Romanized as Hertā; also known as Herteh and Hīrtā) is a village in Makvan Rural District Bayangan District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mykyty (Ukrainian: Микити) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Białasy [bjaˈwasɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 310.
 Kutton (Urdu: کٹن ‎) ( Also known as Jagran Valley ) is a village and tourist resort in Neelam Valley Azad Kashmir Pakistan. It is located 82 kilometers (51 mi) from Muzaffarabad and 8 kilometers (5.0 mi) from Kundal Shahi on the bank of Jagran stream.Kutton is accessible by Neelam road from Muzaffarabad branches off from Kundal Shahi. Rest houses of AJK Tourism and Archeology Department and Water and Power Development Authority (WAPDA) are located here.
 Byków [ˈbɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Długołęka and 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kastna is a village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 51 (as of 1 January 2011).Kastna Manor was first mentioned in 1228.Kastna St. Arsenius Orthodox church was built in 1904.
 Blinek [ˈblinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Rakoniewice 8 km (5 mi) west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shahrak-e Emam Hoseyn (Persian: شهرك امام حسين‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Ḩoseynʿ; also known as Emāmḩoseyn) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 974 in 164 families.
 Natnan is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Torshishuiyeh (Persian: ترشي شوئيه‎ also Romanized as Torshīshū’īyeh; also known as Torshī Shū) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szypłów [ˈʂɨpwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Galumak (Persian: گلومك‎ also Romanized as Galūmak and Golūmak; also known as Gulūmak) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Siah Kesh (Persian: سياه كش‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kesh) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Çukurbağ is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kalateh-ye Kachi (Persian: كلاته كاچي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Kāchī) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Majdan Lipowiecki [ˈmai̯dan lʲipɔˈvʲɛt͡skʲi] (Ukrainian: Майдан Липовецький Maidan Lypovets’kyi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wielkie Oczy 12 km (7 mi) south of Lubaczów and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Pyrnik [ˈpɨrnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojadła within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bojadła and 21 km (13 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Jedlińsk 14 km (9 mi) north of Radom and 78 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 510.
 Wylatowo [vɨlaˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mogilno and 56 km (35 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 614.
 Shabi Khun Meleh Sorkheh (Persian: شبي خون مله سرخه‎ also Romanized as Shabī Khūn Meleh Sorkheh) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Podhradí (German: Neuberg or Neuberg bei Asch) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. In 2006 the village had a population of 175.
 Chrzanowo [xʂaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Al-Naseriyah (Arabic: الناصرية) is a Syrian village in the Al-Qutayfah District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Al-Naseriyah had a population of 4827 in the 2004 census.
 Kassaro is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes 18 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 18442.
 Małec [ˈmawɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radgoszcz within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 560.
 Dobierzyn [dɔˈbjɛʐɨn] (German: Nahwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Lubraniec 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 56 km (35 mi) south of Toruń.
 Ordzin [ˈɔrd͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Obrzycko 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lirshiran (Persian: ليرشيران‎ also Romanized as Līrshīrān) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowtowr-e Ashayir Shirazad 2 (Persian: موتورعشايرشيرزاد2‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīr Shīrazād 2) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 14 families.
 Tičići (Cyrillic: Тичићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ås is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Kołodziąż [kɔˈwɔd͡ʑɔ̃ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Sadowne 24 km (15 mi) north of Węgrów and 76 km (47 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Boguszyn [bɔˈɡuʂɨn] (German: Sophienau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Wałcz and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 100.
 Qaleh-ye Baba Mohammad (Persian: قلعه بابامحمد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Bābā Moḩammad and Qal‘eh Bābā Mohammad; also known as Ghal‘eh Baba Moḩammad) is a village in Cheshmeh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Khvansar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 29 families.
 Domaniewice [dɔmaɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Domaniewice. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Łowicz and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 906.
 Osmolice [ɔsmɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżewice within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Angama is a river village in the Niari Department of the Republic of the Congo. It lies on the border with Gabon in the forest. The village is very isolated with no roads communications only by river.
 Sutomišćica is a village in Croatia on the eastern side of the island of Ugljan. It is situated in a beautiful bay about 3 km from Preko. On the opposite side of the bay a new marina has been built.The church of St. Eufemia in Sutomišćica is first mentioned in the beginning of the 14th century while the church of St. Grgur was built in the 12th century.Sutomišćica is also known for the baroque villa 'Lantana' from 1686.
 Qarajelu (Persian: قراجلو‎ also Romanized as Qarājelū; also known as Qarah Āghājlū) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Okrągła Łąka [ɔˈkrɔnɡwa ˈwɔnka] (German: Rundewiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Sadlinki 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Kwidzyn and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Wajsnory [vai̯sˈnɔrɨ] (German: Weischnuren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bużyski [buˈʐɨski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Drohiczyn 25 km (16 mi) west of Siemiatycze and 82 km (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gerdmareshk (Persian: گردمرشك‎; also known as Gerdmūshkī) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 29 families.
 Poręb [ˈpɔrɛmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is around 15 km south-east of Siedlce and around 100 km east of Warsaw.
 Vazhappally is a suburb of Changanasserry. It is one of the earliest settlements in the state of Kerala India. Malayalam the language of Kerala writing first appeared about 830 AD. Vazhappally is one of the cradles of Kerala Civilization. The famous Vazhappally Maha Siva Temple is situated here in the center of the Vazhappally. St.marys cathedral church situated in vazhapally west village.
 Pahalakande Bavulana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mazraeh-ye Moran (Persian: مزرعه مران‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Morān) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Muchivolu is one of the biggest Gram (Village) Panchayaths in Srikalahasti Mandal Chittoor district Andhra Pradesh India. It is situated 9 km north west of the town of Srikalahasti.
 Granówko [ɡraˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Granowo 14 km (9 mi) east of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.An old mansion is located there currently being renovated.
 Easte is a village in Salme Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Bar Sorkh (Persian: برسرخ‎ also Romanized as Ber-e Sorkh) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 8 families.
 Muchów [ˈmuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Męcinka 13 km (8 mi) west of Jawor and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Seroczyn-Kolonia [sɛˈrɔt͡ʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Awajki [aˈvai̯ki] (German: Awecken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Pasłęk 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 Milak (Persian: ميلك‎ also Romanized as Mīlak) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Cerova Ravan (Cyrillic: Церова Раван) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Selište Drežničko is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād and Malakābād) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 800 in 187 families.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 18 families.
 Tutli-ye Olya (Persian: توتلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Tūtlī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Tūtlī-ye Bālā) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 652 in 127 families.
 Jamalabad (Persian: جمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jamālābād; also known as Jamal Abad Ghareh Kahriz and Jamal Abad Ghareh Kariz) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 75 families.
 Miłochowice [miwɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Milicz and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Antotinha is a village in the Cacheu Region of northwestern Guinea-Bissau. It lies to the north of the Cacheu River north and across the river from São Vicente.
 Osiek [ˈɔɕek] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ab Chendar (Persian: اب چندار‎ also Romanized as Āb Chendār; also known as Āb Chenār) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 20 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Siyah Mansur Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 49 families.
 Helmküla is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 43 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Guyjeh Qaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: گويجه قلعه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gūyjeh Qal‘eh-ye Soflá; also known as Gowjeh Qal‘eh-ye Soflá and) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Karłowice [karwɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Karlsmarkt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Popielów and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Tazraq (Persian: طزرق‎ also Romanized as Ţazarq; also known as Ţarzaq) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 45 families.
 Pa Takht-e Do (Persian: پاتخت دو‎ also Romanized as Pā Takht-e Do meaning Pa Takht 2) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 9 families.
 Damagh Sefid (Persian: دماغ سفيد‎ also Romanized as Damāgh Sefīd) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 26 families.
 Chaunggauk is a village in Kalaw Township Taunggyi District Shan State of Burma (Myanmar). It lies in the Inle Valley north of Inle Lake.
 Chah-e Khurmizi (Persian: چاه خورميزي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Khūrmīzī) is a village in Chahak Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Palangin (Persian: پلنگين‎ also Romanized as Palangīn) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 23 families.
 Tarachy [taˈraxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Shahrak-e Sadat Gach Baland (Persian: شهرك سادات گچ بلند‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sādāt Gach Boland) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 114 families.
 Mieczyn [ˈmjɛt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krasocin 17 km (11 mi) east of Włoszczowa and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 393.
 Grkine is a village in Croatia.
 Mian Rah (Persian: ميان راه‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rāh; also known as Mīān Rāh-e Vīzhehnān and Mīān Rāh-e Vīzhnān) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 11 families.
 Norton Bridge Sri Lanka is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Deh-e Mohammad Rafi (Persian: ده محمدرفيع‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Moḩammad Rafī‘) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 31 families.
 Kani Savaran (Persian: كاني سواران‎ also Romanized as Kānī Savārān Kānī Savarān and Kāni Sawārān) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 27 families.
 Zangiabad (Persian: زنگي اباد‎ also Romanized as Zangīābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łosewo [wɔˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kolno and 90 km (56 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 95.
 Kaidma is a village in Illuka Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Anneparthy is a village and a gram panchayat of Nalngonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state India.
 Jankowice [jankɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Krośniewice 17 km (11 mi) west of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cztery Kopce [ˈt͡ʂtɛrɨ ˈkɔpt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kalateh-ye Nuri (Persian: كلاته نوري‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Nūrī and Kalāteh-i-Nuri; also known as Kalāt-e Mānī Kalāteh ‘Īsá and Nūrī) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 13 families.
 Lachau Ga is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dimeh-ye Karim (Persian: ديمه كريم‎ also Romanized as Dīmeh-ye Karīm; also known as Dīmeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Mahmudan (Persian: محمودان‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdān) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 4 families.
 Wólka-Przekory [ˈvulka pʂɛˈkɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dilam Dasht (Persian: دیلم‌دشت‎ also Romanized as Dīlam Dasht) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 9 families.
 Kamela [kaˈmɛla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Somonino 12 km (7 mi) south of Kartuzy and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 272.
 Czarny Las [ˈt͡ʂarnɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Woźniki within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Tazehabad Duleh Rash (Persian: تازه آباد دوله رش‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād Dūleh Rash) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 23 families.
 Grabina Wola [ɡraˈbina ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Czarnocin 21 km (13 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 25 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Grzebsk [ɡʐɛpsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wieczfnia Kościelna 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Mława and 115 km (71 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Gersloot (West Frisian: Gersleat) is a small village in Heerenveen in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 292 citizens (2006).
 Halgera (Kannada: ) is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Halgera is under Yadgir Taluka of Yadgir District in Karnataka. The village of Halgera is 14 km by road southeast of the town of Yadgir and 6 km by road northeast of the village of Zinkera. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.There are three villages in the gram panchayat: Halgera Maskehhalli and Raisabad Hosahalli.
 Zakościele [zakɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Slatina (Serbian: Слатина) is a village in the municipality of Sopot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 254 people.
 Łomy [ˈwɔmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Korycin 23 km (14 mi) west of Sokółka and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Golshan (Persian: گلشن‎) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Al Khayf is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] (German: Willmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) west of Jawor and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 150.
 Purzand-e Vasat (Persian: پورزندوسطي‎ also Romanized as Pūrzand-e Vosţá Būrzand-e Vosţá and Pūrzand-e Vasaţ) is a village in Lavasan-e Bozorg Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Cheshmeh Saleh (Persian: چشمه صالح‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Şāleḩ) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Omszana [ɔmˈʂana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Sosnówka 37 km (23 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 440.
 Fakara is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Kashan (Persian: كاشان‎ also Romanized as Kāshān also known as Deh-e Kāshbarkān Deh-e Kāshparkān and Kāshparkān) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 21 families.
 Mąki [ˈmɔnki] (German: Monken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ełk and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sirjarun (Persian: سيرجارون‎ also Romanized as Sīrjārūn) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 118 families.
 Kalapathwela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Lipovica is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 454 people.
 Gornji Emovci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Požega.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 159.
 Sar Mazeh (Persian: سرمازه‎ also Romanized as Sar Māzeh) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 401 in 82 families.
 Tar (Persian: تار‎ also Romanized as Tār; also known as Tārīgar) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tamuning also known as Tamuning-Tumon-Harmon (Chamorro: Tamuneng) is a municipality or village located on the western shore of the United States territory of Guam. The village of Tamuning can be viewed as the economic center of Guam containing Tumon (the center of Guam's tourist industry) Harmon Industrial Park and commercial districts in other parts of the municipality.
 Rachcin-Okrągła [ˈraxt͡ɕin ɔˈkrɔŋɡwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Sar-e Balm (Persian: سربلم‎) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 18 families.
 Hudčice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Vaglen is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province in North-Eastern Bulgaria.
 Nahar Block consists of 46 Gram Panchayats and 49 Villages and 123303 is its pincode number.NAME OF THE DISTRICT : REWARINAME OF THE BLOCK : NAHAR
 Kadadoovapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tandrang Lamjung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2293 people living in 453 individual households.
 Sikakurmu is a village in Meeksi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Gachehvar (Persian: گاچه ور‎ also Romanized as Gāchehvar) is a village in Divshal Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wojtkowo [vɔi̯tˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has an approximate population of 50.
 Murawki [muˈrafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Płośnica 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Nesen (Persian: نسن‎ also Romanized as Nasan; also known as Nisind) is a village in Owzrud Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 33 families.
 Emamabad (Persian: امام اباد‎ also Romanized as Emāmābād) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 107 families.
 Kathkuiya is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3409 and had 479 houses in the town.
 Balcılı is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 145 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Aqamiri (Persian: مزرعه اقاميري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Āqāmīrī) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Band Sar (Persian: بندسر‎) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 26 families.
 Towbori (Persian: توبري‎ also Romanized as Towborī) is a village in Alqchin Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wysiecza [vɨˈɕet͡ʂa] (German: Waldheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Węgorzewo and 99 km (62 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 100.
 Niemgłowy [ɲemˈɡwɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Cielądz 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Długa [ˈdwuɡa] (German: Langendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sępopol 16 km (10 mi) east of Bartoszyce and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rashnuiyeh (Persian: رشنوئيه‎ also Romanized as Rashnū’īyeh; also known as Kamālābād) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sarvestan (Persian: سروستان‎ also Romanized as Sarvestān; also known as Salvestān and Sarvīstān) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 126 families.
 Kudunuru (Telugu: కుదునూరు) is a small village in Cherla mandal of Khammam district in Andhra Pradesh. The Godavari river is very near to the village.
 Konopki-Pokrzywnica [kɔˈnɔpki pɔkʂɨvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Żuków [ˈʐukuf] (Ukrainian: Жуків Zhukiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszanów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Cieszanów 12 km (7 mi) north of Lubaczów and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dojazdów [dɔˈjazduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Dewahandiya West is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kały-Towarzystwo [ˈkawɨ tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Nowe Ostrowy 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Oksvoll is a village in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the municipal center of Botngård about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of Vallersund and about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northeast of Nes.
 Michałowice [mixawɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Michaelsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Międzylesie 29 km (18 mi) south of Kłodzko and 108 km (67 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mohammadabad-e Barfeh (Persian: محمدابادبرفه‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Barfeh) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Donkino is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Wólka [ˈvulka] (German: Wulken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Skępe 18 km (11 mi) east of Lipno and 57 km (35 mi) east of Toruń.
 Grazymy [ɡraˈzɨmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gietrzwałd and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 12 families.
 Foksingkot is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4528 people living in 774 individual households.
 Tolombeh-ye Qaem (Persian: تلمبه قائم‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Qā’em) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 10 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 720 in 178 families.
 Puzgah (Persian: پوزگاه‎ also Romanized as Pūzgāh and Poozgah; also known as Pūrgan and Pūzeh Gāh) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District Rig District Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 684 in 129 families.
 Kozin [ˈkɔʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiszyn within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Lubiszyn and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mian Daj Mahalleh (Persian: مياندج محله‎ also Romanized as Mīān Daj Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 77 families.
 Dražiniće is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 108 people.
 Morcinek [mɔrˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 74.
 Mohammad Ali Yurdi (Persian: محمدعلي يوردي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad ʿAlī Yūrdī) is a village in Haviq Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowosiółki [nɔvɔˈɕuu̯kʲi] (Ukrainian: Новосілки Novosilky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Milejczyce 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nanaj (Persian: ننج‎ also Romanized as Nannaj and Nanoj; also known as Nahenjeh) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 778 in 198 families.
 Gazla (Persian: گزلا‎ also Romanized as Gazlā; also known as Gazlā Pā’īn) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Krzyżowiec [kʂɨˈʐɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Włoszakowice 16 km (10 mi) west of Leszno and 68 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Kiar-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 33 families.
 Razan (Persian: رزان‎ also Romanized as Razān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 13 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 531 in 137 families.
 Kjerknesvågen is a village in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the Trondheimsfjord on the northwestern shore of the Inderøy peninsula about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north of the village of Utøy.The village features a general store and a harbour. Located a few kilometers to the east is Lyngstad School that serves as an elementary school. The harbour is known for its annual Båttreff a marine fair including a regatta.
 Amerghan-e Tus (Persian: امرغان طوس‎ also Romanized as Amerghān-e Ţūs; also known as Abarghan Abarqān-e Ţūs and Amerqān-e Ţūs) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 433 in 107 families.
 Verrabotn is a village located in the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located at end of the Trongsundet arm of the Trondheimsfjord. The village of Verrastranda lies about 20 kilometres (12 mi) to the northeast the village of Trongsundet (in Mosvik) lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) to the northeast and the village of Årnset (in Rissa Sør-Trøndelag) lies about 40 kilometres (25 mi) to the southwest.
 Kaulmabarahachaur is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2354 people living in 445 individual households.
 Sharafabad (Persian: شرف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharafābād; also known as Deh Kohneh-ye Mollā’ī) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 31 families.
 Hire Kotnekal (Kannada: ಹಿರೇ ಕೊಟ್ನೇಕಲ್ ) is a village in the Manvi taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Hire Kotnekal is located west to Manvi town. Hire Kotnekal lies on road connecting Manvi and Sindhanur.
 Pierzchały [pjɛʂˈxawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Węgrów and 70 km (43 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 350.
 Biashush (Persian: بياشوش‎ Sorani Kurdish: بیاشۆش also Romanized as Bīāshūsh and Beyā Shūsh) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District in the Central District of Jawanroud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 748 in 163 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 17 families.
 Rodi is a Swiss village in the municipality of Prato (Leventina) Canton of Ticino. Along with the contiguous village of Fiesso it forms a tiny urban area named Rodi-Fiesso. In Italian language its name means Rhodes.
 Madina is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 12 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 9808.
 Witeradów [vitɛˈraduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Olkusz and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Chmielewo Wielkie [xmjɛˈlɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wieczfnia Kościelna 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Mława and 115 km (71 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Posht Mesar (Persian: پشتمسار‎ also Romanized as Posht Mesār; also known as Posht Mīān) is a village in Markiyeh Rural District Mirza Kuchek Janghli District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1438 in 380 families.
 Vallanes village in the east of Iceland close to Egilsstaðir.
 Varkaneh (Persian: وركانه‎ also Romanized as Varkāneh) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 848 in 196 families.
 Podnowinka [pɔdnɔˈviŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pileh Varan (Persian: پيله وران‎ also Romanized as Pīleh Varān) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1377 in 362 families.
 Hasanabad-e Kukul (Persian: حسن ابادكوكول‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kūkūl) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowtowr-e Hajji Mehrab (Persian: موتورحاجي مهراب‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Mehrāb) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Lekarcice [lɛkarˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Promna 10 km (6 mi) north of Białobrzegi and 54 km (34 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Konopne [kɔˈnɔpnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Werbkowice 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Hrubieszów and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mytarka [mɨˈtarka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród within Jasło County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Samarzewo [samaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Słupca and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zakerlu (Persian: ذاكرلو‎ also Romanized as Z̄ākerlū) is a village in Chaybasar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 521 in 103 families.
 Yelah Qarshu (Persian: يله قارشو‎ also Romanized as Yelah Qārshū) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 21 families.
 Cacanin [t͡saˈt͡sanin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Aračinovo (Macedonian: Арачиново [araˈtʃinɔvɔ]  Albanian: Haraçina) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia west of Skopje. It is the seat of Aračinovo Municipality. Aračinovo is one of the larger villages in Republic of Macedonia with a population of about 7000. During the 2001 Macedonia conflict it was occupied by ethnic Albanian insurgents. Later during violence of the 2008 parliamentary election a gunman in Aračinovo opened fire on security police.
 Radljevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Радљево) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ub municipality in the Kolubara District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority( 99%) and a population of 607 in 2002 census.
 Ardian (Persian: ارديان‎ also Romanized as Ardīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 94 families.
 Kiersnówek [kʲɛrsˈnuvɛk] (Ukrainian: Керснівок Kersnivok) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Brańsk 22 km (14 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dakahwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Buszewo [buˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gołańcz 19 km (12 mi) north of Wągrowiec and 67 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Wrzosowo [vʐɔˈsɔvɔ] (German: Fritzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dygowo 18 km (11 mi) east of Kołobrzeg and 113 km (70 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sucha [ˈsuxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Strzelce Opolskie and 24 km (15 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 685.
 Borówki [bɔˈrufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Chmielnik and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Guik (Persian: گوييك‎ also Romanized as Gū’īk; also known as Kū’īk) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 550 in 102 families.
 Kuźnia Nieborowska [ˈkuʑɲa ɲebɔˈrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilchowice within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Gliwice and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 389.
 Majdanek Kozicki [mai̯ˈdanɛk kɔˈʑit͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Vali Asr (Persian: ولي عصر‎ also Romanized as Valī ‘Aşr; also knonw as Ilanjegh Īlānjūq and Yelānjūq) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 93 families.
 Dzierżenin [d͡ʑɛrˈʐɛnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Karkan (Persian: كركان‎ also Romanized as Karkān; also known as Karkhān and Qareh Khān) is a village in Enaj Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1437 in 424 families.
 Vrhbarje (Serbian: Врхбарје) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Olszówka [ɔlˈʂufka] is a village in Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Olszówka. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Koło and 133 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 440.
 Ingküla is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Qeshlaq-e Owrtadagh-e Esmail (Persian: قشلاق اورتاداغ اسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Owrtādāgh-e Esmāʿīl; also known as Qeshlāq-e Gowmīr Chīnlū-ye Owrtādāgh and Qeshlāq-e Owrtādāgh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 17 families.
 Hoseyn Arbabi (Persian: حسين اربابي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Arbābī; also known as Deh-e Ḩoseyn Arbābī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 28 families.
 Maciejewo [mat͡ɕɛˈjɛvɔ] is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Wielka Nieszawka and 18 km (11 mi) south of Toruń.
 Kushk-e Esmailabad (Persian: كوشك اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Esmā‘īlābād; also known as Kūshk) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 104 families.
 Qaleh-ye Mohammadi (Persian: قلعه محمدي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammadī; also known as Owghāzeh) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 665 in 125 families.
 Grapiczki [ɡraˈpit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Potęgowo 25 km (16 mi) east of Słupsk and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 23.
 Krasen Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Stara Wieś [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Mordy 22 km (14 mi) east of Siedlce and 107 km (66 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kaseküla is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Grudna [ˈɡrudna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Rogoźno 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Oborniki and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Klewki [ˈklɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Tall Kharowsi (Persian: تل خروسي‎ also Romanized as Tall Kharowsī) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Advibhavi (Mudgal) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Lingsugur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Moladanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Guzy [ˈɡuzɨ] (German: Guhsen historical variants Guss Gusen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Kowale Oleckie 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Olecko and 132 km (82 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Arienkavu is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Pałecznica-Kolonia [pawɛt͡ʂˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Aathbis Danda is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4638 people living in 860 individual households.
 Velké Albrechtice is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Gug Darreh (Persian: گوگ دره‎ also Romanized as Gūg Darreh) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 32 families.
 Nieznamierowice [ɲɛznamjɛrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies in Lesser Poland approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rusinów 12 km (7 mi) north of Przysucha and 89 km (55 mi) south of Warsaw. The village has an approximate population of 640 and used to be a town from the late 15th century to 1720.
 Ludowice [ludɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wąbrzeźno and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Char Pattania is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Qukh (Persian: قوخ‎ also Romanized as Qūkh) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2826 in 654 families.
 Jošan or Jošani is a village in Krbava Croatia. It is located on the D1 highway between Pećani and Udbina.
 Nekielka [nɛˈkʲɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nekla within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Nekla 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Września and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lechówek [lɛˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Łagów and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 389.
 Chah-e Amiq Shahidjan Mirza (Persian: چاه عميق شهيدجان ميرزا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Shahīdjān Mīrzā) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Celestynów [t͡sɛlɛsˈtɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Borek Wielkopolski 19 km (12 mi) east of Gostyń and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dzikowiec [d͡ʑiˈkɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Ebersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nowa Ruda 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Kłodzko and 70 kilometres (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 940.
 Biedrzychów [bjɛˈdʐɨxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ożarów 29 km (18 mi) east of Opatów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 100.
 Kępino [kɛmˈpinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Borów 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Strzelin and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 142.
 Domiarki [dɔˈmjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Iwanowice and 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Trzebnik [ˈtʂɛbnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 100.
 Dahaneh Sar Asiyab (Persian: دهنه سراسياب‎ also Romanized as Dahaneh Sar Asīyāb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 20 families.
 Choghamish (Persian: چغاميش‎ also Romanized as Choghāmīsh and Choghā Mīsh; also known as Choghā Mīsheh-ye Dowlatī and Shahrak-e Choghā Mīsh) is a village in Choghamish Rural District Choghamish District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1967 in 380 families.
 Hołuczków [xɔˈwut͡ʂkuf] (Ukrainian: Голучків Holuchkiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tyrawa Wołoska 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Sanok and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 210.
 Budki Wierzchowskie [ˈbutki vjɛʂˈxɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Jedlińsk 17 km (11 mi) north of Radom and 76 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Jasienica [jaɕeˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślenice within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Myślenice and 27 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1500.
 Jamshahi (Persian: جم شاهي‎ also Romanized as Jamshāhī) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 67 families.
 Gilówka Górna [ɡiˈlufka ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Iłów 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Sochaczew and 69 km (43 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Abchak (Persian: ابچك‎ also Romanized as Ābchak; also known as Āchak) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 21 families.
 Holice (Hungarian: Gelle Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈɡɛllɛ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Mazraeh-ye Khersan (Persian: مزرعه خرسان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khersān) is a village in Kaveh Ahangar Rural District in the Central District of Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mehdiabad-e Khan Ahmad (Persian: مهدئ اباد خان احمد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Khān Aḩmad) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Ołdaki-Magna Brok [ɔu̯ˈdaki ˈmaɡna ˈbrɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Plewki [ˈplɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Olecko and 142 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bojanovice (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Wolwark [ˈvɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Szubin 19 km (12 mi) south of Nakło nad Notecią and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 289.
 Kevaran (Persian: كواران‎ also Romanized as Kevārān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mojtame-ye Meskuni Neka Chub (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني نكاچوب‎ also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Meskūnī Nekā Chūb) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 15 families.
 Carpintería (San Luis) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Babin [ˈbabin] (formerly German Babbin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 290.
 Seonica is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shineh-ye Sofla (Persian: شينه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shīneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 25 families.
 Tappeh Nader (Persian: تپه نادر‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Nāder) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 15 families.
 Takovo is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 979 people.
 Chah-e Shirin (Persian: چاه شيرين‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shīrīn and Chāhshīrīn) is a village in Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Sar-e Lerd (Persian: سر لرد‎) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 21 families.
 Głuchówek [ɡwuˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Przesmyki 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 105 km (65 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Mian Sara (Persian: ميانسرا‎ also Romanized as Mīān Sarā and Mīyānsarā) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Włodzimierzów [vwɔd͡ʑiˈmjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Aleksandrów 22 km (14 mi) east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 100.
 Salehabad-e Sofla (Persian: صالح ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Şaleḩābād-e Soflá; also known as Şaleḩābād) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Eydarshan (Persian: ايدرشان‎ also Romanized as Eydarshān; also known as Eydīrshān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 36 families.
 Rogienice-Wypychy [rɔɡʲɛˈnit͡sɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Kolno and 75 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 41.
 Depce is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 441 people.
 Święcica [ɕfjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Obrazów 13 km (8 mi) west of Sandomierz and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 410.
 Taleqan (Persian: طالقان‎ also Romanized as Ţāleqān) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 849 in 180 families.
 Qush Bolagh (Persian: قوش بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qūsh Bolāgh) is a village in Leylan-e Shomali Rural District Leylan District Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 19 families.
 Biri (Persian: بيري‎ also Romanized as Bīrī) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brusno [ˈbrusnɔ] (formerly German Brutzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Połczyn-Zdrój 31 km (19 mi) east of Świdwin and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kaasiku is a village in Kasepää Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Regéc is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Zarrinabad (Persian: زرين آباد‎ also Romanized as Zarrīnābād) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 47 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 20 families.
 Bhiyar is a village located 70 km north of Barmer Rajasthan India on the Ramdevara road. It has eight wards and boasts a population of about 10000 in 400 km². MATAJI KI BHAKHARIMataji ki Bhakhari is one of the Revenue Village of Bhinyad. Resident of this village is called Kanani Godara. It is 3 km south of Bhinyad. It is named after goddess Jagadamba. Temple of Jagdamba is built by Kanani Godaras in 1968.
 Liigvalla is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Hufel-e Gharbi (Persian: هوفل غربي‎ also Romanized as Hūfel-e Gharbī; also known as Hoofol Howfel and Hūfel) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1081 in 156 families.
 Priceville is a small village in the southwest corner of the Municipality of Grey Highlands Grey County Ontario Canada. Priceville is located on Grey Road 4 east of Durham and southwest of Flesherton. The village is very attractive due to the rolling topography the meandering Saugeen River and the well preserved and restored old buildings.
 Czarkowo [t͡ʂarˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kościan and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 177.
 Eshkafti (Persian: اشكفتي‎ also Romanized as Eshkaftī) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 14 families.
 Rundu is the capital of the Kavango Region northern Namibia on the border with Angola on the banks of the Okavango River about 1000 m above sea level. The place normally receives an annual average rainfall of 565 millimetres (22.2 in) although in the 2010/2011 rainy season 757 millimetres (29.8 in) were measured.Rundu is growing rapidly. The 2001 census counted 36964 inhabitants; for 2010 it is estimated to have grown to over 80000 people.
 Halligattu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Virajpet taluk of Kodagu district in Karnataka.
 Jaganluy-e Ajam (Persian: جگن لوي عجم‎ also Romanized as Jaganlūy-e ‘Ajam; also known as Jagan-e ‘Ajam and Jaganlū-ye ‘Ajam) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kupich (Persian: كوپيچ‎ also Romanized as Kūpīch; also known as Kūpīch-e Ḩājjī) is a village in Shuy Rural District in the Central District of Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Owksar-e Karim Kola (Persian: اوكسركريم كلا‎ also Romanized as Owksar-e Karīm Kolā; also known as Owksar) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 88 families.
 Mała Huta [ˈmawa ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Suwałki and 110 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 210.
 Chmielno [ˈxmjɛlnɔ] is a village in Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship Kashubia in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Chmielno. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kartuzy and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Kashubian ceramics from Chmielno is characterised by the motifs of the Kashubian star fish-scales tulips lilies wreaths lilac branches all complemented by wavy lines and dots.
 Starościn [staˈrɔɕt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerczów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kordbastan (Persian: كردبستان‎ also Romanized as Kordbastān and Kord-e Bostān; also known as Gard Bestān Gord Bastān and Gord-e Bostān) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 29 families.
 Aşağıbük is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Niesułowice [ɲɛsuwɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Nesselwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Cheshmeh Barad (Persian: چشمه برد‎; also known as Nūrābād) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Skrzypki [ˈskʂɨpki] (German: Skrzypken; 1926-1945: Geigenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kalinowo 23 km (14 mi) east of Ełk and 145 km (90 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Thimmapur is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Diguvamasapalle (Eguvamasapalli) is a village in Chittoor mandal in Chittoor district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. As of 2001 it had a population of 3835 in 883 households.
 Yemalur is a village about 14 km from Bangalore city in Southern India. It is situated between the HAL Airport of Bangalore and the Bellandur lake. The village has about 4000 inhabitants. Most of the local people have been living here much before Bangalore became a major city.The village was the birthplace of the renowned social worker and tribal activist Dr. H. Sudarshan.
 Darreh-ye Mohammad Qoli (Persian: دره محمدقلي‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Moḩammad Qolī) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Ogieniowo [ɔɡʲɛˈɲɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Brodnica 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Śrem and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Riyam is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Wąsoszki [vɔ̃ˈsɔʂki] (German: Wonzower Weg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Krajenka 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Złotów and 102 km (63 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 80.
 Janja Gora is a village in the municipality of Plaški in the Lika region of Croatia. It is located 9 km northeast of the municipal seat at Plaški.It was historically known as Tuk. Prior to the administrative reorganization of SR Croatia it was part of the municipality of Ogulin. During the War in Croatia the region was part of the Republic of Serbian Krajina. The village is ecclesiastically part of the Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of upper Karlovac.
 Koogiste is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Qeshlaq-e Kaleybar (Persian: قشلاق كليبر‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Kaleybar) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 17 families.
 Hera (Persian: هرا‎ also Romanized as Herā’ and Herā) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 73 families.
 Slatina nad Úpou is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ankande Colony is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Oldemarkt (Stellingwerfs: Ooldemark) is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is located in the municipality of Steenwijkerland about 12 km west of Steenwijk.Oldemarkt was a separate municipality until 1973 when it became a part of IJsselham.
 Kuched is small village in the Jalalpur Taluka Navsari district in the state of Gujarat India. Kuched has a big oak tree that covers the entrance of the village and has since become the symbol of the village.Eventually people from Kuched migrated outside of India and can be found all over the world. Many are successful businessmen and professionals. Funds were raised by the non residents for the benefit of the village and the surrounding areas.
 Konthamuru is situated in East Godavari district in Rajahmundry Rural in Andhra Pradesh State.
 Pathiyoor is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Svinjište is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 103 people.
 Dowleta (Persian: دولتا‎ Sorani Kurdish: دەوڵەتا also Romanized as Dowletā) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Jawanroud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 58 families.
 Darreh Eshkaft-e Sarak (Persian: دره اشكفت سراك‎ also Romanized as Darreh Eshkaft-e Sarāk; also known as Darreh Eshkaft) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 18 families.
 Stramnice [stramˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chalmureh (Persian: چال موره‎ also Romanized as Chālmūreh) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 71 families.
 Haslum is a district in the municipality of Bærum Norway. Its population (2007) is 6041. Haslum is noted for its medieval parish church which is surrounded by a cemetery.
 Stanisławka [staniˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Debrzno 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Człuchów and 132 km (82 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 142.
 Aithanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Piriyapatna taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Gruszków [ˈɡruʂkuf] (German: Bär) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Jelenia Góra and 89 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kordi Chal (Persian: كرديچال‎ also Romanized as Kordī Chāl; also known as Kodīchāl Kodī Chāl Kolī Chāl and Kurdichal) is a village in Kelardasht-e Sharqi Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1466 in 435 families.
 Świętoniowa [ɕfjɛntɔˈɲɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Przeworsk and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 800.
 Breckenridge is a village in Gratiot County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1328 at the 2010 census. The village is located in Wheeler Township.
 Najaf Qoli Qeshlaqi (Persian: نجفقلي قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Najaf Qolī Qeshlāqī; also known as Najaf ‘Alī Kandī and Najaf Qolī Kandī) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 61 families.
 Najafabad (Persian: نجف اباد‎ also Romanized as Najafābād and Nejafābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 560 in 128 families.
 Svestad is a village and a former oil and gas harbour in Akershus Norway. Svestad is situated at the Oslofjorden side of the peninsula and municipality of Nesodden just south of Oslo.
 Uch Tappeh (Persian: اوچ تپه‎ also Romanized as Ūch Tappeh) is a village in Tork-e Sharqi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1380 in 281 families.
 Cabot is an unincorporated village in the town of Cabot in Washington County Vermont United States. The population was 233 at the 2010 census. Cabot Village contains a general store hardware store gas station post office public school (Pre-K through 12) restaurant a fraternal hall and a church. Formerly an incorporated village Cabot disincorporated at the end of 2010 and reverted to the town of Cabot.
 Konkalagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدر آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 59 families.
 Micin [ˈmit͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Krzyżanów 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kutno and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Miti is a village in Palupera Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It's located about 9 km (6 mi) northwest of the town of Otepää and about 14 km (9 mi) south of the town of Elva. Miti has a population of 17 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Gorji-ye Olya (Persian: گرجي عليا‎ also Romanized as Gorjī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Gorjī and Gorjī-ye Bālā) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1430 in 355 families.
 Markhu is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3137 people living in 581 individual households.
 Çantırlı is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Guruvayankere is village in Beltangadi Taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in the country of India. It is located en route to Udupi from Beltangadi.
 Irechek (Bulgarian: Иречек) is a village in Kavarna Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of Kavarna. It lies to the west of Vranino south of Vidno and to the northeast of Mogilishte. As of 2007 it had a population of 26 people covering an area of 12.062 square kilometres (4.657 sq mi) The population is gradually decreasing as younger people move away to the cities.
 Skrzeszewo [skʂɛˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sierakowice 25 km (16 mi) west of Kartuzy and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Here was born Marian Majkowski. For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 95.
 Saymalı Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Chunchenan (Persian: چونچنان‎ also Romanized as Chūnchenān and Chūnechenān; also known as Bandar-e Chūnchenān Chunchunīān Chūnehchenān Chyunchunchian and Sheylāt-e Chūnechenān) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1146 in 338 families.
 Jiwanawatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Khalaj-e Sofla (Persian: خلج سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khalaj-e Soflá; also known as Khalaj-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 20 families.
 Chełb [xɛu̯p] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Końskie and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.
 Rashidabad-e Mowtowr-e Nushirvan (Persian: رشيداباد موتور نوشيروان‎ also Romanized as Rashīdābād-e Mowtowr-e Nūshīrvān) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sielec [ˈɕɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Staszów and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 415.
 Chembrasseri is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Gavrah Zakar (Persian: گاورزكار‎ also Romanized as Gāvrah Zaḵār) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Lipniki [lipˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rościszewo 11 km (7 mi) east of Sierpc and 112 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh-ye Asadi (Persian: مزرعه اسدي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Āsadī) is a village in Arad Rural District Arad District Gerash County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 7 families.
 Jiri (जिरी) is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7138 people living in 1508 individual households.Jiri lies at an altitude of 1905 metres (6250 feet) and is the eastern-most terminus of the highway coming from Kathmandu.
 Smolniki Powidzkie [smɔlˈniki pɔˈvit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Powidz within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Powidz 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Słupca and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tarłów [ˈtarwuf] is a village (a town in 1550-1870) in Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Tarłów. It lies approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) north-east of Opatów and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. It is approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of the town of Ozarow.
 Piła Pierwsza [ˈpiwa ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wręczyca Wielka 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Kłobuck and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 318.
 Kamsi Savar (Persian: كم سي سوار‎ also Romanized as Kamsī Savār) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Fairchilds is a village in Fort Bend County Texas within the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area. The population was 763 at the 2010 census. The center of Fairchilds is located 4 miles (6.4 km) northeast of Needville Texas at the intersection of Farm to Market Road 361 (Fairchilds-Long Point Road) and Needville-Fairchilds Road. The Fairchild Farmer Co-op Gin and a few other businesses can be found near the intersection.
 Shahrui (Persian: شهرويي‎ also Romanized as Shahrū’ī; also known as Sharū’ī) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1951 in 419 families.
 Drmeni (Macedonian: Дрмени) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia north of Lake Prespa. It has 416 residents as of the 2002 census.
 Mara (Persian: مراع‎ also Romanized as Marā‘) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 25 families.
 Zorunovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 179 people.
 Sangtok is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260881.
 Szklary Górne [ˈʂklarɨ ˈɡurnɛ] (German: Ober Gläsersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lubin and 75 kilometres (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tash Nafas (Persian: تش نفس‎) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 32 families.
 Kobylice [kɔbɨˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Trzebnica and 24 kilometres (15 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Jákfalva is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Kolonia Koplany [kɔˈlɔɲa kɔˈplanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Chah-e Kanganiha (Persian: چاه كنگانيها‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Kangānīhā; also known as Chāh-e Shomāreh Do) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 11 families.
 Krzywe [ˈkʂɨvɛ] (Ukrainian: Криве Kryve) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisna within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Cisna 32 km (20 mi) south of Lesko and 97 km (60 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 50.
 Gömü is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 504 people.
 Gaj [ɡai̯] (German: Grünhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of Sępopol 25 km (16 mi) east of Bartoszyce and 74 km (46 mi) northeast of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 90.
 Laheküla is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Opole Lubelskie and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Wikrowo [viˈkrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lalim (Persian: لاليم‎ also Romanized as Lālīm) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1396 in 360 families.
 Wakkund or Vakkund is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bailhongal taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Qahukhaneh-ye Adal (Persian: قهوخانه عدال‎ also Romanized as Qahūkhāneh-ye ‘Adāl) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bruty (Hungarian: Bart) is a municipality and village in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Hewanetenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sułkowice [suu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Solec-Zdrój 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Duran Darreh (Persian: دوراندره‎ also Romanized as Dūrān Darreh Darrān Darreh Darān Darreh Darun Darreh and Dowrān Darreh) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Marzenin [maˈʐɛnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mohammadabad-e Sarkhuiyeh (Persian: محمدابادسرخوئيه‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Sarkhū’īyeh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Crvsko is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 140 people.
 Neple [ˈnɛplɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Terespol 30 km (19 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 118 km (73 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rosbercon (Irish: Ros Bearrcon) is a village in Ireland on the opposite side of the River Barrow from New Ross County Wexford. Although the village was originally in County Kilkenny much of it is now in Wexford for administrative purposes. It had a population of 628 as of the 2006 census.It has a large Roman Catholic church two schools and restaurants Thai and Chinese as well as a pub The Parish Pump. The village shop closed in the summer of 2008.
 Prehoryłe [prɛxɔˈrɨwɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mircze 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 123 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 401.
 Górzno-Wybudowanie [ˈɡuʐnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Upper La Tante is a town in Saint David Parish Grenada. It is located towards the southern end of the island.
 Qeshlaq-e Deh Ful (Persian: قشلاق دهفول‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Deh Fūl; also known as Gheslagh Dehfool Qeshlāq-e Dehmūl and Qeshlāq-e Dehpūl) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 24 families.
 Pustelnik [pusˈtɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceranów within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ceranów 27 km (17 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 98 km (61 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Zaborowo [zabɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Kruszwica 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Inowrocław and 44 km (27 mi) south of Toruń.
 Niidu is a village in Are Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Mianki (Persian: ميانكي‎ also Romanized as Mīānkī) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 79 families.
 Flemington is a village in Polk County Missouri United States. The population was 148 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Rzyszczewko [ʐɨʂˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Polanów 30 km (19 mi) east of Koszalin and 160 km (99 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kuh Dim-e Pain (Persian: كوه ديم پائين‎ also Romanized as Kūh Dīm-e Pā’īn; also known as Kūh Dem) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 38 families.
 Dhudharukot is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2778 living in 601 houses. By the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population had grown to 3211 of whom 40% were literate.
 Kasarkod is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Honavar taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Goritsa Burgas Province is a village in the municipality of Pomorie in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Gadka [ˈɡatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Mirzec 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Starachowice and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 1300.
 Karvuna (village) is a village in Balchik Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Masalhan (Persian: مصلحان‎ also Romanized as Maṣalḥān; also known as Qal‘eh Qal‘eh Khalīfeh (Persian: قلعه خليفه) and Qal‘eh-ye Khalīfeh) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 162 families.
 Abuzar Garrison (Persian: پادگان ابوذر‎ &ndsah; Pādegān-e Abūẕar) is a village and military installation in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1312 in 370 families.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Readtsjerk (Dutch: Roodkerk) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland in the Netherlands and has around 211 citizens (2005).
 Sar Margh-e Sofla (Persian: سرمرغ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sar Margh-e Soflá) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Mowtowr-e Amir (Persian: موتورامير‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Amīr) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 21 families.
 Tall-e Rigi (Persian: تل ريگي‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Rīgī Tal Rīgī and Tol Rīgī; also known as Tall-e Rīgī-ye Pā’īn and Tol Rīg) is a village in Khosuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 887 in 197 families.
 Del Kandi (Persian: دل كندي‎ also Romanized as Del Kandī; also known as Del and Ţūl) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Arab Sorang (Persian: عرب سرنگ‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab Sorang) is a village in Aqabad Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1059 in 215 families.
 Xaisi or Ban Xaisi is a river village in Attopu Province in southern Laos. It is located just east of the provincial capital of Attopu not far west of Xaysetha.
 Izdebki-Kośmidry [izˈdɛpki kɔɕˈmidrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Zbuczyn 25 km (16 mi) east of Siedlce and 111 km (69 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 123.
 Darreh Khun-e Faleh (Persian: دره خون فالح‎ also Romanized as Darreh Khūn-e Fāleḩ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Bojary [bɔˈjarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podedwórze within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Podedwórze 29 km (18 mi) east of Parczew and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 30.
 Chenareh-ye Olya (Persian: چناره عليا‎ also Romanized as Chenāreh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chenāreh-ye Bālā and Chenāreh) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 49 families.
 Počepice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Szydłów [ˈʂɨdwuf] is a village in Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship Lesser Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Szydłów. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Staszów and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 1093.Szydłów's history dates to the 12th century. It gained its city rights in 1329 and lost them in 1869.
 Marszew [ˈmarʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Muchandi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Belgaum taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Darjar (Persian: دارجار‎ also Romanized as Dārjār; also known as Dārījār) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 42 families.
 Kashkuh (Persian: كشكوه‎ also Romanized as Kashkūh) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 20 families.
 Tautira is a Polynesian beach village valley and point on the south-east coast of the island of Tahiti in the Pacific. It is part of the commune Taiarapu-Est. With a population of 2338 (in 2007) it is located 49 kilometres southeast of the Tahitian capital of Papeete on the coast of Tautira Bay at the end of what is the largest valley of the Taiarapu Peninsula.
 Baker Brook (2011 population: 585) is a Canadian village in Madawaska County New Brunswick.
 Bayt Naqquba (Arabic: بيت نقّوبة‎ also known as Bait Naqquba) was a Palestinian village in British Mandate Palestine located 9.5 kilometers west of Jerusalem near Abu Ghosh. Before Palmach and Haganah troops occupied the village during Operation Nachshon on April 11 1948 approximately 300 Palestinian Arabs lived there. After the 1948 Arab–Israeli War a moshav named Beit Nekofa was founded close to the site by Jewish immigrants from Yugoslavia.
 Larroque (Argentina) is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Moszna-Kolonia [ˈmɔʂna kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Gornji Gradac (Serbian: Горњи Градац) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Varmeleh Kalagh Khvordeh (Persian: وارمله كلاغ خورده‎ also Romanized as Vārmeleh Kalāgh Khvordeh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Miedniewice-Łąki [mjɛdɲɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈwɔŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Yazdan Panah (Persian: يزدان پناه‎ also Romanized as Yazdān Panāh) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 479 in 110 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Hafdar Rural District in the Central District of Sorkheh County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krzywe [ˈkʂɨvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Olecko and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hulikeri is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sługocinek [swuɡɔˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golina within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Golina 15 km (9 mi) west of Konin and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Skipanes is a village on the Faeroese island Eysturoy in the Runavíkar municipality.The 2005 population was 59. Its postal code is FO-665. Skipanes was founded in 1841.It is home to Terji Skibenæs the guitarist of the Faeroese Viking Metal group Týr.
 Litichovice is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zagórki [zaˈɡurki] (German: Hünenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 60.
 Mandepudi is a village in Amaravathi Mandal of Guntur District. It resides on East of Andhra Pradesh and south of Amaravathi Mandal. It is located approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) from Guntur City.
 Malone is a village in Franklin County New York in the United States. Its population was 5911 at the 2010 census. The village is located in the center of the town of Malone. Malone is the county seat of Franklin County and is home to a campus of North Country Community College.
 Mohammadabad-e Mortezi (Persian: محمدابادمرتضي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Mortez̤ī) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 El Pelayo or Pelayo is a village in the municipality of Algeciras in the Province of Cadiz in southeastern Spain It is located 7 miles (11 km) southwest from the city centre along the main road to the southern tip of Spain at Tarifa which is 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) away. According to the National Statistics Institute Pelayo had 867 inhabitants in 2010. Its economy is based on rural orchards and mills and it is one of the poorer areas of the municipality.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Elbląg and 89 km (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Eyvani (Persian: ايواني‎ also Romanized as Eyvānī; also known as Ḩabvānī Haiwāni and Ḩeyvānī) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 31 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Gilvan (Persian: قشلاق گيلوان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gīlvān) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 59 families.
 Poshtak (Persian: پشتک‎; also known as Poshtūk) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 358 in 90 families.
 Sandy Point is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 K. L. Puram or Kukalametta Lakshmipuram is a village in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh India.It is located on the National Highway 43 in the suburban area of Vizianagaram city towards Gajapathinagaram.
 Mudrakovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 3366 people.
 Pedaran-e Sofla (Persian: پدران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Pedarān-e Soflá; also known as Kalāteh-ye Peydarān-e Pā’īn Kalateh-i-Pidarān Kalāteh-ye Pedarān-e Pā’īn and Pedarān) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Zielonczyn [ʑeˈlɔnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sicienko and 13 km (8 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Badoor is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Crna Glava is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 246 people.
 Agh Bolagh-e Mostafa Khan (Persian: اغبلاغ مصطفي خان‎ also Romanized as Āgh Bolāgh-e Moşţafá Khān; also known as Āgh Bolāgh) is a village in Vilkij-e Markazi Rural District Vilkij District Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 624 in 140 families.
 Miedziana Góra [mjɛˈd͡ʑana ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kluczewsko 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Włoszczowa and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Polonisz [pɔˈlɔniʂ] (German: Polln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Babiak 18 km (11 mi) north of Koło and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kodijärve is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Choszczewka [xɔʂˈt͡ʂɛfka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 70.
 Piorunów [pjɔˈrunuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzierady within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Wodzierady 21 km (13 mi) north of Łask and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Białków [ˈbjau̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Cybinka 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Słubice 55 km (34 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 600.
 Dandaneh (Persian: دندانه‎ also Romanized as Dandāneh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 33 families.
 Wymyślin [vɨˈmɨɕlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kikół 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Lipno and 33 km (21 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 92.
 Jugovići is a village situated in Loznica municipality in Serbia.
 Głęboki Bród [ɡwɛmˈbɔki ˈbrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Giby 16 km (10 mi) south of Sejny and 97 km (60 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Pielica [pjɛˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Malbork and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Kheyr Khujeh-ye Olya (Persian: خيرخواجه عليا‎ also Romanized as Kheyr Khūjeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Kheyr Khūjeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Atrak Rural District Dashli Borun District Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 94 families.
 South Paravur or Thekkan Paravoor (Malayalam: തെക്കൻ പറവൂർ) is a small village near Udayamperoor India. It is part of Kanayannur taluk of Ernakulam district.
 Çiftlik is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Oyndarfjørður is a village on the northeastern coast of the Faroese island of Eysturoy in the Runavíkar municipality.The 2005 population was 180. Its postal code is FO 690. The town's church dates from 1838. It is famous for two rinkusteinar or rocking stones located in the sea nearby.The name of the village is derived from the man’s name Oyvindur (which is Eyvindur in Icelandic).
 Pilatovići is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 803 people.
 Kul Sorkh-e Lirasad (Persian: كول سرخ ليراسد‎ also Romanized as Kūl Sorkh-e Līrāsad) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 4 families.
 Studzienki [stuˈd͡ʑeŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kcynia 59 km (37 mi) south of Nakło nad Notecią and 81 km (50 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Bojary [bɔˈjarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Kosów Lacki 33 km (21 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 90 km (56 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 100. It lies south of the river Bug at an approximate elevation of 100m above sea level.
 Goman Dasht (Persian: گماندشت‎ also Romanized as Gomān Dasht and Gamān Dasht; also known as Gamān Gumbadasht and Konbadasht) is a village in Darram Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 36 families.
 Billingstad is a village in Asker municipality Akershus county Norway. It is close to the border of Bærum and Vestmarka and is 18 km west of Oslo. It has 2349 residents (2006). The area is both residential and commercial. It is served by the Oslo Commuter Rail at Billingstad Station and hosts the world's first IKEA outside Sweden. Both Budstikka and Varner-Gruppen have their head offices at Billingstad.
 Qeshlaq-e Anjireh (Persian: قشلاق انجير‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Anjīreh; also known as Anjīreh) is a village in Tasuj Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 29 families.
 Łuszcze [ˈwuʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Czyże 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Hajnówka and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Manijalan (Persian: منيجلان‎ also Romanized as Manījalān) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 95 families.
 Kohel Bolagh (Persian: كهل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Kohel Bolāgh; also known as Kohel Bolāgh-e Sahand and Kohel Bolāghī) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Narynkol (Kazakh: Нарынқол) is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Barm-e Shur (Persian: برم شور‎ also Romanized as Barm-e Shūr) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Sar Gaz (Persian: سرگز‎) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Vilandrica is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
 Soharin (Persian: سهرين‎ also Romanized as Soharīn and Sohrīn; also known as Mehrīn Zokhrun Z̄ūkarā’īn and Zukrāīn) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2309 in 602 families.
 Eyvashan Seyl (Persian: عيوشان سيل‎ also Romanized as ‘Eyvashān Seyl and ‘Eyvashān Sīl; also known as ‘Eyvashān Eyvashūn ‘Eyveshān-e Golestān and Yebāsūn) is a village in Razan Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 43 families.
 Makaukpat is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies to the north of Gwedaukkon.
 Zaspy [ˈzaspɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Warta 27 km (17 mi) north of Sieradz and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gökçeöz Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Eidsvik is a village in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located between the villages of Tennfjord and Vatne at the end of the Grytafjorden about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the village of Skodje. Since 2002 Eidsvik has been considered a part of the Vatne urban area so its population is no longer separately tracked.
 Mehdiabad-e Bozorg (Persian: مهدي ابادبزرگ‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Bozorg; also known as Mehdīābād Ḩājjīābād Mekhtyabad and Mihdiābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1359 in 317 families.
 Shur Bolagh (Persian: شوربلاغ‎ also Romanized as Shūr Bolāgh) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 40 families.
 Kiemławki Małe [kʲɛmˈwafki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Barciany 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Redlino [rɛˈdlinɔ] (formerly German Redlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Białogard and 110 km (68 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sarny Wielkie [ˈsarnɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Niemodlin and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nowe Wolkowo [ˈnɔvɛ vɔlˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Laništa (Serbian: Ланишта) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zaghar (Persian: زاغر‎ also Romanized as Zāghar) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 23 families.
 Petrovice I is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Khirbat Al-Taqa was a Palestinian Arab village in the District of Baysan. It was depopulated by the Israel Defense Forces during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on May 15 1948 under Operation Gideon. It was located 14 km north of Baysan nearby Wadi al-Bira which powered several mills in the village.
 Vaimalau is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Mua District on the southern-central part of Wallis Island. Its population according to the 2008 census was 389 people.
 Gamasa (Persian: گماسا‎ also Romanized as Gamāsā; also known as Kamāsā) is a village in Jowzan Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 925 in 225 families.
 Stari Farkašić is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D36 highway.
 Gorno Draglishte is a village in Razlog Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Mirabad (Persian: مير آباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 60 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 39 families.
 Juncewo [junˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Janowiec Wielkopolski 14 km (9 mi) west of Żnin and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 436.
 Charzewice [xaʐɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zakliczyn 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Macrorie is a village in the Rural municipality of Fertile Valley No. 285 Saskatchewan Canada. The population was 78 at the 2006 Census. The town contains a Co-op (Canada). Danielson Provincial Park is 20 km southeast on Highway 44.
 Sarzeh (Persian: سرزه‎) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 29 families.
 Moammereh (Persian: معمره‎ also Romanized as Mo‘ammereh; also known as Mo‘ammarā Sangūr Mo‘ammarā Sangūr Moammare Mo‘ammareh Şangūr Mo‘ammareh Şongūr Mo‘ammareh-ye Şangūr and Nowābād) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 808 in 164 families.
 Mahmudi (Persian: محمودي‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdī; also known as Nīmrū Maḩmūdī) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Koruköy is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 24 families.
 Grójec Wielki-Gajówka [ˈɡrujɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki ɡaˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Jędrzejów [jɛnˈdʐɛjuf] (German Endersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Grodków 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Brzeg and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sjetlina (Serbian: Сјетлина) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Malavan (Persian: مالوان‎ also Romanized as Mālavān and Mālevān) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 105 families.
 Aktoprak is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Bačevica is a village in the municipality of Boljevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 409 people.
 Morgram (also spelt Moregram) is a village and gram panchayat under Sagardighi community development block and police station in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 Waśki [ˈvaɕkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Mońki and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Yazısöğüt is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mursal Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Glina [ˈɡlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Karłowiec [karˈwɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Karlsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mirsk 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 117 kilometres (73 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Zeylabad (Persian: ذيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Z̄eylābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Britton is a village in Lenawee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 586 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Ridgeway Township.
 Kairon is the name of a small Indian village in the district of Amritsar located in the north-west of Punjab. The village Kairon has population of 13000 and draws its fame for being the home village of the Kairon political family. The Kairon family is one of the longest sustaining and leading political family's of India.
 Chonqeraluy-e Yekan (Persian: چنقرالوي يكان‎ also Romanized as Chonqerālūy-e Yekān; also known as Chonqerālū-ye Yekān Chownqorālū-ye Yekān and Chūnqorālūy-e Yekān) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1403 in 428 families.
 Ulaski Gostomskie [uˈlaski ɡɔsˈtɔmskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Luzino 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 341.
 Bard Espid Murderaz (Persian: برداسپيدموردراز‎ also Romanized as Bard Espīd Mūrderāz) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 23 families.
 Lao is a village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It's located on the top of the Tõstamaa peninsula on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. Lao has a population of 31 (as of 1 January 2011).Munalaiu harbour which connects the islands Kihnu and Manilaid with the mainland is located in Lao.
 Kolonie Narzymskie [kɔˈlɔɲɛ naˈʐɨmskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Iłowo-Osada 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Działdowo and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 70.
 Band-e Nowruz (Persian: بندنوروز‎ also Romanized as Band-e Nowrūz) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 12 families.
 Ghalleh Zaghesi (Persian: غله زاغسي‎ also Romanized as Ghalleh Zāghesī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 56 families.
 Moorkkanad is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Chammeh (Persian: چمه‎ also Romanized as Chameh; also known as Chamba) is a village in Soltaniyeh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 11 families.
 Mokre [ˈmɔkrɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Radzymin 11 km (7 mi) north of Wołomin and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 330.
 Kukričje (Serbian: Кукричје) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Smolary Bytnickie [smɔˈlarɨ bɨtˈnit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytnica within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ahmadiyeh (Persian: احمديه‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadīyeh; also known as Ahmadī) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 901 in 222 families.
 Strzelce [ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 480.
 Tazeh Qaleh (Persian: تازه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Qal'eh) is a village in Gavdul-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3691 in 1035 families.
 Mannakudi (Tamil: மண்ணாகுடி ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Matjama is a village in Vara Parish Tartu County Estonia. It's located by the Jõhvi–Tartu–Valga road (E264). As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 55.Matjama was the location of one of the earliest libraries in Tartu County established in 1883.Theologist orientalist and syriologist Arthur Võõbus (1909–1988) was born in Matjama.
 Sorkhan (Persian: سرخان‎ also Romanized as Sorkhān; also known as Sorkhīn and Surkhīn) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 43 families.
 Mowtowr-e Gol Mohammad (Persian: موتورگل محمد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gol Moḩammad) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kongahakotuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kaczyce [kaˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Lipnik 10 km (6 mi) south of Opatów and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 Chah-e Amiq Qahermaniyeh (Persian: چاه عميق قهرمانيه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Qahermānīyeh) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wawinna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Czernikówko [t͡ʂɛrniˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Czernikowo and 22 km (14 mi) east of Toruń.
 Bala Mahalleh-ye Qasemabad (Persian: بالا محله قاسم آباد‎ also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Qāsemābād; also known as Qāsemābād Qāsemābād-e Bālā Qāsemābād-e ‘Olyā and Qasemābād ‘Olyā) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 917 in 274 families.
 Lisków-Rzgów [ˈliskuf ˈʐɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kaka (Persian: كاكا‎ also Romanized as Kākā; also known as Kākeh) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 37 families.
 Kuran (Persian: كوران‎ also Romanized as Kūrān; also known as Korān) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 21 families.
 Devanahalli Fort is located 35 kilometers (22 mi) north of Bangalore city at Devanahalli in the State of Karnataka India.It was originally built in 1501 by Mallabairegowda which remained in the hands of his descendants until the mid–eighteenth century. In 1749 the then Dalwai of Mysore Nanjarajaiah attacked the fort and occupied it.Later the fort passed into the hands of Hyder Ali and subsequently Tipu Sultan.
 Niesiebędowice [ɲɛɕɛbɛndɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sohra Kheyrabad (Persian: صحراخيراباد‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrā Kheyrābād) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 39 families.
 Marmarita (Arabic: مرمريتا‎ Classical Syriac: ܡܪܡܪܝܬܐ Marmarītā) is a Greek Orthodox Christian village located in northwestern Syria. Marmarita is one of the largest villages in Wadi al-Nasarah (Valley of the Christians) a region north of Talkalakh. It is also a popular summer destination and tourist attraction in Syria. The village has been part of the Homs Governorate since 1953; prior to that it was part of the Latakia Governorate.
 Hõbesalu is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 15 (as of 1 January 2011).Half of the village is covered by Nehatu Nature Reserve.
 Tazehabad-e Bati (Persian: تازه ابادبطي‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Baţī and Tāzehābād Baţī) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 66 families.
 Legundeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 16 families.
 Ignasin [iɡˈnaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Chapqolu (Persian: چپقلو‎ also Romanized as Chapqolū) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 20 families.
 Kędziorowo [kɛnd͡ʑɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Paniewek [paˈɲɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Topólka 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 57 km (35 mi) south of Toruń.
 Chrostkowo [xrɔstˈkɔvɔ] (German: Horstfeld) is a village in Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Chrostkowo. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Lipno and 44 km (27 mi) east of Toruń.
 Darreh-ye Quti (Persian: دره قوطي‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Qūṭī; also known as Darreh-ye Qaṭī) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 22 families.
 Nowabad (Persian: نواباد‎ also Romanized as Nowābād) is a village in Hangam Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 62 families.
 Danagalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mysore taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Kani Mohammad Ali (Persian: كاني محمدعلي‎ also Romanized as Kānī Moḩammad ʿAlī) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chvatěruby is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zehlenfan (Persian: زهلنفان‎ also Romanized as Zehlenfān; also known as Zehlenpān) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 511 in 85 families.
 Baluchabad (Persian: بلوچ آب ‎) is a village in Hormak Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 7 families.
 Attur or Atturu is a village coming under Kemral post office in Dakshina Kannada ( South Kanara ) district of Karnataka state in INDIA.It is near to Kinnigoli town. Nandini river originates from eastern part of Kateel i.e. Muchur and the origin is further up abt 20 km starts as a small arteri.
 Kalak-e Naqi (Persian: كلك نقي‎ also Romanized as Kalak-e Naqī; also known as Kalak Naftī and Sarāb-e Kalak) is a village in Gachi Rural District Gachi District Malekshahi County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 508 in 98 families.
 Ragunathapuram is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Biestrzyków Mały [bjɛsˈtʂɨkuf ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kobiele Wielkie 18 km (11 mi) east of Radomsko and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Brzozowica Duża [bʐɔzɔˈvit͡sa ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąkolewnica Wschodnia within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north of Radzyń Podlaski and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Himakuntla is a village in Simhadripuram mandal in Kadapa District in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. As of 2001 it had a population of 1240 in 297 households.Himakuntla is divided into two areas: garugu and vuru. It has an average elevation of 228 metres (748 ft). Himakuntla's surrounding villages are Charlopalli Agraharam Kasunure Ankallama Gooduru and Gurajala.It is a fast developing village.
 Faragheh (Persian: فراغه‎ also Romanized as Farāgheh and Ferāghah; also known as Ferāgha) is a village in Faragheh Rural District in the Central District of Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 994 in 272 families.
 Małe [ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Poddębice and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zagroda [zaˈɡrɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Pain Kola Mahalleh (Persian: پائين كلامحله‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Kolā Maḩalleh) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 20 families.
 Mangalpur is a Village Development Committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12969 people residing in 2580 individual households.
 Józefin [juˈzɛfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Żelechlinek 27 km (17 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Birdad (Persian: بير داد‎ also Romanized as Bīrdād; also known as Bīldād and Bīrdā) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 8 families.
 Dehmurd (Persian: دهمورد‎ also Romanized as Dehmūrd Deh-e Mūrd and Deh Moord; also known as Deh Mon) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2240 in 567 families.
 Pinecrest is a suburban village in Miami-Dade County Florida United States of America. The population was 18223 as of the census of 2010. Pinecrest is governed by a five-member Village Council and operates under the Council-Manager form of government.
 Gazabad (Persian: گزاباد‎ also Romanized as Gazābād) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 24 families.
 Bondar-e Gavsin (Persian: بندرگاوسين‎ also Romanized as Bondar-e Gāvsīn; also known as Bondargāvsīn) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 15 families.
 Ramnagar is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 12525 people living in 1532 individual households.To Promote local culture Ramnagar has one FM radio stations Radio Daunne - 103.4 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.
 Mudana is a village in Patan district Gujarat India.In March 2009 it was affected by the 2009 Gujarat hepatitis outbreak. At least one patient receiving treatment for the virus absconded from the hospital and was seen as a potential risk to public health.This was the oldest village out of the 25 Ismaili Villages. There is also the tomb of Pir Kasam Shah and their family members.
 Shahrak-e Karkhaneh Qand Jowayin (Persian: شهرك كارخانه قندجوين‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Kārkhāneh Qand Jowayin) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 61 families.
 Papiernia [paˈpjɛrɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ašanja (Serbian Cyrillic: Ашања) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pećinci municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1488 people (2002 census).
 Rustai Sahab Vazamel (Persian: روستائ صاحب وزامل‎ also Romanized as Rūstā'i Şāḥab Vazāmel) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 9 families.
 Parłowice [parwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Opaci is a commune in Căuşeni district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Opaci.
 Przewłoka [pʂɛˈvwɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Parczew and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Şenocak is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 95 people.
 Kobło-Kolonia [ˈkɔbwɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Małowidz [maˈwɔvit͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Jednorożec 24 km (15 mi) north of Przasnysz and 111 km (69 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Mowrok (Persian: مورك‎) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 34 families.
 Grążowice [ɡrɔ̃ʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village In the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Kapoli (K.G.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Mokrzyska [mɔˈkʂɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzesko within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Brzesko and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2700.
 Päkste is a village in Haaslava Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Piha is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 24 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Abbasa (Persian: عباسا‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsā) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2380 in 562 families.
 Mysłów [ˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koziegłowy 8 km (5 mi) west of Myszków and 39 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.
 Pallickal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kalik Sar (Persian: كليك سر‎ also Romanized as Kalīk Sar) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 637 in 161 families.
 Fedara is a small village near Dholera in Ahmedabad district in Indian state of Gujarat.Gujarat government has proposed a new International Airport for Ahmedabad city. The proposed international airport has been strategically located near the planned 335 million USD Port-cum-SEZ project of the Adani Group spread over 30000 hectares at Dholera.
 Radoši is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Changaz (Persian: چنگاز‎ also Romanized as Changāz) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 549 in 142 families.
 Darıbükü is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Qaleh-ye Kowkabiyeh (Persian: قلعه كوكبيه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Kowkabīyeh; also known as Kowkabīyeh and Qal‘eh) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kucborek [kut͡sˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Papowo Biskupie 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Chełmno and 22 km (14 mi) north of Toruń.
 Zambrzyca [zamˈbʐɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Skrwilno 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Rypin and 69 km (43 mi) east of Toruń.
 Khosrowabad (Persian: خسرواباد‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād; also known as Khosrowābād-e Amīrī) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 20 families.
 Blatnica Pokupska is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D36 highway.
 Vlkovice (Cheb District) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mohsenabad (Persian: محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Jowshan Rural District Golbaf District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 21 families.
 Suchoczasy [suxɔˈt͡ʂasɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Zduńska Wola and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hesselberg is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Nikatenna (7°19'N 80°37'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mençeler is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Bayt Mahsir was a Palestinian Arab village in the Jerusalem Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 10 1948 by the Harel Brigade of Operation Makkabi. It was located 9 km west of Jerusalem.In 1945 the village had a population of 2400. Bayt Mahsir had three schools; two schools for boys and an elementary school for girls.
 Gerdak-e Sepian (Persian: گردكسپيان‎ also Romanized as Gerdak-e Sepīān; also known as Gerd Taspīān) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 640 in 100 families.
 Thalaivankottai is traditionally recognized as one of the 72 palaiyams of Madurai. This Maravar palaiyam was located in the Sivagiri Taluk at the foot of the Western Ghats in the Tirunelveli province of the Nayak kingdom of Madurai.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajj Hashem-e Neysar (Persian: قشلاق حاج هاشم نيصر‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Hāshem-e Neyşar; also known as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Hāshem and Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Hāshem-e Naşīr) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Celendín is a town in northern Peru capital of the province Celendín in the region Cajamarca.During the first week of July 2012 four citizens protesting a mining project were killed by police forces under orders of the government led by Ollanta Humala.
 Baghan (Persian: باغان‎ also Romanized as Bāghān) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 92 families.
 Komšići is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 El Aguajito is small town in the state of Sinaloa in Mexico. It lies within a large forested area in the highlands of the state west of the Sierra Madre Occidental Mountains.
 Chaulakharka is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1839 people living in 372 individual households.
 Polskie Olędry [ˈpɔlskʲɛ ɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dobrzyca 17 km (11 mi) west of Pleszew and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Šašići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bałamutowo [bawamuˈtɔvɔ] (German: Ballamutowen; 1934-1945: Giersfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Stare Juchy 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Ełk and 116 km (72 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 64.
 Szczuczanek [ʂt͡ʂuˈt͡ʂanɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Cekcyn 13 km (8 mi) east of Tuchola and 56 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Aliabad-e Mir (Persian: علي ابادمير‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Mīr; also known as ‘Alīābād ‘Aliābād-i-Buzurg and Ali Abad Kheyrood Kenar) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3065 in 816 families.
 Borim or Bori is a census town in Ponda taluka North Goa district in the state of GoaIndia on the banks of Zuari River.
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Szczekociny 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Kamieńczyk [kaˈmjɛɲt͡ʂɨk] (German: Steinbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Międzylesie 38 kilometres (24 mi) south of Kłodzko and 118 kilometres (73 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Parzęczew [paˈʐɛnt͡ʂɛf] is a village in Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Parzęczew. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 672.
 Szreniawa [ʂrɛˈɲava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sława 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Wschowa and 38 km (24 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 San Isidro de Iruya is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Deh Gah (Persian: دهگاه‎ also Romanized as Deh Gāh; also known as Dehgā) is a village in Dehram Rural District Dehram District Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 41 families.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Bliżyn 15 km (9 mi) west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 480.
 Gerdukaj (Persian: گردوكج‎ also Romanized as Gerdūkaj) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piruzeh (Persian: پيروزه‎ also Romanized as Pīrūzeh; also known as Fīrūzeh) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Vazhikkadavu is a small town in Nilambur taluk of Malappuram district India. It is located on the CNG (Calicut-Nilambur-Gudalur) road 20 km north-east of Nilambur town. Just after Vazhikkadavu town the ghat road (known as Nadukani Churam) starts through forests leading to Nadukani (20 km away) in Nilgiris district.
 Cheraghabad (Persian: چراغ اباد‎ also Romanized as Cherāghābād) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 Lialehkal-e Pain (Persian: لياله كل پايين‎ also Romanized as Līālehkal-e Pā’īn; also known as Līālekal) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Qarah Jalu (Persian: قره جالو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Jālū; also known as Qarah Jolū) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 468 in 89 families.
 Sarılar Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ciołki [ˈt͡ɕɔu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Horodło 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Hrubieszów and 107 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 İmamhüseyin Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dayalpur Sapha is a village in Hajipur Vaishali in the state of Bihar. It has existed since around 1500 AD
 Odcinek [ɔtˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rudniki 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Olesno and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 214.
 Laskowo [lasˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przelewice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Włościborek [vwɔɕt͡ɕiˈbɔrɛk] (German: Klein Loßburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 60.
 Uniszów [uˈniʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Borów 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Strzelin and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 33.
 Wólka Tyrzyńska B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kozienice and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Mondipalayam is a village located in Bhavani taluk Erode district Tamil Nadu India. The village falls under the Mylambadi panchayat.
 Tang-e Kolajiki Tahalyun (Persian: تنگ كلاجيكي تهليون‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Kolājīkī Tahalyūn) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 14 families.
 Lumë (Also called Lum and Lumi) is a village in Shtiqën Municipality Kukës District Albania beside the Kirit River. It is about 21 kilometres (13 mi) northwest of Shkodër by road.
 Bostegan (Persian: بستگان‎ also Romanized as Bostegān) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 5 families.
 Kurki [ˈkurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Olsztynek and 26 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Aleyar (Persian: آليار‎ also Romanized as Āleyār) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 23 families.
 Uherce Mineralne [uˈxɛrt͡sɛ mʲinɛˈralnɛ] (Ukrainian: Угерці Мінеральні Uhertsi Mineral’ni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lesko and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1400.
 Pozolia [pɔˈzɔlja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Stary Targ 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Sztum and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Wadzire is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Chmielewo [xmjɛˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sicienko and 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Bohr-e Bagh (Persian: بهرباغ‎ also Romanized as Bohr-e Bāgh; also known as Bahr and Bohr) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1204 in 283 families.
 Przykop [ˈpʂɨkɔp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Padew Narodowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Padew Narodowa 21 km (13 mi) north of Mielec and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Rzav (Serbian: Рзав) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jankówko [janˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wilczęta 29 km (18 mi) south of Braniewo and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 36.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Baraghan Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 11 families.
 Gur-e Ganju (Persian: گورگنجو‎ also Romanized as Gūr-e Ganjū and Gūr Ganjū; also known as Gowd-e Ganjū and Gūr Ganjeh) is a village in Tut-e Nadeh Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 100 families.
 Słączno [ˈswɔnt͡ʂnɔ] (German: Schlenz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Zagróbki [zaˈɡrupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Daszyna 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Barrio Puente 83 is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Sidory [ɕiˈdɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Paskhan Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 881 in 222 families.
 Aliqoli (Persian: علي قلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīqolī; also known as Ali Gholi and Mazra‘eh-ye Lābīd) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lipniaki [lipˈɲaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąkolewnica Wschodnia within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kąkolewnica Wschodnia 14 km (9 mi) north of Radzyń Podlaski and 73 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zarandeh (Persian: زرنده‎) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 116 families.
 Ali Beyglu (Persian: علي بيگلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Beyglū; also known as ‘Alībeglū) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1005 in 255 families.
 Warakadeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jitpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5454 persons residing in 989 individual households.
 Gunsa is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1858.
 Velayat Rud (Persian: ولايترود‎ also Romanized as Velāyat Rūd; also known as Valātrūd) is a village in Nesa Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1649 in 454 families.
 Karkatak (Persian: كركتك‎) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aggunda is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Arsikere taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Bashtin Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 734 in 198 families.
 Harrison is a village in Sioux County Nebraska United States. The population was 251 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Sioux County.
 Jahorina (Serbian: Јахорина) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kolwiny [kɔlˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Barciany 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Erdősmárok is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Đurđevac is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.
 Mahmud Aghli (Persian: محموداغلي‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūd Āghlī; also known as Maḩmūd Āghol) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 17 families.
 Glenmont is a village in Holmes County Ohio United States. The population was 272 at the 2010 census.
 Sarzeh (Persian: سرزه‎) is a village in Lalehzar Rural District Lalehzar District Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 33 families.
 Poshteh-ye Aliabad (Persian: پشته علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Poshteh-ye ʿAlīābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2050 in 429 families.
 Straszów [ˈstraʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rozprza 14 km (9 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stary Osów [ˈstarɨ ˈɔsuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dargoszewko [darɡɔˈʂɛfkɔ] (German: Neu Dargsow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Palmarin (also called Palmarin Fakao Palmarin-facao or Nguedj) is a coastal village in Senegal located in Sine-Saloum near Sangomar Point between Joal-Fadiouth and Djifer.
 Karacaören is a village in the District of Çay Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Pyszczyn [ˈpɨʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrcz within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dobrcz and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 160.
 Bighash (Persian: بيغش‎ also Romanized as Bīghash; also known as Deh-i-Bakhah) is a village in Kamazan-e Vosta Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 676 in 192 families.
 Kalateh-ye Feshay (Persian: كلاته فشاي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Feshāy; also known as Seyyedābād) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 17 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 109 families.
 Torsken is a village in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county Norway. It is located along the Torskenfjorden on the southwestern part of the island of Senja. The Skipsfjorden branches off the main fjord just east of the village. The historic Torsken Church is located in this village. There is one road into the village from the municipal centre of Gryllefjord.
 Valgeranna is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It's located just south of Audru the administrative centre of the municipality on the coast of Pärnu Bay (part of the Gulf of Riga). The city of Pärnu is located 7 km east. Valgeranna has a population of 19 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Pólko [ˈpulkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Arızlar is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 49 people.
 Shahrak-e Emam Hasan-e Mojtaba (Persian: شهرك امام حسن مجتبي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Ḩasan-e Mojtabá) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5394 in 1275 families.
 Bayjan (Persian: بايجان‎ also Romanized as Bāyjān; also known as Bāygān and Beh Jān) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Retowy [rɛˈtɔvɨ] (German: Rettauen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sępopol 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Bartoszyce and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mačiuliškės (Belarusian: Мацюлішкі Matsyulishki) is a village in the Vilnius District Municipality 4.2 kilometres (2.6 miles) from Lavoriškės.It is known for being the birthplace of Belarusian linguist Branislaw Tarashkyevich.
 Ostrożyce [ɔstrɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German: Ludwigslust) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Drawno 23 km (14 mi) east of Choszczno and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Moradlu (Persian: مرادلو‎ also Romanized as Morādlū) is a village in Gowg Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 707 in 134 families.
 Aghuzbon (Persian: اغوزبن‎ also Romanized as Āghūzbon) is a village in Lafur Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 16 families.
 Juben (Persian: جوبن‎ also Romanized as Jūben Jooban Jowbon Jūban and Jūbon; also known as Dzhuban and Jūbīn) is a village in Rostamabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1673 in 490 families.
 Chróścin [ˈxruɕt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bolesławiec 15 km (9 mi) south of Wieruszów and 113 km (70 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 630.
 Gołąbki [ɡɔˈwɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nujeh Deh (Persian: نوجه ده‎ also Romanized as Nūjeh Deh) is a village in Khanamrud Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 102 families.
 Varchaq (Persian: ورچق‎; also known as Varcha and Warcha) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 565 in 133 families.
 Szewce-Zgoda [ˈʂɛft͡sɛ ˈzɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Buk and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mazraeh-ye Now (Persian: مزرعه نو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Now; also known as Mazra‘eh Nau) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 49 families.
 Rutki [ˈrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Żukowo 10 km (6 mi) east of Kartuzy and 20 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 221.
 Krzemienica [kʂɛmjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Łańcut and 14 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Wróblik Szlachecki [ˈvrublʲik ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rymanów 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Krosno and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 970.
 Burr Ridge (formerly Harvester) is a suburb of Chicago in Cook and DuPage counties Illinois United States. The population was 10559 at the 2010 census.
 Afognak (/əˈfɒɡnæk/; also Ag’waneq in Alutiiq) was an Alutiiq village on the island of Afognak in Kodiak Island Borough Alaska United States. It was located on Afognak Bay on the southwest coast of the island three miles north of Kodiak Island.
 Genavi (Persian: گنوي‎ also Romanized as Genāvī; also known as Ganaveh and Gināvi) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 15 families.
 Zaouia Sidi Moussa is a village and religious center in the commune of Bordj Omar Driss in In Amenas District Illizi Province Algeria.
 The Village of Pouce Coupe (pronunciation: /puːsˈkuːpi/; French for cut thumb) is a small town in northeastern British Columbia Canada and a member municipality of the Peace River Regional District. It was originally named 'Pouskapie's Prairie' after the name of the local native band chief. The 2.06-square-kilometre (0.80 sq mi) municipality is home to 739 residents.The community was settled by European immigrant Hector Tremblay in 1898.
 Sangabad (Persian: سنگ اباد‎ also Romanized as Sangābād; also known as Sanqābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Alapadu is a village in Guntur District of Andhra Pradesh in India. The village belongs to Tsundur Mandal and is connected by road to Tenali (the nearest town) via APSRTC Buses. Though the nearest railway station is in Tsundur Tenali railway station is preferred as not many trains stop at Tsundur.
 Safarbehi (Persian: صفربهي‎ also Romanized as Şafarbehī; also known as Behīşafar) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 101 families.
 Szczodrochowo [ʂt͡ʂɔdrɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Skoki 19 km (12 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Aure is the administrative centre of Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the mainland along the Aursundet strait. The 0.74-square-kilometre (180-acre) village has a population (2012) of 662 which gives the village a population density of 895 inhabitants per square kilometre (2320 /sq mi).The village looks across the strait at the small islands of Ruøya and Rottøya and the large island of Ertvågsøya beyond those two islands.
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād; also known as Nasīrābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 45 families.
 Masaguro is a village in the Ruvuma Region of southwestern Tanzania. It is located along the A19 road to the southeast of Namtumbo and northwest of Mchomolo.
 Kakawa-Kolonia [kaˈkava kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Kalisz and 124 km (77 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 250.
 Belasica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 402 people.
 Baltimore (/ˈbæltɨmɔr/; Irish: Dún na Séad) is a village in western County Cork Ireland. It is the main village in the parish of Rath and the Islands the southernmost parish in Ireland.
 Gorgin Darreh (Persian: گرگين دره‎ also Romanized as Gorgīn Darreh; also known as Gorgīn Dar Gūr-e Qar and Gur-i-Ghar) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 26 families.
 Pedehi (Persian: پدهي‎ also Romanized as Pedehī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 11 families.
 Saluk Qeshlaqi (Persian: سلوك قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Salūk Qeshlāqī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Romaszki [rɔˈmaʂkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 463.
 Naguszewo [naɡuˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Rybno 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Tennehenwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Glærem is a village in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the north shore of the Surnadalsfjorden about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northwest of Sylte and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northwest of Skei and Surnadalsøra. The 0.79-square-kilometre (200-acre) village has a population (2012) of 271.
 Goehner is a village in Seward County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 154 at the 2010 census.
 Sambalhera is an ancient village in Jansath Tehsil of Muzaffarnagar district Uttar Pradesh India 6 km from Jansath town. Chhatraudi branch of Sadat Bahera settled here in 11th century. Many ancient and medieval tombs of Barha generals are still there.Sayyid Hasan Fakhruddin was the first Zaidi Sayyid who settled down here in 1104/1106 AD who came here from Chattbanur a village in Patiala district of Punjab India. Sayyid Hasan's mazaar is in Sambhalhera.
 Łazy Małe [ˈwazɨ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Lahse) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Milicz and 36 kilometres (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād and Khurramābād) is a village in Razmavaran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Dąbrówka Słupska [dɔmˈbrufka ˈswupska] (German: Eichenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Szubin 22 km (14 mi) south of Nakło nad Notecią and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 255.
 Khvosh Makan (Persian: خوش مكان‎ also Romanized as Khvosh Makān and Khowsh Makān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1117 in 245 families.
 Khirbat Ism Allah was a Palestinian Arab hamlet in the Jerusalem Subdistrict located 26 km west of Jerusalem. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War on July 17 1948 by the Harel Brigade of Operation Dani. Khirbat Ism Allah was mostly destroyed with the exception of several deserted houses.In 1945 Khirbat Ism Allah had a population of 20 people.
 Krokowa [krɔˈkɔva] (Kashubian: Krokòwa German: Krockow) is a village in Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Krokowa. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Puck and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 3500.
 Yaşar is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 41 people.
 Najjar (Persian: نجار‎ also Romanized as Najjār; also known as Najjārī) is a village in Howli Rural District in the Central District of Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 65 families.
 Vatileh (Persian: وتيله‎ also Romanized as Vatīleh) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 56 families.
 Zajączkowo [zajɔnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] (German: Falkenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Łukta 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 25 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 90.
 Karaf Mahalleh (Persian: كرفمحله‎ also Romanized as Karaf Maḩalleh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 86 families.
 Bald Head Island is a village located on the east side of the Cape Fear River in Brunswick County North Carolina United States. Compared to the city of Wilmington to the north the village of Bald Head Island is small and somewhat remote. It is only accessible by ferry from the nearby town of Southport. There are no cars on the island; instead residents drive modified electric golf carts.The population of the village was 158 at the 2010 census.
 Düzmeşe is a village in the District of Osmaneli Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 416 people.
 Brzeźnica [bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa] (German Birkenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sengeerai (Tamil: செங்கீரை ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Chubdar (Persian: چوبدر‎ also Romanized as Chūbdār; also known as Chobdarreh Chobdarrekh and Chūb Darreh) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ab Nik (Persian: اب نيك‎ also Romanized as Āb Nīḵ) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 16 families.
 Ładzyń [ˈwad͡zɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Stanisławów 8 km (5 mi) north of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 38 km (24 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Renca is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Darreh-ye Zirfardivand (Persian: دره زیرفردیوند‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Zīrfardīvand) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Boyalıtepe (formerly Gameni or Kamani) is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province Turkey. It is situated to the east of Karadağ an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is 39 kilometres (24 mi). The population of the village was 321 as of 2011. The village was founded in the 18th century by Bekdik tribe of Turkmens who had migrated from Kaman. The former name Gamani may refer to Kaman. Initially it was a neighbourhood of a nearby village.
 Gav Khaneh (Persian: گاوخانه‎ also Romanized as Gāv Khāneh and Gāukhāneh) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 506 in 124 families.
 Kelkel-e Abbasabad (Persian: كل كل عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as Kelkel-e ‘Abbāsābād; also known as ‘Abbāsābād and Golgol ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Dana Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 602 in 145 families.
 Glassan or Glasson (Irish: Glasán meaning small stream) also the Village of the Roses is a small village in rural County Westmeath Ireland. It is 10 km (6.2 mi) north of Athlone on the N55 national secondary road not far from the shores of Lough Ree.
 Siedlec [ˈɕɛdlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Mstów 10 km (6 mi) east of Częstochowa and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 464.
 Vandalia is a village in Penn Township Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 301 at the 2010 census. It is part of the South Bend–Mishawaka IN-MI Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Włodki [ˈvwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Kolno and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 184.
 Hogarti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Thengana is a town in the Kottayam district of Kerala state in India. It belongs to Madappally Panchayath and is 5 Kilometers away from Changanassery.
 Tal-e Gerdu (Persian: تل گردو‎ also Romanized as Tal-e Gerdū and Tal Gerdū) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 90 families.
 Holendry [xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dubienka 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Chełm and 92 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nowy Pawłów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈpavwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Janów Podlaski 21 km (13 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 116 km (72 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 420.
 Różanna [ruˈʐanna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Opoczno and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chikkoppa S.K. is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Ciecierzyn [t͡ɕeˈt͡ɕeʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Byczyna within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Vinso is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.It is also pertained in the Philippine Islands as the bestfriends.
 Mokrzyce Dworskie [mɔˈkʂɨt͡sɛ ˈdvɔrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Owch Bolagh (Persian: اوچبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Owch Bolāgh; also known as Owch Bolāghī and Ūch Bolāghī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Dragi Deo is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 62 people.
 Dizbad-e Sofla (Persian: ديزبادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Dīzbād-e Soflá; also known as Dīzbād-e Pā’īn Dīzābād-e Pā’īn Dīzābād Pā’īn Dizbād Dizbād-i-Pāīn and Dozdāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2963 in 747 families.
 Shah Nazerabad (Persian: شه نظراباد‎ also Romanized as Shah Naz̧erābād) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 20 families.
 Yakh (Persian: يخ‎) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bledzew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bledzew 16 km (10 mi) west of Międzyrzecz 30 km (19 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 60 km (37 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 621.
 Tarun (Persian: طارون‎ also Romanized as Ţārūn and Tārūn; also known as Ţārān and Ţārom) is a village in Kandovan Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 79 families.
 Cewice [t͡sɛˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Zewitz) is a village in Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Cewice. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Lębork and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1687.
 Rakov Potok is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.The area is known to have several mass graves from World War II. In 2011 it emerged that the area likely contained the remains of the last government of the Independent State of Croatia executed in 1945.
 Guzów [ˈɡuzuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Orońsko 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Szydłowiec and 98 km (61 mi) south of Warsaw.The Battle of Guzów took place there in 1607.
 Çullu is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Dębica-Kolonia [dɛmˈbit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kalinka [kaˈlinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłoń within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Jabłoń 18 km (11 mi) east of Parczew and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Huta Głodowska [ˈxuta ɡwɔˈdɔfska] (German: Lodenhütte) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lipno and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Qazan-e Beyk (Persian: قازان بيك‎ also Romanized as Qāzān-e Beyk and Qāzān-e Beyg) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 468 in 122 families.
 Baranowo [baraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łubowo 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Gniezno and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Heydari (Persian: حيدري‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarī; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩeydarī) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 27 families.
 Sasale is a village in Rajapur taluka Ratnagiri District Maharashtra India. It has many mango jackfruit and cashew-nut trees.
 Karniszewo [karniˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Mieleszyn 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Gniezno and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Primrose is a village in Boone County Nebraska United States. The population was 61 at the 2010 census.
 Pamarru East Godavari district is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India Total population of Pamarru Mandal is 66136 living in 17205 Houses Spread across total 54 villages and 26 panchayats. Males are 33374 and Females are 32762.
 Wólka Zaleska [ˈvulka zaˈlɛska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wyszki 24 km (15 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Salempur Masanda is a village in Jalandhar District near the Jalandhar Cantonment in Punjab India.
 Wiśniówek [viɕˈɲuvɛk] (German: Weizenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 124.
 Majówka [maˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Karangana is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Yorosso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 398 square kilometers and includes 9 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 17299. The village of Karangana the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune is 32 km southwest of Yorosso.
 Hezar Jolfa (Persian: هزارجلفا‎ also Romanized as Hezār Jolfā) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 833 in 184 families.
 Jasieniec [jaˈɕeɲet͡s] is a village in Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jasieniec. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grójec and 43 km (27 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 170.
 Deh Gin (Persian: ده گين‎ also Romanized as Deh Gīn) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 24 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Hoseyn Ghafur (Persian: تلمبه حسين غفور‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩoseyn Ghafūr) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 10 families.
 Deh Deraz (Persian: ده دراز‎ also Romanized as Deh Derāz) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Talebabad (Persian: طالب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ţālebābād; also known as Shahīd Bāhonar) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 28 families.
 Dam Eshkaft-e Muneh (Persian: دم اشكفت مونه‎ also Romanized as Dam Eshkaft-e Mūneh; also known as Dameshgaft and Dam Eshkaft) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 14 families.
 Skottevik is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lubicz and 15 km (9 mi) east of Toruń.
 Murt (Persian: مورت‎ also Romanized as Mūrt; also known as Kāni Mūrt) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1082 in 204 families.
 Kolonie Lipsk [kɔˈlɔɲe ˈlipsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Przesieczany [pʂɛɕɛˈt͡ʂanɨ] (German: Hohkirch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Zgorzelec and 137 kilometres (85 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Uchoglan is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.[citation needed]
 Mohreh Nar Mohammad (Persian: مهره نارمحمد‎ also Romanized as Mohreh Nār Moḩammad; also known as Mohrehnarmohammad) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 16 families.
 Atmeyan-e Vosta (Persian: اتميان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Ātmeyān-e Vosţá; also known as Ātmeyān Ātmeyān-e Vasaţ Ātmīān and Ātmīyān) is a village in Alan Baraghush Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Marszewska Góra [marˈʂɛfska ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przywidz 18 km (11 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański and 23 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 92.
 Byrapura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tirumakudal Narsipur taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Matczyn [ˈmatt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Bełżyce and 19 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Darreh Mahini (Persian: دره ماهيني‎ also Romanized as Darreh Māhīnī) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Aba (Persian: قشلاق عبا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e ‘Abā; also known as ‘Abā Qeshlāqī) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 36 families.
 Stopka [ˈstɔpka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ayalu (Persian: ايالو‎ also Romanized as Ayālū) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 81 families.
 Zakrzów [ˈzakʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pińczów and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Dobri Dub is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 240 people.
 Wiry [ˈvirɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Stara Dąbrowa 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kobylniki [kɔbɨlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wiślica 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Busko-Zdrój and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 460.
 Šemovci is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Hiyud (Persian: هيود‎ also Romanized as Hīyūd) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chhitaha is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7285 people living in 1298 individual households.
 Amanli (Persian: امانلي‎ also Romanized as Amānlī) is a village in Raz Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 832 in 204 families.
 Leszno Dolne [ˈlɛʂnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] (formerly German Nieder-Leschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szprotawa 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Żagań and 48 km (30 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 320.
 Alfonsów [alˈfɔnsuf] (translation: Pimps) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Paradyż 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bachus [ˈbaxus] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Jedlinka [jɛˈdlinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Chorzele 33 km (21 mi) north of Przasnysz and 122 km (76 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Abshurak (Persian: ابشورك‎ also Romanized as Ābshūrak and Āb Shūrk; also known as Ābsūreh) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2056 in 451 families.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Jarghan is a village in Kohistanat District in Sar-e Pol Province in northern Afghanistan. It was formerly in Jowzjan Province.It lies just east of Negala.
 Wałdyki [vau̯ˈdɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 20 km (12 mi) east of Iława and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Bądkowo-Rochny [bɔntˈkɔvɔ ˈrɔxnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Płock and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 48.
 Airport Rafsanjan (Persian: فرودگاه‎ – Forūdgāh) is an airport and village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Geniai (Varėna) is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 43 people.
 Hampton is a village in Hamilton County Nebraska USA. The population was 423 at the 2010 census.
 Bustan-e Hanzal (Persian: بوستان حنظل‎ also Romanized as Būstān-e Ḩanzal; also known as Bāgh Ḩanzal) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Elżbiecin [ɛlʐˈbjɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Psary [ˈpsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieroszewice within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sieroszewice 24 km (15 mi) east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 865.
 Soboli is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 Żuków Pierwszy [ˈʐukuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Pawłosiów [pavˈwɔɕuf] (Ukrainian: Павлосів Pavlosiv) is a village in Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Pawłosiów. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Jarosław and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1800.
 Bab Baluchi (Persian: باب بلوچي‎ also Romanized as Bāb Balūchī; also known as Bāb ol Balūchī and Bābolūjī) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Azizabad-e Pain (Persian: عزيزآباد پايين‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād-e Pā’īn; also known as ‘Azīzābād-e Soflá) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 26 families.
 Mała Wieś [ˈmawa ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Bogoria 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Staszów and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 95.
 Sar Estakhr Kordabad (Persian: سراستخركرداباد‎ also Romanized as Sar Estakhr Kordābād) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Shaleh Pas (Persian: شعله پس‎ also Romanized as Shaʿleh Pas) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 28 families.
 Lipniku is a village in Iisaku Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Hajji Pamoq (Persian: حاجي پمق‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Pamoq and Hājī Pamoq; also known as Ḩājīābād Hajī Pamagh Hājī Pa yī Mūgh Ḩājjīābād and Sarāb-e Ḩājjī Peymūq) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 109 families.
 Baghat-e Jolgeh (Persian: باغات جلگه‎ also Romanized as Bāghāt-e Jolgeh) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Haripur is a township in Kangra district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. Haripur Guler are twin townships carrying the heritage of Guler Riyasat.
 Dragush is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Anepesa is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Orłowice [ɔrwɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Gräflich Ullersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kossinna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tolombeh-ye Mehdi Sefidkar (Persian: تلمبه مهدي سفيدکار‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mehdī Sefīdkār; also known as Tolombeh-ye Sefīdkār) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kalehkin (Persian: كله كين‎ also Romanized as Kalehkīn; also known as Gelekin) is a village in Piran Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 808 in 140 families.
 Okuje is a village in Croatia.
 Niwna [ˈnivna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Rawa Mazowiecka and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Naranpanawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mulu (Persian: مولو‎ also Romanized as Mūlū) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 25 families.
 Leśnice [lɛɕˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Lębork and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 472.
 Cham Kabud-e Olya (Persian: چمكبودعليا‎ also Romanized as Cham Kabūd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Cham Kabūd-e Bālā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 20 families.
 Bąków [ˈbɔŋkuf] is a village in Gmina Strumień Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 1534 (2008). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia. Former village of Rychułd is now also a western part of Bąków.
 Małoszyce [mawɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowie within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sadowie 6 km (4 mi) north of Opatów and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Sorkh Darreh (Persian: سرخدره‎) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Víkar (pronounced [ˈvʊikaɹ]) is an abandoned town in the Faroe Islands on the north coast of the Island of Vágar.The name Víkar means coves in Faroese a name with has similar meaning is held by Island Vágar.
 Viira Leisi Parish is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Muratkoru Bayat is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Prisjan is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 143 people.
 Łączki [ˈwɔnt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Toszek 21 km (13 mi) north of Gliwice and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Dobra [ˈdɔbra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sędziejowice 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Łask and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pilwa [ˈpilva] (German: Pilwe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Węgorzewo and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Podolany [pɔdɔˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Meresht (Persian: مرشت‎; also known as Mīresh and Mirish) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 101 families.
 Modrik (Serbian: Модрик) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Now Deh-e Lakvan (Persian: نوده لكوان‎ also Romanized as Now Deh-e Lakvān Nowdeh-e Lakvān Nowdeh Lakvān and Now Deh-ye Lakvān; also known as Nūdah and Nudakh) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 478 in 121 families.
 Dayr Nakhkhas (Arabic: دير النخّاس‎ Deir Nakh-khâs) was a Palestinian Arab village located 20 km northwest of Hebron overlooking Wadi Bayt Jibrin to the north.
 Taszewo [taˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jeżewo 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Świecie 51 km (32 mi) north of Toruń and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 144.
 Tit is a village in the commune of Tamanrasset in Tamanrasset District Tamanrasset Province Algeria. It lies on the southern bank of Oued Abalessa 38 kilometres (24 mi) northwest of Tamanrasset city. It is known for the Battle of Tit which took place in May 1902 between the French colonial empire and the Kel Ahaggar.
 Brody [ˈbrɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Owzen Darreh-ye Pain (Persian: اوزن دره پايين‎ also Romanized as Owzen Darreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Tarrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Zakłodzie [zaˈkwɔd͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Radecznica 30 km (19 mi) west of Zamość and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The Zakłodzie meteorite was found south (50°45′46″N 22°51′58″E) of Zakłodzie.
 Szymonówko [ʂɨmɔˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Małdyty 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Setniki [sɛtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Dołhobyczów 41 km (25 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 131 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 200.
 Kutak (Persian: كوتك‎ also Romanized as Kūtak) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 34 families.
 Babare is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3392 people living in 739 individual households.
 Klecza Górna [ˈklɛt͡ʂa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wadowice and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 716.
 Wiechetki Duże [vjɛˈxɛtki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Bielany 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 82 km (51 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Milche is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2073 in 348 individual households.
 Szczerków [ˈʂt͡ʂɛrkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Zduny 3 km (2 mi) west of Krotoszyn and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Bayırköy is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Galeh Bardar (Persian: گله بردر‎) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Donja Batina is a village in Croatia.
 Bobote (Serbian: Боботе) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 360 people.
 Tivim is a village in Bardez in the North Goa district of Goa.
 Albuñuelas is a village at the head of the Lecrin Valley Granada Spain. It is made up of three neighbourhoods (barrios): Alto Bajo and Fernán Núñez (locally called La Loma). It is situated on the European route Nº 4 (Spain to Crete).
 Vratarite is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Đồng Phúc is a commune (xã) and village in Ba Bể District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Aghalaya is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Krishnarajpet taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 Ranwediyawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sussex is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. It is approximately 19 miles (31 km) northwest of Milwaukee and 9 miles (14 km) north of Waukesha. The village is 7.24 square miles (19 km2) at an elevation of 930 feet. The population was 10518 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Milwaukee metropolitan area.
 Hatteng (Northern Sami: Háhtta; Kven: Hattu) is the administrative centre of the municipality of Storfjord in Troms county Norway. The village is located along the European route E06 highway at the southern end of the Storfjorden a branch of the large Lyngenfjorden.
 Satiari (Persian: ساتياري‎ also Romanized as Sātīārī and Sātī Yārī) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District Bayangan District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 683 in 167 families.
 Włodzisław [vwɔˈd͡ʑiswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Przybiernów 28 km (17 mi) north of Goleniów and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Wygwizdów [vɨɡˈvizduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Przedbórz 35 km (22 mi) east of Radomsko and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rataje [raˈtajɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Webon is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Ambalaseri is a village in Tuticorin District in the southern region of Tamil Nadu India. The village has a population of roughly 1500 people. Two small lakes are near the village; one is on the southern side and another on the northern side of the village. Rice dal peanuts and bananas are the main agricultural products. St. Jebastin church is located in the centre of the village. The village is said to be categorized into two divisions.
 Si Pakan (Persian: سيپكان‎ also Romanized as Sī Pakān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 52 families.
 Stradovo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Wilkoszyce [vilkɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Chojna 33 km (21 mi) south of Gryfino and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Haft Khaneh (Persian: هفت خانه‎ also Romanized as Haft Khāneh; also known as Haft Khānī) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Emamzadeh Kuhestan (Persian: امامزاده كوهستان‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Kūhestān) is a village in Fishvar Rural District Evaz District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stari Glog is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 44 people.
 Düzenli is a village in the Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 155 people.
 Zarabad (Persian: زرآباد‎ also Romanized as Zarābād; also known as Zarādād) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 40 families.
 Bandareh (Persian: بندره‎; also known as Beyn Darreh) is a village in Shamshir Rural District in the Central District of Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 73 families.
 Tacettin is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pashneh Daran (Persian: پاشنه دران‎ also Romanized as Pāshneh Dārān; also known as Pāshneh Dar Pāshneh Darū and Pāshteh Darān) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 8 families.
 Tulay-e Bala (Persian: طولاي بالا‎ also Romanized as Ţūlāy-e Bālā; also known as Ţīūlā-ye Bālā) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 52 families.
 Khoda Dadkosh-e Olya (Persian: خدادادكش عليا‎ also Romanized as Khodā Dādkosh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 14 families.
 Męciny [mɛnˈt͡ɕinɨ] also known as Czarnica-Młyn [t͡ʂarˈnit͡sa ˈmwɨn] (Kashubian: Wałdowsczi Młën) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-west of Bytów and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.Męciny is located near the Wieprza.
 Pokośno [pɔˈkɔɕnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 150.
 Niecenia [ɲɛˈt͡sɛɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sędziejowice 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Łask and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Biatlar (Persian: بياتلر‎ also Romanized as Bīātlar) is a village in Golidagh Rural District Golidagh District Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 91 families.
 Newburgh Heights is a village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. The population was 2167 at the 2010 census.
 Kuh Mal (Persian: كوه مال‎ also Romanized as Kūh Māl) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ümitköy is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 48 people.
 Mirik (Persian: ميريك‎ also Romanized as Mīrīk; also known as Murīd) is a village in Shakhen Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1095 in 267 families.
 Bhalakachha is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2875 people living in 534 individual households.
 Gliszcz [ɡliʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sicienko and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Jaimangalpur is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Lõhavere is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish Viljandi County in central Estonia. It has a population of 183 (as of 2009).
 Illurma is a village in Keila Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Czarne Dolne [ˈt͡ʂarnɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German: Niederzehren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Gardeja 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Kwidzyn and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 500.
 Zamlaka is a village in Varaždin County Croatia.The village is located near the Drava around 12 kilometres east of Varaždin and belongs to the Trnovec Bartolovečki municipality. Its population in the 2001 census was 440.The D2 state road goes through the village and there is also a portion of the A4 motorway passing through nearby between Zamlaka and Šemovec.
 Raczki Wielkie [ˈrat͡ʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Retzken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Olecko and 142 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Poręby Dymarskie [pɔˈrɛmbɨ dɨˈmarskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cmolas within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Cmolas 9 km (6 mi) north of Kolbuszowa and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 845.
 Dolno Lukovo is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Deh Sarv (Persian: ده سرو‎; also known as Deh Salab and Deh Sarm) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 19 families.
 Shivanakote is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Yüzbeyi is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Oude Pekela is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of Pekela about 5 km southwest of Winschoten.Oude Pekela was a separate municipality until 1990 when it merged with Nieuwe Pekela.
 Oğlakçı Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Khvajeh Hoseynabad (Persian: خواجه حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Ḩoseynābād; also known as Khājeh Hoseyn Ābād) is a village in Kardeh Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 45 families.
 Pipariya Narayani is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3786.
 Bala Rudposht (Persian: بالارودپشت‎ also Romanized as Bālā Rūdposht) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1214 in 363 families.
 Baghcheh Ghaz (Persian: باغچه غاز‎ also Romanized as Bāghcheh Ghāz) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 23 families.
 Strzebula [stʂɛˈbula] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 In India Pupunki is a village close to the Damodar River separating the Dhanbad and the Bokaro districts near the NH-32 highway.It has its own age old Ashram namely the Pupunki Ashram. Pupunki Ashram was the traditional age old home and educational hub for Gurus and their disciples. To this day the remnants of the same remain.The remote village was famous for the Multiversity established by AkhandaMandaleshwer Sri Sri Swami Swarupananda Paramsha Deva popularly known as Babamani.
 Khamas (Persian: خماس‎ also Romanized as Khamās and Khammās) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 56 families.
 Skalin [ˈskalin] (German: Schellin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gryfice and 75 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 64.
 Hemmatabad (Persian: همتاباد‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād) is a village in Sofla Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 10 families.
 Rampur Malhaniya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4728 people living in 835 individual households.
 Gornja Crnišava is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 430 people.
 Sar Chit-e Pain (Persian: سرچيت پائين‎ also Romanized as Sar Chīt-e Pā’īn; also known as Sar Chīd-e Pā’īn Sar Chīl-e Pā’īn and Sarchīl Pā’īn) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bandajou is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the town had a population of 1129. The current estimate for 2009 is 1988 people
 Walknówek [valkˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lututów 25 km (16 mi) east of Wieruszów and 82 km (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lateh Deh (Persian: لته ده‎) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Podbrzezie Górne [pɔdˈbʐɛʑɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kożuchów 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Nowa Sól and 24 km (15 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 226.
 Łuszczów-Kolonia [ˈwuʂt͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Łęczna and 16 km (10 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gajewko [ɡaˈjɛfkɔ] (German: Eichforst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Drawsko Pomorskie and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Rokitnica [rɔkitˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Łask and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wajrakarur is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajji Samid (Persian: قشلاق حاجي صميد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Şamīd) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 11 families.
 Podgreda (Cyrillic: Подгреда) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kamchah (Persian: كم چاه‎ also Romanized as Kamchāh) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 21 families.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 111 families.
 Koryciany [kɔrɨˈt͡ɕanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Paprotnia 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 103 km (64 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Beszyn [ˈbɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Busad (Persian: بوسعد‎ also Romanized as Būsa‘d; also known as Bū Sa‘īd) is a village in Mahvelat-e Shomali Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Çiftlikköy is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 212 people.
 Małachowo-Szemborowice [mawaˈxɔvɔ ʂɛmbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Długopole [dwuɡɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Nowy Targ and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kanbawng is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Gardak (Persian: گرداك‎ also Romanized as Gardāk; also known as Gardāg and Gardāg-e Bālā) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 597 in 86 families.
 Ali Kandi (Persian: علي كندي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Kandī and ‘Alīkandī) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 44 families.
 Wierzchy [ˈvjɛʂxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Osie 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Świecie and 57 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 224.
 Bazar [ˈbazar] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 There is also the Town of Bagley in Oconto County Wisconsin.Bagley is a village in Grant County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin located on the Upper Mississippi River about 9 miles (15 km) south of Prairie du Chien Wisconsin. The population was 379 at the 2010 census. It is a popular riverside destination in the summer when the population can quadruple.
 Sar Rud (Persian: سررود‎ also Romanized as Sar Rūd) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 30 families.
 Achave is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Ankola taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Zardanjan (Persian: زردنجان‎ also Romanized as Zardanjān and Zardenjan; also known as Zardanjān Jey) is a village in Jey Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 188 families.
 Srednja Tušimlja is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Zgórze [ˈzɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Miastków Kościelny 9 km (6 mi) east of Garwolin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Mahjan (Persian: مه جان‎ also Romanized as Mahjān and Mah Jān; also known as Mahgān Maigān and Meygān) is a village in Aspas Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 513 in 101 families.
 Shah Vali (Persian: شاه ولي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Valī) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 8 families.
 Myśliwczów [mɨˈɕlift͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wielgomłyny 23 km (14 mi) east of Radomsko and 90 km (56 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dadeh Saqi (Persian: دده سقي‎ also Romanized as Dadeh Sāqī; also known as Deh-e Sāqī) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 88 families.
 Sacramento de Heredia is a small town in the district of San Jose de la Montana Barva Heredia Costa Rica. It is home to the Braulio Carrillo National Park and the Bar y Restaurante Sacramento and is a popular tourist location. No census is available due to the fact there is no structured organization in the town and the fact the population changes frequently but approximates estimate at 200.
 Nowa Gręzówka [ˈnɔva ɡrɛ̃ˈzufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Łuków and 87 km (54 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 396.
 Junčevići is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 301 people.
 Mampathy is a small village in between Santhipuram and Koothrapally or between Santhipuram and Karukachal. Nearest colonies are Kizhuvattu colony Inchakuzhiyil colony and Kuttickal colony. You can find three shops over there in Mampathy. One belongs to Thengolil thankachan at the center of Mampathy. Another one at the boundary of Mampathy belongs to Pediakal Manoj & family. Third one is at the other end and belongs to Jose Kutty he is teacher also.
 Shahrestanak (Persian: شهرستانك‎ also Romanized as Shahrestānak Shahristānak and Shakhrshtanak) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1564 in 404 families.
 Pribraća (Cyrillic: Прибраћа) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cerro Sombrero (Spanish for Hat Hill) is a village (Spanish: aldea) in southern Chile. It is located in the Primavera commune in the Magallanes Region in the northern part of Tierra del Fuego about 125 km from Porvenir. According to the 2002 census it had 687 inhabitants.The village is located near a small hill from which it received its name.
 Kushk-e Olya (Persian: كوشك عليا‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kawaishk Keveshk Bālā Keveshk-e Bālā Khūīshk Kūshk Kūshkak and Kūshk-e Bālā) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 600 in 123 families.
 Zasów [ˈzasuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Żyraków 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Dębica and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 864.
 Çukurasma is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Gülnar is 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) and to Mersin is 151 kilometres (94 mi). The population of the village was 667 as of 2011.
 Talar (Persian: طالار‎ also Romanized as Ţālār) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 Kalian-e Vosta (Persian: كاليان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Kālīān-e Vosţá; also known as Kālīān-e Vasaţ) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 391 in 88 families.
 Zagłówki [zaˈɡwufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zelów 16 km (10 mi) north of Bełchatów and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Mieścisko 12 km (7 mi) east of Wągrowiec and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Felsőnyárád is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. As of 2008 it had a population of 1058.
 Ekala is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4011 people living in 584 individual households. Ekala is well known for its homemade strawberry scented bath soaps.
 Nowy Bazanów [ˈnɔvɨ baˈzanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 400.
 Mazraeh-ye Sar Now (Persian: مزرعه سرنو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sar Now; also known as Sar Now) is a village in Forumad Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dimondale is a village in Eaton County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1234 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Windsor Charter Township. Dimondale is a suburb of Lansing Michigan which is northeast of the village in Ingham County Michigan. The village is often misspelled as Diamondale.
 Emamzadeh Khvajeh (Persian: امام زاده خواجه‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Khvājeh) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darreh Naqdi (Persian: دره نقدي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Naqdī Darreh Naqd and Darreh-ye Naqdī) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 25 families.
 Gardi is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9544 people living in 1620 individual households.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Zareh Marg (Persian: زره مرگ‎; also known as Zīr Marg) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 20 families.
 Sazeman-e Mirza Baylu (Persian: سازمان ميرزابايلو‎ also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Mīrzā Bāylū) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kandaran (Persian: كندران‎ also Romanized as Kandarān; also known as Kantarūn) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 23 families.
 Jemielite-Wypychy [jɛmjɛˈlitɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Rakowo-Boginie [raˈkɔvɔ bɔˈɡiɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Duzakh Darreh (Persian: دوزخ دره‎ also Romanized as Dūzakh Darreh; also known as Dūzakhdarreh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 18 families.
 Deh-e Dik (Persian: ده ديك‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Dīḵ) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 36 families.
 Azizabad (Persian: عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 14 families.
 Qurt Tappeh (Persian: قورت تپه‎ also Romanized as Qūrt Tappeh; also known as Qūr Tappeh) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1447 in 317 families.
 Sobików [sɔˈbikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Góra Kalwaria 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Piaseczno and 30 km (19 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Chah-e Razmandegan (Persian: چاه رزمندگان‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Razmandegān; also known as Chāh-e Emām Khomeynī Shomāreh Do) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 22 families.
 Svirce is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 501 peopleall ethnic Albanians.
 Fikuri is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2371 living in 440 individual households.
 Bonikowo [bɔniˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kościan and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 483.
 Peddapur is a village in Karimnagar district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Rud Bardeh (Persian: رودبرده‎ also Romanized as Rūd Bardeh Rood Bardeh and Rūdbordeh; also known as Rudburde) is a village in Sangar Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2563 in 715 families.
 Shurak (Persian: شورك‎ also Romanized as Shūrak) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Bandor-e Sofla (Persian: باندرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bāndor-e Soflá; also known as Bandarābād-e Pā’īn Bāndarābād-e Soflá and Bāyandor-e Soflá) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 29 families.
 Petriča (Serbian: Петрича) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kadłubski Piec [kaˈdwupski ˈpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Strzelce Opolskie and 26 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 551.
 Gurahan-e Cham Shahivand (Persian: گوران چم شاهيوند‎ also Romanized as Gūrāhan-e Cham Shāhīvand; also known as Gorūhān-e Cham) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Drzewce [ˈdʐɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nałęczów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nałęczów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Puławy and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 600.
 Garehlu (Persian: گره لو‎ also Romanized as Garehlū) is a village in Gilvan Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 5 families.
 Brusy-Jaglie [ˈbrusɨ ˈjaɡljɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Brusy 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 82 km (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 159.
 Avidanalla Vijayapuram is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Góra Motyczna [ˈɡura mɔˈtɨt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Żyraków 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Dębica and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1000.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District in the Sivan District of Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 171 families.
 Parzew [ˈpaʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kotlin 14 km (9 mi) east of Jarocin and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gogolewo [ɡɔɡɔˈlɛvɔ] (German Alt Jugelow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Dębnica Kaszubska 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 300.
 Liikva is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 280 (as of 1 June 2010).Liikva was first mentioned in 1241 as Liqua village in the Danish Census Book.
 Yengeh Qaleh (Persian: ينگه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Yengeh Qal‘eh) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 623 in 141 families.
 Padali Darya is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Jackowo [jat͡sˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Choczewo 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 69 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 283.
 West Eleri is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Křivsoudov is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rybice [rɨˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Balut Hesar (Persian: بلوطحصار‎ also Romanized as Balūţ Ḩeşār and Balooţ Ḩeşār; also known as Bālā Ḩeşār and Bala Hisār) is a village in Kafsh Kanan Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 Stasin [ˈstaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Talgehi (Persian: تل گهي‎ also Romanized as Talgehī; also known as Talgehī-ye Pā’īn and Tall Gah) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 36 families.
 Nowaczyzna ([nɔvaˈt͡ʂɨzna] German: Neumannsruh) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łukta 18 km (11 mi) north of Ostróda and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 60.
 Łochów Stary [ˈwɔxuf ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Żelechlinek 26 km (16 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Woodstock is a village in Champaign County Ohio United States. The population was 305 at the 2010 census.
 Hosakoti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Araz Ali Sheykh (Persian: ارازعلي شيخ‎ also Romanized as Arāz ‘Alī Sheykh and Ārāz ‘Alī Sheykh; also known as Shaikh and Sheykh) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 61 families.
 Chaheshk (Persian: چاهشك‎ also Romanized as Chāheshk) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1571 in 401 families.
 Bathnaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3620 people living in 681 individual households.
 Yeşilyurt is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Kurekuppa is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sandur taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Hassimhadi is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Józefów 28 km (17 mi) east of Biłgoraj and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 655.
 Dasht-e Bezanjun (Persian: دشت بزنجون‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Bezanjūn; also known as Dash-e Bezenjan and Dasht-e Bezanjān) is a village in Rayen Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 10 families.
 Wybranowo [vɨbraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Rojewo 9 km (6 mi) north of Inowrocław 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Toruń and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Rayegan-e Sofla (Persian: رايگان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rāyegān-e Soflá; also known as Rāykān-e Soflá) is a village in Mohajeran Rural District Lalejin District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 656 in 123 families.
 Tani Mahalleh (Persian: تاني محله‎ also Romanized as Tānī Maḩalleh; also known as Ta’anī Maḩalleh) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 83 families.
 Bhawardanda is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2884 living in 542 individual households.
 Podić (Serbian: Подић) is a village in the municipality of Drvar Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Crvena Crkva (Serbian Cyrillic: Црвена Црква meaning Red Church) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bela Crkva municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (93.96%) and its population numbering 729 people (2002 census).
 Szkółki [ˈʂkuu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rogowo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Żnin and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 34.
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Przecławice [pʂɛt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Następowo [nastɛmˈpɔvɔ] (German: Wilhelmshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Główczyce 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 21.
 Bolemin [bɔˈlɛmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Deszczno within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Deszczno and 12 km (7 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ravna Banja is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 364 people.
 Trypucie [trɨˈput͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Turośń Kościelna and 10 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 300.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 105 families.
 Miąskowo [mjɔ̃sˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Vidovo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Povjestača (Serbian: Повјестача) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kavanak (Persian: كوانك‎ also Romanized as Kavānak) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 63 families.
 Koshinna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Lüübnitsa is a village in Mikitamäe Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Qavaqlu (Persian: قواقلو‎ also Romanized as Qavāqlū) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 11 families.
 Gugjeh-ye Yeylaq (Persian: گوگجه ييلاق‎ also Romanized as Gūgjeh-ye Yeylāq; also known as Gūgjeh and Gūyjah-ye Yeylāq) is a village in Khararud Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 843 in 166 families.
 Lambom is a village on the southwest coast of New Ireland Papua New Guinea south of Lamassa. Lambom Island lies off the coast.
 Mandusat Kashteh (Persian: من دوست كشته‎ also Romanized as Mandūsat Kashteh) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 22 families.
 Inam Asur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sonaum is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2842 people living in 506 individual households.
 Ciszyca Górna [t͡ɕiˈʂɨt͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Tarłów 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Opatów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 Karkhaneh (Persian: كارخانه‎ also Romanized as Kārkhāneh) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 91 families.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمتاباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 9 families.
 Baraki [baˈraki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Karczemka [karˈt͡ʂɛmka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Małdyty 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 30.
 Kureh Rudbar (Persian: كوره رودبار‎ also Romanized as Kūreh Rūdbār) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 11 families.
 Qaleh Gah (Persian: قلعه گاه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Gāh; also known as Qal‘eh Ghah) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 59 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kolbuszowa and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 620.
 Sączkowo [sɔnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemęt within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Przemęt 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Wolsztyn and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cumadere is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 211 people.
 Nosoljin is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 260 people.
 Przełaj Czepiecki [ˈpʂɛwai̯ t͡ʂɛˈpjɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Sędziszów 30 km (19 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 120.
 Youbou is a community located on the north shore of Cowichan Lake west of Duncan and a 15-minute (13 km) drive west of the community of Lake Cowichan Canada. The former mill town on Vancouver Island provides a public beach and extensive recreational opportunities including fishing boating and hiking.Youbou gets its name from two employees of the Empire Lumber Company which operated the first sawmill here. Mr. Yount was the general manager and Mr. Bouton was the president.
 Szymanów [ʂɨˈmanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Starkowo [starˈkɔvɔ] (German: Starkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Ustka 16 km (10 mi) west of Słupsk and 120 km (75 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 203.
 Budy-Przetycz [ˈbudɨ ˈpʂɛtɨt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Badarah-ye Olya (Persian: بادره عليا‎ also Romanized as Bādarah-ye ʿOlyā; also known as Bādarah) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Zielenica [ʑɛlɛˈnit͡sa] (German: Grünwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Górowo Iławeckie 19 km (12 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kharter (Persian: خرتر‎) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Karszówek [karˈʂuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Strzelin and 43 kilometres (27 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Posht-e Aresht (Persian: پشت ارشت‎; also known as Poshteh Arīsht) is a village in Dustan Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Dadohagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kord Kheyl (Persian: كردخيل‎) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 90 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brodziszów [brɔˈd͡ʑiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 58 kilometres (36 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Jarosławice [jarɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Żórawina and 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mannankadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kuršiai is a village in Valkininkų (lt) (Valkininkai) eldership Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 93 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 54.
 Gałwuny ([ɡau̯ˈvunɨ] (German: Groß Galbuhnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bayındır is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 253 people.
 Wiewiórki [vʲɛˈvʲurkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Barlinek 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Myślibórz and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bonestan (Persian: بنستان‎ also Romanized as Bonestān) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Trzcińsko [ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowice Wielkie within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) east of Jelenia Góra and 87 km (54 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Suleki (Persian: سولكي‎ also Romanized as Sūlekī; also known asSelūkī) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 31 families.
 Przystałowice Duże-Kolonia [pʂɨstawɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qaleh-ye Zendani (Persian: قلعه زنداني‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Zendānī; also known as Bāgh-e Zendān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rud Gaz-e Olya (Persian: رودگزعليا‎ also Romanized as Rūd Gaz-e ‘Olyā; also known as Rūd Gaz) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Grabik [ˈɡrabik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaworzyce within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gaworzyce 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Polkowice and 97 kilometres (60 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Qarni Yarikh (Persian: قارني ياريخ‎ also Romanized as Qārnī Yārīkh; also known as Qārnī Yāreq) is a village in Hajjilar-e Jonubi Rural District Hajjilar District Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żeleźnica [ʐɛlɛʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Przedbórz 41 km (25 mi) east of Radomsko and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ostrowite [ɔstrɔˈvitɛ] (Kashubian: Òstrété) is a village in Gmina Lipnica Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Bytów and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 232.
 Torbeqan (Persian: تربقان‎ also Romanized as Torbeqān) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1515 in 420 families.
 Sus (Persian: سوس‎ also Romanized as Sūs) is a village in Zeynabad Rural District Shal District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 728 in 150 families.
 Razan (Persian: رزان‎ also Romanized as Razān) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Barreh Mal (Persian: بره مال‎ also Romanized as Barreh Māl; also known as Baramol) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 28 families.
 Ahmadabad-e Molla Mas (Persian: احمد اباد مله ماس‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Mollā Mās; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 35 families.
 Miecze [ˈmjɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Rajgród 8 km (5 mi) east of Grajewo and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Żuki [ˈʐukʲi] (Belarusian: Жукі Zhuki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 80.
 Osowa [ɔˈsɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Hańsk 16 km (10 mi) south of Włodawa and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kijowiec [kʲiˈjɔvʲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zalesie 18 km (11 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 107 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mazraeh-ye Karimi (Persian: مزرعه كريمي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Karīmī) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kościerzyn [kɔɕˈt͡ɕeʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wróblew 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 400.
 Komaszówka [kɔmaˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Augustów and 72 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nuchiyad is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Kamrud (Persian: كامرود‎ also Romanized as Kāmrūd) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hoseynabad-e Kanj Kuh (Persian: حسين ابادكنج كوه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād –e Kanj Kūh; also known as Ḩoseynābād and ’oseynābād) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karczemki [karˈt͡ʂɛmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Szemud 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Wejherowo and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 69.
 Rzeplino [ʐɛˈplinɔ] (formerly German Repplin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 610.
 Wola Kuczkowska [ˈvɔla kut͡ʂˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Secemin 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Włoszczowa and 62 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 250.
 Pieńpole [pjɛɲˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Stupsk 17 km (11 mi) south of Mława and 93 km (58 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Durak (Persian: دورك‎ also Romanized as Dūrak) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 47 families.
 Kahkadan (Persian: كهكدان‎ also Romanized as Kahkadān) is a village in Samen Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2382 in 611 families.
 Ali Rezai (Persian: عليرضا‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālī Reẕā’ī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mariany [maˈrjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Majeshti (Persian: مجشتي‎ also Romanized as Majeshtī Machasht Māchashtī  Mah Jashtī Mahjeshti Majashti and Majestī) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Grunwald [ˈɡrunvalt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów Łódzki 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Zgierz and 14 km (9 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 47 families.
 Tuhu is a village in Lihula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Long Point is a peninsula located in Provincetown Massachusetts at the extreme tip of Cape Cod as it curls back in on itself to create Provincetown Harbor. The Long Point Light was built on this point in 1827. The lighthouse once shared this peninsula with a settlement of fishermen that came to be known as Long Point Massachusetts. This Provincetown village grew and thrived from 1818 until the late 1850s.
 Ilan Qarah-ye Sofla (Persian: ايلان قره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Īlān Qarah-ye Soflá; also known as Īlānqarah-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 18 families.
 Czaple [ˈt͡ʂaplɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Świeszyno 18 km (11 mi) south of Koszalin and 129 km (80 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 53.
 Piasek Mały [ˈpjasɛk ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Solec-Zdrój 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Khorrami Rural District in the Central District of Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowy Dwór Bratiański [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur braˈtjaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Mazavi (Persian: مازاوئ‎ also Romanized as Māzāvī) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 68 families.
 Mangutti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hukeri taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Lukavica (Cyrillic: Лукавица) is a village in the municipality of Gračanica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Helva is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 290 people.
 Hassalaka is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hengaran (Persian: هنگران‎ also Romanized as Hengarān) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Kachal Mangan (Persian: كچل منگان‎ also Romanized as Kachal Mangān) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 55 families.
 Szczutowo [ʂt͡ʂuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomin within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Radomin 14 km (9 mi) east of Golub-Dobrzyń and 44 km (27 mi) east of Toruń.
 Bidrubeh-ye Markazi (Persian: بیدروبه مرکزی‎ also Romanized as Bīdrūbeh-ye Markazī; also known as Bīdrūbeh-ye Vosţá) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1904 in 382 families.
 Dhagari Pipal is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3834 people living in 668 individual households.
 Maarin (Arabic: معرين‎ also spelled Ma'arrin) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located west of Hama. Nearby localities include Mahrusah to the west Jubb Ramlah to the north Hanjur and Asilah to the northeast Umm al-Tiyur to the east Deir al-Salib to the south and Masyaf to the southwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Maarin had a population of 1830 in the 2004 census.
 Kewtaveer (Kewatabir) (Hindi: केवटावीर is a village situated on the banks of the river Ganges in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
 Mostki [ˈmɔstki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Włocławek and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Czarna [ˈt͡ʂarna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Riab (Persian: رياب‎ also Romanized as Rīāb) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 14 families.
 Modrolas [mɔˈdrɔlas] (formerly German Mandelatz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Tychowo 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Białogard and 120 km (75 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gerdekan-e Ahmadi (Persian: گردكان احمدي‎ also Romanized as Gerdekān-e Aḩmadī and Gardekān-e Aḩmadī; also known as Gardekān) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 13 families.
 Hesari-ye Gazerani (Persian: حصاري گازراني‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşārī-ye Gāzerānī; also known as Ḩeşārī and Ḩeşār) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 98 families.
 Haqnabad (Persian: حقن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩaqnābād; also known as Haqqābād) is a village in Shabeh Rural District Jangal District Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 646 in 146 families.
 Alastvere is a village in Põltsamaa Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Chahar Bisheh (Persian: چهاربيشه‎ also Romanized as Chahār Bīsheh) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zardan (Persian: زردان‎ also Romanized as Zardān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Thallavellamla is a village panchayat in Chityal mandal in Nalgonda district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Pish Hesar (Persian: پيش حصار‎ also Romanized as Pīsh Ḩeşār) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 914 in 239 families.
 Strzykocin [stʂɨˈkɔt͡ɕin] (German: Streckenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brojce within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Brojce 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Gryfice and 82 km (51 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 175.
 Mikołajew [mikɔˈwajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kongarahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kollegal taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Jingadawa Belbichhwa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3628 people living in 639 individual households.
 Marianówka [marjaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wilkołaz 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Kraśnik and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 About this sound Svobodné Heřmanice (German: Frei-Hermersdorf) is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Karmahawa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3744 people living in 605 individual households.
 Dąbrówka Mała [dɔmˈbrufka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczaniec within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Szczaniec 12 km (7 mi) east of Świebodzin 36 km (22 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.In the years 1975-1998 the village has a Zielona Gora province. The village has a population of 296.
 Piastowo [pʲasˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lubaczów and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 185.
 Sarzeh Posht Band (Persian: سرزه پشت بند‎) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 874 in 208 families.
 Saran Bar-e Kashkali (Persian: سرانباركاشكلي‎ also Romanized as Sarān Bār-e Kāshkalī) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Waśniewo-Grabowo [vaɕˈɲevɔ ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Janowiec Kościelny 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Tall-e Bardi (Persian: تل بردي‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Bardī Tall Bardī and Tol-e Bardī) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 19 families.
 Jaja (Persian: جاجا‎ also Romanized as Jājā and Jā Jā; also known as Chah Jā Chāhjah Chāhjeh Chājeh and Shāhjūn) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 88 families.
 Karmowstaj (Persian: ك رموستج‎; also known as Karmastaj Karmostaj Kermsīj and Kermsīj) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1626 in 336 families.
 Nian (Persian: نيان‎ also Romanized as Nīān Neyān and Nīyān; also known as Nuyān) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 75 families.
 Tudeh Bin (Persian: توده بين‎ also Romanized as Tūdeh Bīn and Toodeh Bin; also known as Ārpāshāl and Tūdabīn) is a village in Darsajin Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 94 families.
 Deh Mir Qomsur Deli Rich-e Olya (Persian: ده ميرقمصوردلي ريچ عليا‎ also Romanized as Deh Mīr Qomṣūr Delī Rīch-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 37 families.
 Bon Bid (Persian: بن بيد‎ also Romanized as Bon Bīd) is a village in Shonbeh Rural District Shonbeh and Tasuj District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 38 families.
 Zbrui (Ukrainian: Збруї) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Abd-ol Seyyed (Persian: عبدالسيد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abd-ol Seyyed; also known as ‘Abd-e Sa‘īd ‘Abd ol Sa‘īd-e Marīvash) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 643 in 107 families.
 Karolinów [karɔˈlinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krasocin 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Włoszczowa and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 207.
 Marinovac is a village in the municipality of Zaječar Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 305 people.
 Radomierz [raˈdɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowice Wielkie within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Janowice Wielkie 13 km (8 mi) east of Jelenia Góra and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Środoń [ˈɕrɔdɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qaleh-ye Fereydun (Persian: قلعه فريدون‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Fereydūn and Qal’eh Fereydūn; also known as Fereydūnābād Qal‘eh Fereydon and Qal‘eh-ye Fereydūnābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 44 families.
 Saareküla Saare County is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Abachikkanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Devanahalli taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Janowice [janɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wieliczka and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Koniusza [kɔˈɲuʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Fredropol 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Ab Barik-e Jonubi (Persian: اب باريك جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Āb Bārīk-e Jonūbī; also known as Āb Bārīk and Āb-e Bārīk) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 92 families.
 Sefid Barg (Persian: سفيدبرگ‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Barg) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 568 in 121 families.
 Dąbrowica [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Długołęka and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Zakłodzie [zaˈkwɔd͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Nowogard 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sivan (Persian: سيوان‎ also Romanized as Sīvān) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 48 families.
 Uğurlu Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey. The village is 163 km away from the Antalya Province and is 23 km away from the town of Alanya.The village has no primary schools post offices and health centers. It also lacks proper drinking water supply and sewage networks. Electricity and fixed telephones are there in some parts of the village.
 Seyl Gorgi (Persian: سيل گرگي‎ also Romanized as Seyl Gorgī Seyl Gorjī and Sīl Gorjī; also known as Gorgī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 23 families.
 Olszewnik [ɔlˈʂɛvnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Jeziorany and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 190.
 Shakin (Persian: شاكين‎ also Romanized as Shākīn) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District Ziaabad District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 127 families.
 Chernograd is a village in the municipality of Aytos in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Seyuki (Persian: سيوكي‎ also Romanized as Seyūkī Sīūkī and Sīyūkī) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1135 in 326 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Bamri (Persian: تلمبه بامري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bāmrī) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 33 families.
 Selja is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kotkowo [kɔtˈkɔvɔ] (German: Katzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Łukta 15 km (9 mi) north of Ostróda and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 50.
 Sianożęty [ɕanɔˈʐɛntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustronie Morskie within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 280.
 Meremõisa is a village in Keila Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rzeczniów 18 km (11 mi) west of Lipsko and 122 km (76 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mowtowr-e Mohammad Mehdi Sajadi (Persian: موتور محمدمهدي سجا دي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Moḩammad Mehdī Sajādī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Królikowo [kruliˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Olsztynek and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).[citation needed] The village has a population of 260.[citation needed]
 Langedijke (West Frisian: Langedike) is a village consisting of about 290 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
 Armak (Persian: ارمك‎) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 27 families.
 Koconia [kɔˈt͡sɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. Apparently nothing ever happened there. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Masłowice 25 km (16 mi) east of Radomsko and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Khataiyeh (Persian: خطائيه‎ also Romanized as Khaţā‘īyeh) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Gerdtigh (Persian: گردتيغ‎ also Romanized as Gerdtīgh and Gertīgh) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 19 families.
 Gola Mała [ˈɡɔla ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Twardogóra 21 kilometres (13 mi) north of Oleśnica and 40 kilometres (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kuków [ˈkukuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Suwałki and 112 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Rasno is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 401 people.
 Długi Kąt [ˈdwuɡi ˈkɔnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wręczyca Wielka 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Kłobuck and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 449.
 Urge Pärnu County is a village in Sauga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Capitan is a village in Lincoln County New Mexico United States located north of the Lincoln National Forest between the Capitan and Sacramento Mountains at an elevation of 6530 feet (1990 m). The population was 1443 at the 2000 census. Capitan was founded in the 1890s and incorporated in 1941.
 Maksymów [makˈsɨmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sokolniki 17 km (11 mi) east of Wieruszów and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ali Khan-e Kachkul (Persian: عليخان کچکول‎ also Romanized as ʿAlī Khān-e Kachkūl; also known as ‘Alī Khān-e Kachūl) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 53 families.
 Chandur – Tek is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Brzozowo-Solniki [bʐɔˈzɔvɔ sɔlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Poświętne and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 80.
 Terebiniec [tɛrɛˈbiɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Werbkowice 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Hrubieszów and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Karkabud (Persian: كركبود‎ also Romanized as Karkabūd) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 39 families.
 Pomyków [pɔˈmɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Końskie and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 350.
 Singaram is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Atmakur mandal.
 Warwat Bakal is a village in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.
 Bobbellapadu (also spelled Bobillapadu or Bobbillapadu) is a village located in Chandarlapadu Krishna district Andhra Pradesh. It has approximately 1261 residents in approximately 362 households. It has pincode 521182.
 Trnávka (Hungarian: Csallóköztárnok or Tárnok Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈtʃɒlːoːkøztaːrnok]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Pallathuruthy is a village in the Kuttanad region in the district of Alappuzha in the state of Kerala India. Pallathuruthy is a water bound region surrounded by the Vembanad lake. Also the Pallathuruthy Canal passed through the region. Like much of the rest of Kuttanad most of the land in Pallathuruthy is used for paddy cultivation. It is also a hub for many houseboat operators.
 Czumsk Duży [ˈt͡ʂumsk ˈduʐɨ] (German: Schummen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Rypin and 60 km (37 mi) east of Toruń.
 Sahlabad (Persian: سهل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sahlābād; also known as Sālehābād) is a village in Khir Rural District Runiz District Estahban County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1908 in 444 families.
 Kapı is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Tinley Park is a village located primarily in Cook County Illinois United States with a small portion in Will County. The population was 56703 at the 2010 census. It is one of the fastest growing suburbs south of Chicago. In 2009 Tinley Park was selected by BusinessWeek as the best place to raise a family in America.
 Arnesa (Persian: ارنسا‎ also Romanized as Ārnesā) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 60 families.
 Gościcino [ɡɔɕt͡ɕiˈt͡ɕinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wejherowo and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 5278.
 Aliabad-e Malang (Persian: علي ابادملنگ‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Malang; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Janowszczyzna [janɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Sokółka and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hobeysh (Persian: حبيش‎ also Romanized as Ḩobeysh; also known as Salmān) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 7 families.
 Sudaste is a village in Mäksa Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Podlas [ˈpɔdlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rawa Mazowiecka and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bronów [ˈbrɔnuf] (German: Börnchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobromierz within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dobromierz 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Świdnica and 62 kilometres (39 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Qezel Hesar (Persian: قزل حصار‎ also Romanized as Qezel Ḥeṣār and Ghezel Ḥeṣār; also known as Ghiral Hisār) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 807 in 208 families.
 Tatar-e Sofla (Persian: تاتار سفلی‎ also Romanized as Tātār-e Soflá; also known as Perebay-Tatar Pirabai Pīrehbāy and Tātār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 84 families.
 Storslett is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Nordreisa in Troms county Norway. The village is located at the southern end of the Reisafjorden along the mouth of the river Reisaelva. The 1.72-square-kilometre (430-acre) village has a population (2012) of 1708 which gives the village a population density of 993 inhabitants per square kilometre (2570 /sq mi).Nordreisa Church and Nordreisa's upper secondary school are located in Storslett.
 Vodëz e Sipërme is a village in the municipality of Otllak in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Pel Maoudé is a village and rural commune and seat of the Cercle of Koro in the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 203 square kilometers and includes 9 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 13727.
 Chah-e Nasir (Persian: چاه نصير‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Naşīr and Chāh Nasīr) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 77 families.
 İbrahimözü is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 463 people.
 Dohani is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4253 people living in 716 individual households.
 Dé is a village and seat of the commune of Diamnati in the Cercle of Bandiagara of the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.
 Bolejny [bɔˈlɛi̯nɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Nidzica and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn. Until 1945 the village belonged to Germany and was named Bolleinen.
 Cham Chit (Persian: چم چيت‎ also Romanized as Cham Chīt; also known as Cham Chid) is a village in Dorud Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Whitney Point is a village in Broome County New York United States. The population was 964 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area. The name comes from Thomas and William Whitney early developers.The village is in the southwest corner of the town of Triangle and is north of Binghamton.
 Bodaghabad (Persian: بداغ اباد‎ also Romanized as Bodāghābād) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Atamalek District Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 607 in 167 families.
 Kalateh-ye Anamusi (Persian: كلاته اناموسي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ānāmūsī) is a village in Atrak Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Boğazkaya is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kallehusi (Persian: كلهوسي‎ also Romanized as Kallehūsī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rychnowy [rɨxˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Boska Wola [ˈbɔska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Stromiec 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Białobrzegi and 57 km (35 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 270.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Szydłów 15 km (9 mi) west of Staszów and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 106.
 Saint-François-de-Madawaska (2011 pop.: 533) is a Canadian village in Madawaska County New Brunswick.The village is known as the province's Chicken Capital referring to its role in the poultry industry. Former and merged names for the community include Webster's Creek and Winding Ledges.Nearby attractions include Glazier Lake and the Forges Jos B.
 Wytomyśl [vɨˈtɔmɨɕl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Nowy Tomyśl and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 512.
 Säpina (Seto: Säpinde) is a village in Värska Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Baji Sara (Persian: باجي سرا‎ also Romanized as Bājī Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Mierzyno [mjɛˈʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Gniewino 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 164.
 Wiyanamulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Abgarm (Persian: ابگرم‎ also Romanized as Ābgarm Āb-e Garm and Āb Garm; also known as Darmānābād and Īstī Sū) is a village in Kenarporuzh Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 598 in 113 families.
 Hut Gat Jahli (Persian: هوت گت جهلي‎ also Romanized as Hūt Gat Jahlī; also known as Hūt Gat and Hūtgat-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 702 in 123 families.
 Muru is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2890 people living in 505 individual households.
 Darıçayalanı is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Dadince is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 195 people.
 Auraha is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3647 people living in 596 individual households.
 Gisheh (Persian: گيشه‎ also Romanized as Gīsheh) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Jabłonów [jaˈbwɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Chocianów 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Polkowice and 89 kilometres (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Gura Bîcului is a commune and village in the Anenii Noi district of the Republic of Moldova. Gura Bîcului Bridge on the Dniester was blown up on May 5 1992 during the war. It was later rebuilt by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe using European Union funds.
 Gardaneh-ye Ashtar (Persian: گردنه اشتر‎ also Romanized as Gardaneh-ye Āshtar) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mianeh (Persian: ميانه‎ also Romanized as Mīāneh; also known as Mīāneh Bakhs) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 13 families.
 Abéné (also called Abene Abémé or Abeme) is a village in the rural community of Kafountine Diouloulou Bignona Ziguinchor Casamance Senegal. It is located near the Atlantic coast.
 Hattarwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Esmail Kola-ye Kuchek (Persian: اسماعيل كلاكوچك‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īl Kolā-ye Kūchek) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 122 families.
 Bratinac is a village in the municipality of Požarevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 629 people.
 Goševo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Amirabad-e Panjahopanj (Persian: اميراباد55‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Panjahopanj) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 19 families.
 Kuštilj (Serbian Cyrillic: Куштиљ Romanian: Coștei) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Vršac municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Romanian ethnic majority(95.16%) and its population numbering 664 people (2011 census).
 Akaparambu or Akapparambu is a village in the Ernakulam district of Kerala India near the Cochin International Airport and south of the town of Angamaly. The people are mostly Saint Thomas Christians but there are many Hindus and other religions who all live together in peace and mutual respect. Recent thuggish attacks on two of the Christian churches by mentally challenged outsiders are being dealt with seriously by the authorities.
 Chalak (Persian: چلك‎) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 107 families.
 Phú Thành is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Phú Tân District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Vandarbon (Persian: ونداربن‎ also Romanized as Vandārbon) is a village in Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5 in 5 families.
 Bieganowo [bjɛɡaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 25 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tazeh Kand-e Gol Chavan (Persian: تازه كندگل چوان‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Gol Chavān; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Chelān) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 18 families.
 Ucassaim is a village in Bardez Goa.
 Żodyń [ˈʐɔdɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wolsztyn and 71 km (44 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Awaradi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Ziruki (Persian: زيروكي‎ also Romanized as Zīrūkī) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 14 families.
 Oszczów-Kolonia [ˈɔʂt͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dołhobyczów 33 km (21 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 130 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 30.
 Krvojevići (Serbian: Крвојевићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Badamestan-e Aqajun (Persian: بادامستان اقاجون‎ also Romanized as Bādāmestān-e Āqājūn; also known as Bādāmestān) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 15 families.
 Krasna [ˈkrasna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Huszlew 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Łosice and 129 km (80 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dingeleh Kahriz (Persian: دينگله كهريز‎ also Romanized as Dīngeleh Kahrīz and Dīngleh Kahrīz; also known as Dengeleh Kahrīz) is a village in Sangestan Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 121 families.
 Otovice (Náchod District) is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located near the border with Poland.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 24 families.
 Batowo [baˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lipiany 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Pyrzyce and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. During the Thirty Years' War Batowo was so badly destroyed that during the restoration it was moved to another place.
 Alfonsowo [alfɔnˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Grójec and 49 km (30 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 40.
 Oczkowice [ɔt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Miejska Górka 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Rawicz and 81 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Naik (Persian: نئك‎ also Romanized as Na’ik) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Central District of Mirjaveh County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Ketf-e Zeytun (Persian: كفت زيتون‎ also Romanized as Ketf-e Zeytūn) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 9 families.
 Utskarpen is a village in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway about 37 kilometres (23 mi) west of the town of Mo i Rana. The village is located at the end of the Utskarpen fjord an arm of the main Ranfjorden. On the western side of Utskarpen is the intersection with Norwegian County Road 17 and Norwegian County Road 12. The neighboring villages are Mæla to the north and Myklebustad to the west.Utskarpen has a kindergarten a primary and secondary school and a nursing home.
 Barty [ˈbartɨ] (German Barten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Qarah Cheshmeh (Persian: قره چشمه‎ also Romanized as Qareh Cheshmeh) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2756 in 622 families.
 Wielebnów [vjɛˈlɛbnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Łopuszno and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 398.
 Kumane is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradište Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 431 people.
 Sedelets is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Jamiołki-Piotrowięta [jaˈmjɔu̯ki pjɔtrɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Sokoły 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Cotahuasi is a town in Southern Peru capital of the province La Unión in the region Arequipa.
 Onbinhin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Podalakur or Podhalakur is a town and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Thill also known as Thill Sharif or Thil is a village in Jhelum District Punjab Pakistan. It is located at 32°42'0N' 73°20'0E with an altitude of 279 metres (918 feet). It is situated between the Jhelum River and Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil. Thill is located near the mountain range where the Khewra Salt Mines are located.
 Mahtra is a village in Juuru Parish Rapla County Estonia. It has a population of 92 (as of 1 January 2010).In 1858 a peasant insurgency called the Mahtra War took place at the Mahtra Manor.
 Siah Kesh (Persian: سياه كش‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kesh) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 47 families.
 Skwierzynka [skfjɛˈʐɨnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sianów 6 km (4 mi) north of Koszalin and 140 km (87 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 İlxıçılar (Armenian: Իլխըչըլար also Ilkhychylar and Yikhchilar) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Darreh Marun (Persian: دره مارون‎ also Romanized as Darreh Mārūn) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 40 families.
 Chhinamukh is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3375 persons living in 639 individual households.
 Chinnapallinayanpalayam is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Hubbell is a village in Thayer County Nebraska United States. The population was 68 at the 2010 census.
 Sarahsville is a village in Noble County Ohio United States. The population was 166 at the 2010 census.
 Wszołów [ˈfʂɔwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Gołuchów 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Pleszew and 90 km (56 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Golemki [ɡɔˈlɛmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Czarna 11 km (7 mi) west of Dębica and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kadapra is a village in Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala India.
 Khorasanlu (Persian: خراسانلو‎ also Romanized as Khorāsānlū; also known as Khurasanlu) is a village in Sain Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 139 families.
 Petrino (Macedonian: Петрино) is a village in the northern part of the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. The village is 5.6 kilometres (3.5 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen. The village is deserted.
 Krstače (Serbian: Крстаче) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Swędrówka [sfɛnˈdrufka] (German: Zandersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Bisztynek 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Bartoszyce and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 20.
 Saladillo is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Jerzmanowa [jɛʐmaˈnɔva] (German: Hermsdorf) is a village in Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Jerzmanowa. Before 1945 it was part of Germany (the Prussian Province of Silesia).The village has an approximate population of 600. It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) south of Głogów and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The municipality consists of 12 villages.
 Bagh-e Bakhshi (Persian: باغ بخشي‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bakhshī) is a village in Zozan Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1391 in 288 families.
 Madhawapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4095 people living in 762 individual households.
 Razakeh (Persian: رزكه‎; also known as Razageh) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1511 in 375 families.
 Harileh (Persian: هريله‎ also Romanized as Harīleh) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 17 families.
 Cerekiew [t͡sɛˈrɛkʲɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Zakrzew 8 km (5 mi) west of Radom and 89 km (55 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Medveđa is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2694 people.
 Molk-e Mian (Persian: ملكميان‎ also Romanized as Molk-e Mīān Malek Mīān and Molk Meyan) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 677 in 192 families.
 Rychłocice [rɨxwɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Konopnica 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 780.
 Dubrava (Serbian: Дубрава) is a village situated in Knić municipality in Serbia.
 Salmanlı Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Arpar is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Leopoldów [lɛɔˈpɔlduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Łęczna and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Grapska Donja (Cyrillic: Грапска Доња) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khaveh (Persian: خاوه‎ also Romanized as Khāveh and Khāweh) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1088 in 279 families.
 Bagh-e Zaima (Persian: باغ زعيما‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Za‘īmā) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 17 families.
 Watawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dokuzoğul is a village in the central (Artvin) district of Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 83 people.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād; also known as Shams Abad Nogh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 661 in 171 families.
 İbrişim is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 37°00′N 34°49′E it is situated on the lower slopes of the Toros Mountains . Its distance to Tarsus is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi). The population of İbrişim is 567 as of 2011. The main economic sector of the village is viticulture. Olives and various fruits are also produced.
 Manj-e Baraftab (Persian: منج برافتاب‎ also Romanized as Manj-e Barāftāb Monj-e Barāftāb and Monj-e Barr Āftāb) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 495 in 96 families.
 Wielka Wieś [ˈvjɛlka ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wielka Wieś. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1063.
 Kościelec [kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Korzeniew 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 600.
 Sheykh Ebrahim Bazar Arab Zehi (Persian: شيخ ابراهيم بازارعربزهي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ebrāhīm Bāzār ʿArab Zehī; also known as Sheykh Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 29 families.
 Cham Tineh (Persian: چم تينه‎ also Romanized as Cham Tīneh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bayazeh (Persian: بياضه‎ also Romanized as Bayāẕeh Bayāzeh and Baiāzeh; also known as Bayāzīyeh and Bīabānāk) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 103 families.
 Baszkówka [baʂˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.On August 25 1994 the village witnessed the fall of a stony meteorite.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj; also known as Kahnūj-e Bālā) is a village in Fareghan Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 40 families.
 Zielątkowo [ʑelɔntˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Drezdenko 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 30 km (19 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kannugudi East is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sutu (Persian: سوتو‎ also Romanized as Sūtū) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 34 families.
 Kunak (Persian: کونک‎ also Romanized as Kūnak) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Svémyslice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Przecławka [pʂɛt͡sˈwafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Michałów 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Aşağıçaylı is a village in the District of Yenipazar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 45 people.
 Fjellsrud is a village in the municipality of Fet Norway. Its population (2005) is 438.
 Tak-e Banestan (Persian: تك بنستان‎ also Romanized as Tak-e Banestān; also known as Tak Nabestūn and Tak Banestū) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karolów [kaˈrɔluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Shekarabad (Persian: شكراباد‎ also Romanized as Shekarābād and Shokrābād) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 36 families.
 Namdun (Persian: نمدون‎ also Romanized as Namdūn) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Zagaje [zaˈɡajɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyn within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Qarajalu (Persian: قراجلو‎ also Romanized as Qarājalū; also known as Qarah Jahlū) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 17 families.
 Kulau is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3376 and had 378 houses in the town.
 Kazemabad (Persian: كاظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 117 families.
 Barrio Anglo is a village in the Río Negro Department of Uruguay.
 Uzunlar Sultanhisar is a village in the District of Sultanhisar Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 573 people.
 Kobiernice [kɔbjɛrˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Porąbka within Bielsko County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Porąbka 11 km (7 mi) east of Bielsko-Biała and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 3345.
 Kapıkaya is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Burdajny [burˈdai̯nɨ] (German: Bordehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) east of Elbląg and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Dąbrowa-Nowa Wieś [dɔmˈbrɔva ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘īdābād; also known as Nāderābād) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Avanavancherry is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Tahereh Khatun (Persian: طاهره خاتون‎ also Romanized as Ţāhereh Khātūn; also known as Tafrakaman) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 105 families.
 Nowy Dwór Królewski [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur kruˈlɛfski] German: Königlich Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. The built areas of the village take up 3.37 square km.Village has area 337 ha. On her land at 32 hauseholds indyviduals which the biggest has to Roman Szulz's. In village in found palace build round about 1875 years. In 1900 years village is property Zuzanna Witte.
 Czernina Dolna [t͡ʂɛrˈnina ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Góra and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sarab-e Mileh Sar (Persian: سراب ميله سر‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Mīleh Sar) is a village in Homeyl Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 93 families.
 Ilazgi (Persian: ايلزگي‎ also Romanized as Īlazgī) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Boratyńszczyzna [bɔratɨɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Szudziałowo 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Sokółka and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 55.
 Ostrowite [ɔstrɔˈvitɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Rypin and 45 km (28 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 1300.
 Shekarabad (Persian: شکرآباد‎ also Romanized as Shekarābād and Shakarābād) is a village in Dorud Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 26 families.
 Naderabad (Persian: نادراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāderābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 19 families.
 Khajan-e Chahar Dang (Persian: خاجان چهاردانگ‎ also Romanized as Khājān-e Chahār Dāng) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 553 in 143 families.
 Vanaküla is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Bhaudaha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4743 people living in 876 individual households.It is situated to the northeast of Biratnagar town. There are no major trade centres in the VDC as it lies off the main road although it is close to the major market centres of Jhorahat to the west and Naya Bazaar to the south.
 Kuy-e Shahid Beheshti (Persian: كوي شهيدبهشتي‎ also Romanized as Kūy-e Shahīd Beheshtī; also known as Rūstā-ye Shahīd Beheshtī) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 39 families.
 Moalleman (Persian: معلمان‎ also Romanized as Mo‘allemān Maluman and Mu‘allaman) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 51 families.
 Imanan is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Zapole [zaˈpɔlɛ] is the part of Radwanków Szlachecki village Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sobienie-Jeziory 19 km (12 mi) south of Otwock and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Magierów [maˈɡʲɛruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Solec-Zdrój 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Orguz is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Behpesa Bagh (Persian: بهپس باغ‎ also Romanized as Behpesa Bāgh; also known as Behpasī Bāgh Behpesī Bāgh and Pay-ye Pas Bāgh) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 47 families.
 Schingen (West Frisian: Skingen) is a small village in Menaldumadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 115 citizens (2009).
 Święck-Strumiany [ˈɕfjɛnt͡sk struˈmjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Czyżew-Osada 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Čelebići (Cyrillic: Челебићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Višňová (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Baghleq (Persian: باغلق‎ also Romanized as Bāghleq Bāqlaq and Bāqleq) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1924 in 403 families.
 Tjalhuizum (West Frisian: Tsjalhuzum) is a small village in Wymbritseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 30 citizens (2004).
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biała Rawska 23 km (14 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Majerje is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Baba Abbas Sanitorium (Persian: خانه هاي سازماني باباعباس‎) is a village and sanitorium in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 38 families.
 Hessdalen is a village and a 15-kilometre (9.3 mi) long valley in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located approximately 120 kilometres (75 mi) south of the city of Trondheim approximately 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Røros mining town and about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) southwest of Ålen/Renbygda. About 150 people live in the valley.In the central part of the valley is a village area also called Hessdalen. It is where Hessdalen Church is located.
 Dalton is a village in Chariton County Missouri United States. The population was 17 at the 2010 census.
 Ardineh (Persian: اردينه‎ also Romanized as Ārdīneh) is a village in Abali Rural District Rudehen District Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 53 families.
 Zakrzówek [zaˈkʂuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 106 km (66 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 290 people.
 Kamierowskie Piece [kamjɛˈrɔfskʲɛ ˈpjɛt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Skarszewy 17 km (11 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 281.
 Očevlje (Serbian: Очевље) is a village in the municipality of Breza Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Balkhab  also known as Tarkhoj is a village and district capital of Balkhab District in Sar-e Pol Province in northern Afghanistan.
 Bahumaing is a small village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located in a heavily forested isolated part of the country. The nearest settlement is Ainda to the south.
 Czerwona Górka [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔna ˈɡurka] (German: Rothgörken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Malak Izvor is a village in Stambolovo Municipality in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Karumathra is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Jabłonowo-Dyby [jabwɔˈnɔvɔ ˈdɨbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Janowiec Kościelny 13 km (8 mi) south of Nidzica and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Sara (Persian: سرا‎ also Romanized as Sarā) is a village in Sara Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 816 in 173 families.
 Poddymin [pɔdˈdɨmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of Police and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Palaiometocho (also referred to as Paliometocho) is a village found on the island of Cyprus. Its name is derived from the Greek Palaio (old) and Metochio (inn). Its name was given to it because it used to be a rest stop used by pilgrims who visited the Kykkos Monastery. In the December 17 2006 council and municipal Elections Christakis Tomazos was elected as Mayor of Paliometocho.
 Pitunugama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ziaratgah-e Soltan Hamid (Persian: زيارت سلطان حميد‎ also Romanized as Zīāratgāh-e Solţān Ḩamīd; also kown as Manţaqeh-ye Maz̄habī-ye Solţān Seyyed Ḩamīd Zīāratgāh-e Seyyed Solţān Ḩamīd and Zīāratgāh-e Solţān ’amīd) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District Lalehzar District Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zakariai (Persian: ذكريايي‎ also Romanized as Zakarīā’ī Zakarīyā’ī and Z̄akaryā’ī; also known as Zakarriya and Z̄akaryā’) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 126 families.
 Zoonamchunduru is a village in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. It is located(under Chowdavaram County) in Guntur Rural Mandal & District and has the population of around 800 according to the Census 2011. Zoonamchunduru is situated on the national highway NH 5 connecting Guntur and Ongole and about 280 kilometres (174 mi) north west of state capital Hyderabad. Zoonamchunduru has a rich cultural and also has a quite political history.
 Bhawanipur is near Areraj in the Indian state of Bihar. Bhawanipur is situated at the Bank of River Budhi-Gandak which falls in Ganga Patna.It is a small village with a population of approx 20000.Bhawanipur is situated at a distance of about 40 km from Motihari the district headquarters of East Champaran district. The National Highway NH 28 provides the closest route to Motihari. Bhawanipur falls under the jurisdiction of Sangrampur Police Station.
 Nowy Majdan [ˈnɔvɨ ˈmai̯dan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsłwice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Księżpol 9 km (6 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 593.
 Tulid Qarch (Persian: توليد قارچ‎ also Romanized as Tūlīd Qārch) is a village in Murmuri Rural District Kalat District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Papratno (Cyrillic: Папратно) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kalt-e Sofla (Persian: كلتسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kalt-e Soflá; also known as Kalt-e Pā'īn) is a village in Qatur Rural District Qatur District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 485 in 87 families.
 Baba Kamal (Persian: باباكمال‎ also Romanized as Bābā Kamāl; also known as Bābā Kamāl-e Soflá) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 63 families.
 Bok (Persian: بك‎; also known as Bog) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 27 families.
 Kamiliyeh (Persian: كميليه‎ also Romanized as Kamīlīyeh) is a village in Katra Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 90 families.
 Charchareh (Persian: چرچره‎) is a village in Hangam Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Indin is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Eyvandar (Persian: ايوان در‎ also Romanized as Eyvāndar; also known as Eyvān Darreh) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 17 families.References
 Seh Chah (Persian: سه چاه‎ also Romanized as Seh Chāh) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sepidareh (Persian: سپيداره‎ also Romanized as Sepīdāreh) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 19 families.
 Góra [ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Niemodlin and 25 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kijev Do (Cyrillic: Кијев До) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kolunić is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khvorheh (Persian: خورهه‎ also Romanized as Khorbeh Khowrheh Khūrheh Khurreh and Khvoreh) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 54 families.
 Balkan is a village in Stambolovo Municipality in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Estalakh Jan (Persian: اسطلخ جان‎ also Romanized as Esţalakh Jān and Esţalkh Jān) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 834 in 219 families.
 Tả Sìn Thàng is a commune (xã) and village of the Tủa Chùa District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Kuźnik [ˈkuʑnik] (formerly German Kupfermühle) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Międzyrzecz 44 km (27 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 54 km (34 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 42.
 Długie [ˈdwuɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Kalinowo 20 km (12 mi) east of Ełk and 142 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Miszewo Murowane [miˈʂɛvɔ murɔˈvanɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bodzanów 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Płock and 79 km (49 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Sunny Corner is a small village in the central west of New South Wales Australia and former mining area located between Lithgow and Bathurst just north of the Great Western Highway (Route 32).
 Kifteh Giveh Sin (Persian: كيفته گيوه سين‎ also Romanized as Kīfteh Gīveh Sīn; also known as Kīfteh Gīv Sīn) is a village in Padena-ye Vosta Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1396 in 281 families.
 Oględa [ɔˈɡlɛnda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Przasnysz and 97 km (60 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kania [ˈkaɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ostrowite 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Słupca and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Beers (Brabants: Bèèrs) is a village in the Dutch municipality of Cuijk. It is located about 4 km west of Cuijk. Beers has a population of about 1721: 1305 in the village itself and 416 in the surrounding countryside including the hamlets De Plaats and Dommelsvoort.Until 1994 Beers was a separate municipality.
 Zaviyeh (Persian: زاويه‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh) is a village in Dizajrud-e Sharqi Rural District Qaleh Chay District Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 68 families.
 Kbel (Kolín District) is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mohammadabad Khvajeh (Persian: محمدابادخواجه‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād Khvājeh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Akarlar is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kadawatgama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pośrednik [pɔˈɕrɛdnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 124 km (77 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Moghiran (Persian: مغيران‎ also Romanized as Moghīrān) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 509 in 108 families.
 Talkhuri (Persian: تلخوري‎ also Romanized as Talkhūrī) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Balkumari is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8790 with 1349 houses.
 Zivan (Persian: زيوان‎ also Romanized as Zīvān) is a village in Koleyn Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 693 in 171 families.
 Kallikkad is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the southern Indian state of Kerala. The village is one of the 11 census villages in the Neyyattinkara taluka of Thiruvananthapuram district.As per the 2001 Census of India Kallikkad has a population of 9515. Males number 4705 and females number 4810. Neyyar dam is situated in this panchayath. there are so meny Kani settlements in this panchayath. vlavetti is one of them.
 Khalaf (Persian: خلف‎) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 105 families.
 Nikojevići (Serbian Cyrillic: Никојевићи) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 416.
 Wola Kiedrzyńska [ˈvɔla kʲɛˈdʐɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Częstochowa and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 324.
 Krakówki-Włodki [kraˈkufki ˈvwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Grodzisk 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 20.
 Righa is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3728 and had 680 houses in the town.
 Bagh-e Nil (Persian: باغ نيل‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Nīl; also known as Baganīl) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 54 families.
 Sardarmehr (Persian: سردرمهر‎) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 11 families.
 Mdjankagnoi is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 618.
 Jastrzębna Pierwsza [jasˈtʂɛmbna ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Sztabin 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Augustów and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 310.
 Borj-e Seyfollah (Persian: برج سيف اله‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Seyfollāh) is a village in Meshkan Rural District Poshtkuh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Wrzeście [ˈvʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ] (German Freist) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 101 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 405.
 Pieńki-Strzyże [ˈpjɛɲki ˈstʂɨʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kretkowo [krɛtˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Lubień Kujawski 34 km (21 mi) south of Włocławek and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.
 West Haverstraw is a village in the town of Haverstraw Rockland County New York United States. It is located northwest of Haverstraw village east of Thiells south of the hamlet of Stony Point and west of the Hudson River. The population was 10165 at the 2010 census. The majority of the hamlet of Garnerville is contained in the village of West Haverstraw.
 Hejrat (Persian: هجرت‎) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 814 in 184 families.
 Suurküla is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Yaprakbayırı is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kalleli is a small village about 10 kilometres away from Konni (India) in Pathanamthitta district Kerala India. It is situated on the banks of river Achankovil
 Boguszyczki [bɔɡuˈʂɨt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Wierzbinek 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Konin and 110 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 150.
 Nowinki [nɔˈvinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Jadwinów [jadˈvinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Policzna 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Zwoleń and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Tarman (Persian: ترمان‎ also Romanized as Tarmān Termān and Tormān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 616 in 127 families.
 Sadhoke (Urdu Punjabi: سادھوکے) is a village of Gujranwala District located in Punjab Pakistan.
 Hasan Nuran (Persian: حسن نوران‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Nūrān; also known as Ḩasanlī Ḩasanlū Hasan Tūrān and Khassan) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 614 in 131 families.
 Mamatlar is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 115 people.
 Junjanbail is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Skorupy [skɔˈrupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbiel within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kołbiel 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Otwock and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Janiszów [jaˈniʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Trzebnica and 32 kilometres (20 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Konthagai is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Chala Sar (Persian: چلاسر‎ also Romanized as Chalā Sar and Chalāsar) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 176 families.
 Hoseynaki (Persian: حسينكي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynakī; also known as Husainaki) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bushehr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 504 in 116 families.
 Dworki [ˈdvɔrki] (German: Vierhöfe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Nowa Ruda 26 kilometres (16 mi) north-west of Kłodzko and 72 kilometres (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Strzyżewo Kościelne [stʂɨˈʐɛvɔ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gniezno and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Stokowisko [stɔkɔˈviskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Masa is a village in Pihtla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Karadede is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 133 people.
 Dudaran (Persian: دودران‎ also Romanized as Dūdarān) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Taherabad-e Torkha (Persian: طاهرابادتركها‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād-e Torkhā; also known as Ţāherābād-e Tork Ţāherābād and Tirva) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 32 families.
 Mustla-Nõmme is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Darreh-ye Barik (Persian: دره باريك‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Bārīḵ) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 16 families.
 Vysočany is a village in the commune of Hrušovany Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
 Aanakkulam is a tourist place in Idukki district of Kerala state India. Aanakkulam is in Mankulam Village about 40 km away from Adimali. Aanakkulam means Pond of Elephants in local malayalam language.Elephants comes to this particular place for drinking water as the water here has some kind of tastes which attracts them. Although there are many such water outlets throughout in that area elephants come only to this place.
 Deh-e Salman (Persian: ده سلمان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Salmān; also known as Salmān) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 11 families.
 Not to be confused with the town La Paloma of Rocha DepartmentLa Paloma is a village in the Durazno Department of central Uruguay.
 Sar Giz (Persian: سرگيز‎ also Romanized as Sar Gīz; also known as Sar Gīs Sarkīs and Sarkīz) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 75 families.
 Homeyran (Persian: حميران‎ also Romanized as Ḩomeyrān; also known as ’ameyrān ’amīrān ’amīrān-e Gāvbandī Hamiran Gavbandi Hamīru and ’omeyrān) is a village in Buchir Rural District in the Central District of Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 814 in 169 families.
 Obot Okon Ita or Obinkita was the capital of the Ibibio kingdom of Obong Okon Ita before its conquest by Igbo and Akpa invaders in 1690–1720. This town is significant in Aro History because Obinkita became the center where defeated Ibibio warriors were judged. This is why all Aro villages assemble at Obinkita during the Ikeji festival. Obinkita is now one of the 19 villages of Arochukwu.
 Khirbat al-Muntar was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War by Palmach's First Battalion and 'Oded Brigade of Operation Yiftach after resistance by the Syrian Army. It was located 8.5 km east of Safad.In the 19th century Turkish and Kurdish nomads occupied the village.
 Bielino [bjɛˈlinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rząśnik 21 km (13 mi) north of Wyszków and 66 km (41 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kanpur Kalapani is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4144 in 710 individual households.
 Ludwikowo [ludviˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 130.
 Banabad (Persian: بناباد‎ also Romanized as Banābād; also known as Banaveh and Banāābād) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 117 families.
 Kireçocağı is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Güçüş is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°39′N 34°12′E it is situated in the forests of Toros Mountains to the east of Alata creek canyon. Distance to Erdemli is 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) and to Mersin is 50 kilometres (31 mi). The population of Çiriş was 267 as of 2011. The village is a Turkmen village. It was named after the phrase Güç iş meaning Hard work referring to the hardships encountered during the foundation of the village.
 Deh Now-e Nowdezh (Persian: دهنه نودژ‎; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Nowdezh Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 66 families.
 Bileńska Kolonia [biˈlɛɲska kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Wiktorów [vikˈtɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Radzymin 8 km (5 mi) north of Wołomin and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 130.
 Donja Bukovica is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ravajir (Persian: رواجير‎ also Romanized as Ravājīr) is a village in Lakan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 28 families.
 Yeniçağlar is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 1692 people.
 Biernaty Średnie [bjɛrˈnatɨ ˈɕrɛdɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Łosice and 114 km (71 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Naisar (Persian: نايي سر‎ also Romanized as Nā’ī Sar and Na yi Sār; also known as Nāysar and Neysār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12480 in 3121 families.
 Straszów [ˈstraʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przewóz within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Żary and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bąkowa [bɔnˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Lipsko and 116 km (72 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Konstancin-Jeziorna 12 km (7 mi) east of Piaseczno and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Sar Galan (Persian: سرگلان‎ also Romanized as Sar Galān; also known as Sarkalūn) is a village in Soleyman Rural District Soleyman District Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 108 families.
 Sarıdibek is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Lubczyno [lupˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogdaniec within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Bogdaniec and 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 340.
 Bostanabad (Persian: بستان اباد‎ also Romanized as Bostānābād; also known as Būstānābād) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 31 families.
 Sucha Rzeczka [ˈsuxa ˈʐɛt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Płaska 18 km (11 mi) east of Augustów and 87 km (54 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Palanglu (Persian: پلنگلو‎ also Romanized as Palanglū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Par-e Shushtari (Persian: پرشوشتري‎ also Romanized as Par-e Shūshtarī) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Jaroszówka [jarɔˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Bedlno 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Kutno and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Owczary [ɔfˈt͡ʂarɨ] (formerly German Oetscher) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Górzyca 14 km (9 mi) north of Słubice and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 130.
 Dardavey (Persian: دردوي‎) is a village in Pain Khvaf Rural District Sangan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 10 families. It lies near the border with Afghanistan between Sangan and Taybad. The 1997 Qayen earthquake affected this part of Iran.
 Qezel Qaleh (Persian: قزل قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qezel Qal‘eh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 103 families.
 Sianab-e Parab (Persian: سياناب پرآب‎ also Romanized as Sīānāb-e Pārāb; also known as Seteh and Sūteh) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 44 families.
 Pełczyska [pɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ozorków 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gahuiyeh (Persian: گهوييه‎ also Romanized as Gahū’īyeh; also known as Gahu and Kahū’īyeh) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 19 families.
 Święta Anna [ˈɕfjɛnta ˈanna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Zielona within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Zielona 29 km (18 mi) east of Częstochowa and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 175.
 Bunabad (Persian: بون اباد‎ also Romanized as Būnābād; also known as Bonābād) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District Eresk District Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kannathangudi East is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Pettai is a panchayat village and revenue village in Pondicherry Union Territory India. Administratively Pettai is under the Thirunallar Taluk (formerly Thirunallar Commune Panchayat) of Karaikal District Pondicherry Union Territory. Pettai is situated on the banks of the Arasalar River to the west of Karaikal town and south of Thirunallar.In the 2011 census 3208 people were recorded as living in Pettai village.
 Dastjerd (Persian: دستجرد‎ also Romanized as Dastgerd and Dast-i-Gird) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 409 in 153 families.
 Dowlatkhaneh (Persian: دولت خانه‎ also Romanized as Dowlatkhāneh Dowlat Khāneh and Daulat Khāneh) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District Bajgiran District Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 237 in 59 families.
 Piasek [ˈpjasɛk] (German: Sand) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Górowo Iławeckie 13 km (8 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tolombeh-ye Afshar (Persian: تلمبه افشار‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Afshār) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahrsanati-ye Takestan (Persian: شهرصنعتي تاكستان‎ also Romanized as Shahrṣanʿatī-ye Tāḵestān) is a village in Narjeh Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 12 families.
 Qezel Dagh (Persian: قزل داغ‎ also Romanized as Qezel Dāgh; also known as Qezel Dāghī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 43 families.
 Addada is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppa taluk of Chikkamagaluru district in Karnataka.
 Trzcianka [ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Brańszczyk 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Wyszków and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1200.
 Doğrular Posof is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Avdan is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Lyckeåborg is a village in Karlskrona Municipality Blekinge County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 62 people.
 Gusti Grab is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Parvizak (Persian: پرويزك‎ also Romanized as Parvīzak) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 20 families.
 Gwizd [ɡvist] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustronie Morskie within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ustronie Morskie 15 km (9 mi) east of Kołobrzeg and 118 km (73 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bishunpurwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Garbów [ˈɡarbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Tuszyn and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] (German: Dombrowken (1929-45:Eichendorf)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Orzysz 28 km (17 mi) north of Pisz and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has an approximate population of 380.
 Kayışlı is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Vattakkalvalasu is a village in Kilambadi town panchayat in Erode district Tamil Nadu India. The town panchayat office is located in Vattakkalvalasu. The majority of people in the village belong to the Kongu Vellalar community. The major clans of the community in the village are Porulthanthakulam Kannan Kulam and few Pannai Kulam.The village is located 25 kilometers from Erode 15 kilometers from Kodumudi and 42 kilometers from Karur.
 Gettiyawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Strzepcz [stʂɛpt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Linia 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.Here is the Kashubian Secondary School.The village has a population of 766.
 Adlapura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tumkur taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Grabina [ɡraˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Klimontów 21 km (13 mi) west of Sandomierz and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Orzechów [ɔˈʐɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kobiele Wielkie 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Damri is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Rashidabad (Persian: رشيد آباد‎ also Romanized as Rashīdābād; also known as Rashīdābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 78 families.
 Muraz-e Gholam (Persian: مورازغلام‎ also Romanized as Mūrāz-e Gholām) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jamy [ˈjamɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Lubelski within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Zloćudovo is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 271 people.
 Romanowo [rɔmaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Rogożek [rɔˈɡɔʐɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Głowaczów 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 68 km (42 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Dambagahamuduna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bobin [ˈbɔbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Drochówka [drɔˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Basfar (Persian: باسفر‎ also Romanized as Bāsfar Ba Safar and Bāsfor; also known as Bāsfowr Naşrābād) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3553 in 872 families.
 Kesikkavak is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kondramutla is a village in Ipur Mandal Guntur District Andhra Pradesh India. Part of the Vinukonda assembly constituency and the Narasarao Pet parliamentary constituency it is located 85 kilometres (53 mi) southwest of Guntur and is on the state highway connecting Vinukonda the nearest town and Hyderabad.
 Dęby Szlacheckie [ˈdɛmbɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Osiek Mały 12 km (7 mi) north of Koło and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 730.
 Mayville is a village in Tuscola County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 950 at the 2010 census. The village is within Fremont Township along the boundary with Dayton Township.
 Ashwaubenon /æʃˈwɔːbɨnɒn/ is a village in Brown County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 16963 at the 2010 census. A suburb of Green Bay Wisconsin Ashwaubenon is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area. Part of the Oneida Nation of Wisconsin is in Ashwaubenon.
 Deh-e Bagh (Persian: ده باغ‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bāgh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Inowłódz [iˈnɔvwut͡s] is a village in Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Inowłódz. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 795.
 Bidan (Persian: بيدان‎ also Romanized as Bīdān) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 24 families.
 Banakatti is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3809 and had 675 houses in the town.
 Jezioro [jɛˈʑɔrɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Siemień 9 km (6 mi) west of Parczew and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 29 families.
 Vali Beyglu (Persian: ولي بيگلو‎ also Romanized as Valī Beyglū; also known as Valī Beyklū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 43 families.
 Turowo [tuˈrɔvɔ] (German: Turowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Pisz and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 300.
 Ponor is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 144 people.
 Razmilu (Persian: رزميلو‎ also Romanized as Razmīlū) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 19 families.
 Jamielnik [jaˈmjɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lidzbark 26 km (16 mi) west of Działdowo and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has an approximate population of 400.
 Nizhniy Gyaduk is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Hanjirak (Persian: هنجيرك‎ also Romanized as Hanjīrak) is a village in Abreis Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shiradi is a village on NH 48 which runs from Mangalore to Bangalore. The shiridi ghat starts from small temple garadi chamundashwari temple near Gundya at the border of Dakshina kannada and Hassan districts. The village is situated in Puttur taluk of Dakshina Kannada district.
 Jabłonica [jabwɔˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Wieniawa 13 km (8 mi) east of Przysucha and 97 km (60 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh-ye Hajji Ali Baba (Persian: مزرعه حاجي علي بابا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājjī ‘Alī Bābā) is a village in Garizat Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 10 families.
 Qaleh-ye Sheykh (Persian: قلعه شيخ‎ also Romanized as Qal`eh-ye Sheykh and Qal‘eh Shaikh) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 36 families.
 Zagajów [zaˈɡajuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Solec-Zdrój 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Stradomia Wierzchnia [straˈdɔmʲa ˈvʲɛʂxɲa] (German: Ober Stradam) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany (former Groß Wartenberg County Niederschlesien).
 Wielki Sosnowiec [ˈvjɛlki sɔsˈnɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Shahrak-e Bakhtiar Dasht (Persian: شهرك بختياردشت‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Bakhtīār Dasht) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 90 families.
 Kharapa (Persian: خراپا‎ also Romanized as Kharāpā; also known as Kharabeh and Kharābeh) is a village in Lahijan Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 42 families.
 Bommaghatta is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sandur taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka. The place is popular for its Hindu temple which hosts the deity Hanuman as Hulikunteraya. Annually the rathaostava (chariot fest) is held and millions of worshippers and tourists from all over India and particularly from the south gather there to see it.
 Klonów [ˈklɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Łączna 20 km (12 mi) south of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 16 km (10 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 270.
 Marana is a village in Saarde Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Sadabad (Persian: سعداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dābād) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 31 families.
 Papowo Toruńskie [paˈpɔvɔ tɔˈruɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 km (4 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 1100.
 Grabie [ˈɡrabʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 21 km (13 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 241.
 Stara Wieś [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Mircze 25 km (16 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 116 km (72 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nasrabad Seyyed Hatam (Persian: نصراباد سيدحاتم‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād Seyyed Ḩātam; also known as Naşrābād Seyyed) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 41 families.
 Makaniyeh-ye Salahaviyeh (Persian: مكنيه صلاحاويه‎ also Romanized as Makanīyeh-ye Salāḥāvīyeh) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 769 in 100 families.
 Barmacheh-ye Bala Mahal (Persian: برمچه بالا محل‎ also Romanized as Barmacheh-ye Bālā Maḩal; also known as Barmache Barmacheh and Barmacheh-ye Bālā Maḩalleh) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 113 families.
 Sigła [ˈɕiɡwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Aleksandrów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 92 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 15.
 Dash Bolagh (Persian: داش بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Myszkowice [mɨʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Platerów 8 km (5 mi) north of Łosice and 119 km (74 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Gostuša is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 139 people.
 Pir Marzban (Persian: پيرمرزبان‎ also Romanized as Pīr Marzbān; also known as Pīrmazabān and Pīr Mehzābān) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 174 families.
 Nowawieś Chełmińska [nɔˈvavjɛɕ xɛu̯ˈmiɲska] (German: Kulmisch Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Chełmno 38 km (24 mi) north of Toruń and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 180.
 Levtsi (Bulgarian: Левци) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 200.247 kilometres (124.428 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 2.112 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 56 people.
 Palatik or Palatnik (Bulgarian: Палатик) is a village in the municipality of Belitsa in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is located approximately 86 kilometres from Sofia. As of 2007 it had a population of 286 people.
 Taşağıl is a village in the District of Bolvadin Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Moktha is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma. It is located close to the left bank of the Chindwin River.
 Mahala (Kalesija) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shokranlu (Persian: شكرانلو‎ also Romanized as Shokrānlū; also known as Shokrānlū-ye Bālā and Shokrānlū Bālā) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 19 families.
 Białobiel [bjaˈwɔbjɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Lelis 6 km (4 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 108 km (67 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 270.
 Rambukkoluwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Wichrowiec [viˈxrɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Wichrowitz Wychrowitz; 1938-45: Hardichhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Nidzica and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 360.
 Gollijeh-ye Olya (Persian: گليجه عليا‎ also Romanized as Gollījeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Golījeh Goljeh Gollījeh Gollījeh-ye Emām (Persian: گليجه امام) Gollūjeh Guludzhan and Gulūja) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 13 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Eslami (Persian: تلمبه اسلامي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Eslāmī) is a village in Baghin Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khara is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5122 people living in 903 individual households.
 Greben is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Schodnia [ˈsxɔdɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Ozimek and 19 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bayqut (Persian: بايقوت‎ also Romanized as Bāyqūt) is a village in Gavdul-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3414 in 792 families.
 Shadabad-e Sofla (Persian: شادابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Shādābād-e Soflá) is a village in Shizar Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 80 families.
 Gunnepana Madige is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Zhav Marg-e Olya (Persian: ژاومرگ عليا‎ also Romanized as Zhāv Marg-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 43 families.
 Urris (Irish: Iorras) is an area in the west of the parish of Clonmany in County Donegal Ireland. The area hosts the Urris Gaelic Athletic Association team for Gaelic football which has a pitch located just outside Urris in the Townland of Straid.
 Altınemek is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Obrów [ˈɔbruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kiełczygłów 15 km (9 mi) north of Pajęczno and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Toshkun (Persian: تشكون‎ also Romanized as Toshkūn; also known as Towshkūn) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 501 in 150 families.
 Ansi is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County on the island of Saaremaa Estonia.
 Bazarhathnoor (Telugu: బజార్‌హథ్నూర్‌) is a village and a Mandal in Adilabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Karwodrza [karˈvɔdʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Tuchów 14 km (9 mi) south of Tarnów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Waplewko [vaˈplɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Stary Targ 15 km (9 mi) east of Sztum and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Hoseynabad-e Sar Tavileh (Persian: حسين ابادسرطويله‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sar Ţavīleh and Ḩoseynābād Sar Ţavīleh ; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rudbal Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 55 families.
 Tang-e Faraj Shahriyur (Persian: تنگ فرج شهريور‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Faraj Shahrīyūr) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sheykh Kheyri (Persian: شيخ خيري‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Kheyrī) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Rashtabad (Persian: رشت اباد‎ also Romanized as Rashtābād and Reshtabad) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 23 families.
 Faydalı is a village in the District of İmamoğlu Adana Province Turkey.
 Jushan (Persian: جوشان‎ also Romanized as Jūshān and Jooshan) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 68 families.
 Selfors is a village in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. Selfors sits on the northern shore of the river Ranelva and it is a northeastern suburb of the town of Mo i Rana. The European route E06 highway passes through the village. Selfors has been inhabited since the Iron age.The local division of Helgeland Hospital in Rana is located on Selfors. There are also two daycare centres a primary school and school with secondary classes.
 Redliny [rɛˈdlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kamarzavan (Persian: كمرضوان‎ also Romanized as Kamarz̤avān) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 26 families.
 Ashville is a village in Pickaway County Ohio United States. The population was 4097 at the 2010 census.
 Qeshlaq-e Karanlu (Persian: قشلاق كرانلو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Karānlū; also known as Karānlū and Kārvānlū) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 40 households used Qeshlaq-e Karanlu as their winter quarters.
 Anija (German: Hanniecken) is a village in Anija Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 128 (as of 1 January 2010).Anija was first mentioned in 1241 as Hangægus village in the Danish Census Book.
 Jarochy [jaˈrɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kardowjin (Persian: كاردوجين‎ also Romanized as Kārdowjīn; also known as Kārd Chīn Kārdjīn Kārdwojīn Kordejeh and Kurdadzha) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 8 families.
 Wierzchowice [vjɛʂxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Krośnice 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Milicz and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wojcieszków [vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕeʂkuf] is a village in Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wojcieszków. It lies in historic Lesser Poland approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Łuków and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 1100 and used to be a town from 1540 to 1819.The village of Wojcieszkow was founded in 1437 by a local nobleman Klemens Bielinski.
 Mrkosovice (Cyrillic: Мркосовице) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sarab-e Kian (Persian: سرابكيان‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kīān and Sarāb-e Kayān; also known as Keyān-e ‘Olyā Khayūn Kīān-e Bālā Kīyān Bālā and Sagwān) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 4 families.
 Vatnestrøm is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Ganeswarpur is an Indian village. The village falls under the Gop block of Puri District. It was founded before 1500 AD by Puri Gajapati Prataprudra Dev.
 Damodarkati is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Ardin (Persian: اردين‎ also Romanized as Ardīn) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 97 families.
 Krzynowłoga Wielka [kʂɨnɔˈvwɔɡa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Chorzele 23 km (14 mi) north of Przasnysz and 112 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Thanh Hải is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Ngạn District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Stare Zambski [ˈstarɛ ˈzampski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Peyhan (Persian: پيهان‎ also Romanized as Peyhān and Pīhān; also known as Pāhīān Pahyān Paihān and Pey Mān) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 146 families.
 Virapapur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindhnur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Darreh Kharzaleh Deh Chel (Persian: دره خرزهله ده چل‎; also known as Darreh Kharzaleh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 13 families.
 Kalmalcheruvu is one of the largest villages in the GaridePalli mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It is located 8 km from the main road between Miryalaguda and Kodada.
 Qinarjeh-ye Sofla (Persian: قينرجه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qīnarjeh-ye Soflá; also known as Qanīzjeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 17 families.
 Khaku (Persian: خاكو‎ also Romanized as Khākū) is a village in Abaru Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 112 families.
 Rajivanagar is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Khan Jan Khani (Persian: خانجان خاني‎ also Romanized as Khān Jān Khānī) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 512 in 105 families.
 Shand-e Masumeh (Persian: شندمعصومه‎ also Romanized as Shand-e Ma‘şūmeh) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 30 families.
 Ankumbura Udagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chal Khorsi-ye Silab (Persian: چال خرسي سيلاب‎ also Romanized as Chāl Khorsī-ye Sīlāb) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Siv Kladenets is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria. It was known as Gökçepınar during Ottoman rule and was taken present name in 1934 (According to Bulgarian Wikipedia of Siv Kladenets)
 Dipun (Persian: ديپون‎ also Romanized as Dīpūn) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 23 families.
 Nadarzyn [naˈdaʐɨn] is a village in Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nadarzyn. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pruszków and 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Warsaw.In 2007 the village had a population of 3198.
 Skowieszyn [skɔˈvjɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Końskowola 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Puławy and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 751.
 Hoàng Lương is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Bryagovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Asuküla is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Cheshmeh Qanat-e Junak (Persian: چشمه قنات جونك‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Qanāt-e Jūnak; also known as Cheshmeh Qanāt) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 14 families.
 Qalhar (Persian: قالهر‎ also Romanized as Qālhar; also known as Ghalhar Golhar Gulehār and Kūlhār) is a village in Hastijan Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 894 in 290 families.
 Płatków [ˈpwatkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabrodzie within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Wyszków and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Gornje Gare is a village in the municipality of Crna Trava Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 80 people.
 Wola-Dąbrowa [ˈvɔla dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Wartkowice 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sabirkhan (Persian: صبيرخان‎ also Romanized as Şabīrkhān; also known as Şabrkhān) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tuyeh (Persian: تويه‎ also Romanized as Tūyeh; also known as Tū-ye Darbār) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 137 families.
 Zamość Nowy [ˈzamɔɕt͡ɕ ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sósvertike is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Piotrkowice [pjɔtrkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Aduri (Persian: آدورئ‎ also Romanized as Ādūrī) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 52 families.
 Borowo-Młyn [bɔˈrɔvɔ ˈmwɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Pobiedziska and 22 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Werchrata [vɛrˈxrata] (Ukrainian: Верхрата Verchrata) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) east of Lubaczów and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 460.
 Gowd-e Azhdar (Persian: گوداژدر‎; also known as Qowd-e Azhdar) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Mowtowr-e Allah Bakhsh (Persian: موتور الله بخش‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Allah Bakhsh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 7 families.
 Wężowice [vɛ̃ʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Wensewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Halal Kola (Persian: هلال كلا‎ also Romanized as Halāl Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 793 in 207 families.
 Darreh Anar (Persian: دره انار‎ also Romanized as Darreh Anār) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 316 in 55 families.
 Ahankoti (Persian: اهن كتي‎ also Romanized as Āhankotī) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 37 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 28 families.
 Komeshcheh (Persian: كمشچه‎ also Romanized as Komshecheh) is a village in Olya Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 25 families.
 Zarnan (Persian: زرنان‎ also Romanized as Zarnān; also known as Gol Bāgh Zaran and Zarlān) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 72 families.
 Braljina is a village in the municipality of Ražanj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 266 people.
 Kaqalaq (Persian: كقالق‎ also Romanized as Kaqālaq; also known as Kafalagh and Kafāleq) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 785 in 204 families.
 Baqerabad-e Yek (Persian: باقر آباد1‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād-e Yek; also known as Bāqerābād) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Alegaon Paga is a panchayat village in the state of Maharashtra India. The village is 2.6 kilometres east of the Bhima River. Administratively Alegaon Paga is under Shirur Taluka of Pune District in Maharashtra. The village of Alegaon Paga is 5.5 km by road north of the village of Ranjangaon Sandas and 31 km by road south of the town of Shirur.There are two villages in the Alegaon Paga gram panchayat: Alegaon Paga and Arangaon.
 Villa de la Quebrada is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Cieliczanka [t͡ɕeliˈt͡ʂanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Supraśl and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Držanlije (Serbian: Држанлије) is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Fadam (Persian: فدم‎) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pasar (Persian: پاسار‎ also Romanized as Pāsār and Pāssar) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 512 in 113 families.
 Innan Glyvur is a village in the Faroe Islands on the island of Eysturoy. It is on the west side of Skalafjørður (fjord). It was founded in 1884.
 Pogorzel [pɔˈɡɔʐɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Gołdap and 134 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Zagaje [zaˈɡajɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Jędrzejów and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Callaway is a village in Custer County Nebraska United States. The population was 539 at the 2010 census.
 Mazewo Dworskie A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Oudega (West Frisian: Aldegea ) is a small village in Smallingerland in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 1690 citizens (2004).
 Do Gerdan Khunsorkh (Persian: دوگردان خونسرخ‎ also Romanized as Do Gerdān Khūnsorkh; also known as Do Gerdān Dogerdān and Dowgerdān) is a village in Gachin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1581 in 337 families.
 Sartalkh (Persian: سرتلخ‎) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 73 families.
 Luk-e Pa-e Jadid (Persian: لوك پاجديد‎ also Romanized as Lūk-e Pā-e Jadīd; also known as Lok-e Pājadīd) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 476 in 99 families.
 Chenari (Persian: چناري‎ also Romanized as Chenārī) is a village in Garin Rural District Zarrin Dasht District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 574 in 146 families.
 Lwin-u is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Kalangarz (Persian: كلنگرز‎; also known as Kalangar Kholangarz Kolangar Kolangaz Kolengaz and Kulangarz) is a village in Darsajin Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 43 families.
 Neyestanak (Persian: نيستانك‎ also Romanized as Neyestānak and Naistānak) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 86 families.
 Jamepally is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Cesarka [t͡sɛˈsarka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Stryków 15 km (9 mi) east of Zgierz and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Daji is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1664. The current estimate for 2009 is 2929 people
 Horoměřice is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 8.04 km² and as of 2006 it had a population of 2617.It is known as the birthplace of Benedikt Roezl a famous botanist and orchids collector.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowice-Przeginia within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Jerzmanowice and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Siyavashabad-e Gerdu (Persian: سياوش ابادگردو‎ also Romanized as Sīyāvashābād-e Gerdū) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 27 families.
 Millapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Abshineh (Persian: ابشينه‎ also Romanized as Ābshīneh) is a village in Sangestan Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1356 in 372 families.
 Nildandahinna is a town in Sri Lanka. It is located within Nuwara Eliya district.
 Grabowo Parchowskie [ɡraˈbɔvɔ parˈxɔfskʲɛ] (Kashubian: Grabòwò Parchòwsczé) is a village in Gmina Parchowo Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Bytów and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship. It has a population of 36.
 Tamakyaing is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Qandi (Persian: قندي‎ also Romanized as Qandī; also known as Qandī-ye Vajel) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 103 families.
 Rzeszotary-Chwały [ʐɛʂɔˈtarɨ ˈxfawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zarzecze [zaˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wodzisław 13 km (8 mi) south of Jędrzejów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kupinince is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 134 people.
 Abu ol Mowmen (Persian: ابو الموًمن‎ also Romanized as ‘Abū ol Mowmen ; also known as ‘Abd ol Momen and Abū ol Ma‘man) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 25 families.
 Kam Kuh (Persian: كمكوه‎ also Romanized as Kam Kūh; also known as Konkūsh) is a village in Narestan Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 20 families.
 Czernichów [t͡ʂɛrˈnixuf] is a village in Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czernichów. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Żywiec and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1098.Czernichów is twinned with: Bicester Oxfordshire in Great Britain↑
 Wielbark [ˈvjɛlbark] (German: About this sound Willenberg ) is a village in Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wielbark. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Szczytno and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Sarjeh Kor (Persian: سارجه كر‎ also Romanized as Sārjeh Kor; also known as Sārjeh Kūr and Sarjeh Kūr) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2748 in 573 families.
 Sakhteman ol Khas (Persian: ساختمان ال خاص‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān ol Khāş) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Çorrush (definite Albanian form: Çorrushi) is a village in the Kutë municipality Mallakastër District Fier County southwestern Albania.Currently Çorrush has 16 locally known neighborhoods; Hederaj Shehaj Allkomuçaj Majas Varfaj Llakaj Bajraktaraj Asllanaj Caushaj Banaj Kolaj Qendër Agaraj Kënaj Shullënjas and Zotoagaj. All the neighborhoods are placed in a different hilltop. The Inhabitants of the village are called Çorrushiotë.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Chojnice and 109 km (68 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 127.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2024 in 544 families.
 Pindikhola vdc1 pindikhola is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5625 people living in 1074 individual households.
 Wieszyno [vjɛˈʂɨnɔ] (German Vessin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Słupsk and 98 km (61 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 270.
 Kushk-e Bidak (Persian: كوشك بيدك‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Bīdak and Kūshk Bīdak; also known as Kooshké Bidak and Kūshk-e Bīd and) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3016 in 770 families.
 Bagh Alishah (Persian: باغ علي شاه‎ also Romanized as Bāgh ʿAlīshāh) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kawęczynek [kavɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Warta 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shahnavaz-e Sofla (Persian: شهنوازسفلي‎ also Romanized as Shahnavāz-e Soflá) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 30 families.
 Shahmar Beyglu (Persian: شهماربيگلو‎ also Romanized as Shahmār Beyglū) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 47 families.
 Hasanabad-e Tavakkoli (Persian: حسن ابادتوكلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Tavakkolī; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād-e Tavakkol) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 5 families.
 Deh Now-e Sheykh Ali Khan (Persian: ده نوشيخ عليخان‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Sheykh ʿAlī Khān; also known as Deh-e Shūr Deh Now-e Āb Shūr and Deh Shūr) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 41 families.
 Las Vertientes (San Luis) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Kaseh Ashkan (Persian: كاسه اشكن‎ also Romanized as Kāseh Āshkan) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kiszewy [kiˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuliszków within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Tuliszków 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Turek and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 280.
 Kerman Ahak (Persian: كرمان اهك‎ also Romanized as Kermān Āhak) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Akoluk is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Abakavaripalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bagepalli taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Varaqa (Persian: ورقا‎ also Romanized as Varaqā and Varqā) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 61 families.
 Yusef Khan (Persian: يوسف خان‎ also Romanized as Yūsef Khān and Yūsof Khān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Yūsof and Qal‘eh Yūsuf Khān) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 415 in 121 families.
 Ab Zalu-ye Sofla-ye Neqareh Khaneh (Persian: اب زالوسفلي نقاره خانه‎ also Romanized as Āb Zālū-ye Soflá-ye Neqāreh Khāneh; also known as Āb Zālū-ye Pā’īn Āb Zālū-ye Soflá and Belī Angūrī) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Div Darreh (Persian: ديودره‎ also Romanized as Dīv Darreh) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 68 families.
 Gholam Mohammad Bazar (Persian: غلام محمد بازار‎ also Romanized as Gholām Moḩammad Bāzār; also known as Moḩammad and Muhammad) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 36 families.
 Leżachów [lɛˈʐaxuf] (Ukrainian: Лежахів Lezhakhiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieniawa within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sieniawa 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Przeworsk and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 500.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 104 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت آباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 10 families.
 Jäärja is a village in Saarde Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Chyże [ˈxɨʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżec within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bełżec 7 km (4 mi) south of Tomaszów Lubelski and 111 km (69 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 380.
 Kruplin Średni [ˈkruplin ˈɕrɛdni] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nowa Brzeźnica 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Pajęczno and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 32.
 Gholam Rostam (Persian: غلام رستم‎ also Romanized as Gholām Rostam; also known as Deh-e Gholām Rostam) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 25 families.
 Zubovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 214 people.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Zaklików 25 km (16 mi) north of Stalowa Wola and 86 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kachuyeh (Persian: كچويه‎ also Romanized as Kachūyeh and Kachooyeh) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 664 in 182 families.
 Konjuša is a village situated in Obrenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Aurelin [auˈrɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Uchanie 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Hrubieszów and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 237 in 63 families.
 Górki Napękowskie [ˈɡurki napɛnˈkɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bieliny and 23 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Giżyn [ˈɡiʐɨn] (German: Giesenbrügge) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Nowogródek Pomorski 10 km (6 mi) east of Myślibórz and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Dhangadi Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7593 people living in 1405 individual households.
 Shahzadeh Mohammad (Persian: شاهزاده محمد‎ also Romanized as Shāhzādeh Moḩammad) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Naibly is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.[citation needed]
 Brudzeń Duży [ˈbrud͡zɛɲ ˈduʐɨ] is a village in Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brudzeń Duży. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Płock and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 939.
 Kanaganapalle is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Kebikeru is a village in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Dargi (Persian: درگي‎ also Romanized as Dargī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Stare Baraki [ˈstarɛ baˈraki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Zaklików 25 km (16 mi) north of Stalowa Wola and 86 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 200.
 Shahbazlu (Persian: شهبازلو‎ also Romanized as Shahbāzlū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 26 families.
 Klimash is a village in Sungurlare Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Pasternik [pasˈtɛrnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Biecz 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Gorlice and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sameleh-ye Sofla (Persian: سامله سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sāmeleh-ye Soflá; also known as Sāmeleh) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 66 families.
 Bar Aftab-e Fazl (Persian: برافتاب فاضل‎ also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Fāz̤l; also known as Bar Āftāb-e Bozorg) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 71 families.
 Esfaranjan (Persian: اسفرنجان‎ also Romanized as Esfaranjān and Asfarenjān; also known as Esfarjān and Isfaranjān) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 551 in 164 families.
 Grabów [ˈɡrabuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuplice within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Tuplice 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Żary and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Józefosław [juzɛˈfɔswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Piaseczno and 13 km (8 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Røykås is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District Chenarud District Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 21 families.
 Lisowo [liˈsɔvɔ] (formerly German Vossberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Chociwel 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 344.
 Kaleń [ˈkalɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Ibë e Poshtme is a village in the municipality of Bërzhitë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Yavaşlar is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Zirnay-e Olya (Persian: زيرناي عليا‎ also Romanized as Zīrnāy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Zīrnā-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Elaiyur (East) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sadławki [saˈdwafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Qalqanlu (Persian: قالقانلو‎ also Romanized as Qālqānlū) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 24 families.
 Jakunówko [jakuˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Pozezdrze 17 km (11 mi) east of Węgorzewo and 107 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has an approximate population of 280.
 Rud Avar (Persian: روداور‎ also Romanized as Rūd Āvar; also known as Rood Av) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 662 divided in 189 families.
 Dashalfy is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.Dashalfy is the Azeri village in QubadliThis village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Basarikatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Repince is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 972 people.
 Płocicz [ˈpwɔt͡ɕit͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koczała within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Koczała 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 117 km (73 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 43.
 Klisura is a sparsely populated and dispersed composed of several almost abandoned neighborhoods village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated in the Vlahina mountain bordering with Republic of Macedonia to the west and Kyustendil Province to the north. The area is covered with oak and beech forests. There are remains of prehistorical village nearby.
 Anusin [aˈnuɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Zadzim 11 km (7 mi) south of Poddębice and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 100.
 Rampurwa Mehsi is a village situated in East Champaran District in the Indian state of Bihar. The village is commonly known as Rampurwa among the localities. It lies in the Mirjapur Panchayat region. It is situated at the bank of river Burhi Gandak River on whose bank the village has flourished. It is well connected by road and railways. The nearest highway is NH-28 which is 1 km from the village.
 Burkettsville /ˈbɜrkɛtsvɪl/ is a village in Darke and Mercer counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 244 at the 2010 census.
 Pedda Korpole(పెద్ద కొర్పోల్) is a village located in Nekkonda of Warangal district in Andhra Pradesh state India.It is located very near to the Kazipet Vijayawada railway line. It comes under Narsampet (Assembly constituency) Mahabubabad (Lok Sabha constituency) and Mahabubabad Revenue Division. Its PIN CODE is 506112.Village has the population of around 3114 people with 1584 Male population 1530 Female population and 694 houses according to Census Of India census of 2011.
 Lazarevo Selo is a village situated in Niška Banja municipality in Serbia.
 Khatmabad (Persian: ختم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khatmābād) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 74 families.
 Parippally is a village town in Kollam district Kerala India. Paripally town is 26 km away from Kollam city centre along the NH66. It is just 2 km away from the border of Kollam district on the way to Trivandrum District.
 Adi (Chikodi) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka. Its population is nearly 5000. It is located near Poona-Bangalore highway.
 Bagh-e Mugach (Persian: باغ موگچ‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Mūgach) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Rosenovo is a village in Sredets Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Dąbrowa Tarnawacka [dɔmˈbrɔva tarnaˈvat͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Chal Shahin-e Khoda Bakhsh (Persian: چال شاهين خدابخش‎ also Romanized as Chāl Shāhīn-e Khodā Bakhsh; also known as Chāl Chāhīn and Chāl Shāhīn) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 27 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hajīābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 979 in 191 families.
 Abd ol Emam-e Feysal (Persian: عبدالامام فيصل‎ also Romanized as ‘Abd ol Emām-e Feyşal; also known as Abd ol Emām Feysalī ‘Abd ol Emām Feyşalī and Raddeh-ye Omm ol Qaşab) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Berkeley is a village located in Cook County Illinois United States. Incorporated in 1924 the population at the 2010 census was 5209.The town has a commuter railroad station on Metra's Union Pacific/West Line with service to downtown Chicago.
 Kulin Kłodzki [ˈkulin ˈkwɔt͡ski] (German: Keilendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lewin Kłodzki 24 km (15 mi) west of Kłodzko and 93 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ali Akbar (Persian: علي اكبر‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Akbar; also known as Alīavar) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 61 families.
 All Saints is the second largest town in Antigua and Barbuda with a population of 3412. It's located in the middle of Antigua at 17°3′N 61°47′W. Just 5 miles SE of here is the capital St. John's.Within the vicinity of the town is Betty's Hope the first large-scale sugarcane plantation in Antigua. Betty's Hope was built in 1674 by Sir Christopher Codrington the namesake of Codrington and was named for his daughter Elizabeth Codrington.
 Arazi Ashayir Kurki (Persian: اراضي عشايركوركي‎ also Romanized as Ārāz̤ī ʿAShāyīr Kūrkī) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Aladikaruppur is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Strzałków [ˈstʂau̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lisków 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 119 km (74 mi) southeast of the regional capital Poznań.
 Arcelin [arˈt͡sɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Płońsk and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Brzeziny and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Reptowo [rɛpˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Stargard Szczeciński and 20 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 895.
 Sobiałkowo [sɔbjau̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Miejska Górka 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Rawicz and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 900.
 Örenşehir Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Behvard (Persian: بهورد‎) is a village in Eyvanki Rural District Eyvanki District Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Voyvodenets is a village in Stambolovo Municipality in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Colonias Unidas is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 El Naranjo (Salta) is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Posht Khan (Persian: پشت خان‎ also Romanized as Posht Khān) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Mohrezi (Persian: محرزي‎ also Romanized as Moḩrezī and Mohrezī; also known as Mowrezī) is a village in Angali Rural District in the Central District of Bushehr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 39 families.
 Kalateh-ye Nazar Ali (Persian: كلاته نظرعلي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Naz̧ar ‘Alī; also known as Naz̧ar ‘Alī) is a village in Jirestan Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 646 in 146 families.
 Carriganima or Carriganimmy (Irish: Carraig an Ime) is a village in the Barony of Muskerry County Cork Ireland situated approximately 19 km north of Macroom and 10 km south of Millstreet on the R582. The village lies in a valley between the Boggeragh and Derrynasaggart mountain ranges.Local Townlands include Carriganima (Carraig an Ime) and Glantane East & West (Gleanntán).
 Kėboniai is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 47 people.
 Tolombeh-ye Soltani-ye Do (Persian: تلمبه سلطاني 2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Solṭānī-ye Do) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 İnkaya is a village in Sarıkamış district of Kars Province Turkey at 40°11′N 42°22′E. The distance to Sarıkamış is 45 kilometres (28 mi) and to Kars is 99 kilometres (62 mi) The population of İnkaya is 1245 as of 2011. The former name of İnkaya was Micingert (Not to be confused with the other settlements with the same name around) There are ruins of an Urartu (ca. 8th century BC) castle at the west and Saltuklu (1071-1202) castle at the east of the village.
 Ponikła [pɔˈnikwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Poświętne 19 km (12 mi) north of Opoczno and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Janati Khavah (Persian: تلمبه محمد جنتي خواه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Janatī Khavāh) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Raškovci (Cyrillic: Рашковци) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chah-e Amiq Zuleh Rostam (Persian: چاه عميق زوله رستم‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Zūleh Rostam) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nazar Kandi (Persian: نظركندي‎ also Romanized as Naz̧ar Kandī) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 28 families.
 Yolkonak is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Caseros (Entre Ríos) is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Popowice [pɔpɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Puppendorf; Kashubian: Pòpòwice) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Bytów and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 52.
 Eslamabad-e Pain (Persian: اسلام ابادپايين‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Eslāmābād-e Paeen) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 60 families.
 Chegerd (Persian: چگرد‎; also known as Chederg) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 69 families.
 Kobuszyn [kɔˈbuʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Szreńsk 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Mława and 107 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Krzydłowiczki [kʂɨdwɔˈvit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Huta Mińska [ˈxuta ˈmiɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dembawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Młyniec [ˈmwɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bobrowice 11 km (7 mi) south of Krosno Odrzańskie and 28 km (17 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 2.
 Zyzdrojowy Piecek [zɨzdrɔˈjɔvɨ ˈpjɛt͡sɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Piecki 23 km (14 mi) south of Mrągowo and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Varnameh (Persian: ورنمه‎; also known as Varghameh) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 29 families.
 Zoutkamp is a village in De Marne Groningen in the Netherlands. Until 2008 it was the site of a ground station of the Dutch Nationale SIGINT Organisatie (National Signals Intelligence Service) which intercepted satellite communications much like the U.S. National Security Agency.
 Ea Bar is a rural commune (xã) and large village in the Buôn Đôn District of Đắk Lắk Province Vietnam. The commune covers an area of 26 square kilometres and as of 1999 had a population of 14407 people.
 Chaudandi is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2715 people living in 469 individual households.
 Kajetanówka [kajɛtaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Urzędów 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Kraśnik and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pınarlı Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 160 people.
 Mowtowr-e Hoseynabad (Persian: موتورحسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mozaffarabad (Persian: مظفراباد‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affarābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Esmailabad-e Olya (Persian: اسماعيل ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Esmāeelābād-e Sehchāh) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wanduramulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dąbrowa Mała [dɔmˈbrɔva ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Ślesin 15 km (9 mi) north of Konin and 92 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 88.
 Khanik (Persian: خانيك‎ also Romanized as Khānīk; also known as Khānīk Shāh) is a village in Borun Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 29 families.
 Suszyna [suˈʂɨna] (German: Dürrkunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Radków 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Kłodzko and 81 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tuğrul is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°32′N 33°33′E it is situated to the east of Göksu River valley. Its distance to Mut is 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 150 kilometres (93 mi). The population of the village is 164 as of 2012.
 Sapy [ˈsapɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Puszcza Mariańska 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Żyrardów and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Pahlavan Koshi (Persian: پهلوان كشي‎ also Romanized as Pahlavān Koshī; also known as Pahlavān Koshī-ye Bozorg and Pahlevān Koshī-ye Bozorg) is a village in Delvar Rural District Delvar District Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 977 in 234 families.
 Sookalda is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 12 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Baba Cheshmeh (Persian: باباچشمه‎ also Romanized as Bābā Cheshmeh) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 38 families.
 Manmarri is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Naranwala (7°22'N 80°30'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gavdari-ye Qarah Ney (Persian: گاوداري قره ني‎ also Romanized as Gāvdārī-ye Qarah Ney) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 7 families.
 Gzin [ɡʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dąbrowa Chełmińska 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 450.
 Talan Teidit (also written Tala-n-Tehidit) is a village in the commune of Tamanrasset in Tamanrasset District Tamanrasset Province Algeria 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the city of Tamanrasset in the Hoggar Mountains.
 Podole Wielkie [pɔˈdɔlɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Podel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Główczyce 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 78 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Nioumamakana or Niouma Makana is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune covers an area of 311 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7442. The administrative centre (chef-lieu) is the village of Nioumamakana.
 Toghli Sadat (Persian: طغلي سادات‎ also Romanized as Ţoghlī Sādāt; also known as Toqlī Sādāt) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 41 families.
 Tropiszów [trɔˈpiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Igołomia-Wawrzeńczyce within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wawrzeńczyce and 20 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 770.
 Psary-Stara Wieś [ˈpsarɨ ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Bodzentyn and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 500.
 Michałopol [mixaˈwɔpɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Gidle 20 km (12 mi) south of Radomsko and 99 km (62 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 150.
 Józefkowo [juzɛfˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Skępe 11 km (7 mi) east of Lipno and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Lemmaku is a village in Tudulinna Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Gajewo [ɡaˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Aliabad-e Sofla (Persian: علي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Soflá) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Niambit (Persian: نيام بيت‎ also Romanized as Nīāmbīt; also known as Nāmbīt) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 24 families.
 Qalandarabad (Persian: قلندراباد‎ also Romanized as Qalandarābād) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 59 families.
 Burkatów [burˈkatuf] (German: Burkersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Świdnica and 55 kilometres (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław. The Battle of Burkersdorf was fought on July 21 1762 during the Seven Years' War.
 Surmin [ˈsurmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sośnie 20 km (12 mi) south of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 115 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tarnica [tarˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Dereköy is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Girisagar is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bilagi taluka of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Dziemierzyce [d͡ʑɛmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Racławice 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Miechów and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 200.
 Naghnaghiya (Arabic: النغْنغية‎ Al-Naghnaghiyya) was a Palestinian Arab village 28.5 kilometers (17.7 mi) southeast of Haifa. It was depopulated before the outbreak of the 1948 Arab-Israeli war.
 Cekanów [t͡sɛˈkanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Rozprza 9 km (6 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 20 families.
 Hyde Park is a village in the town of Hyde Park Lamoille County Vermont United States. The population was 415 at the 2000 census.
 Udayanatham (West) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Akbarabad-e Rah Niz (Persian: اكبرابادراه نيز‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Rāh Nīz; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Sangan (Persian: سنگان‎ also Romanized as Sangān; also known as Kalāteh-i-Amīri Kalāteh-ye Amiri and Sangān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Darreh Barik (Persian: دره باريك‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bārīk; also known as Darrehbārīk) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 13 families.
 Burniszki [burˈniʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Wiżajny 34 km (21 mi) north of Suwałki and 142 km (88 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Shah Maleki (Persian: شاه ملكي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Malekī Shāh Molkī and Shāh Malakī; also known as Chāh Malakī and Shāh Mālīkī) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 101 families.
 Wiśniewko [viɕˈɲefkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wiśniewo 3 km (2 mi) south-west of Mława and 108 km (67 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Afega is a village on the island of Upolu in Samoa. It is located on the central north coast of the island to the west of the capital Apia in the countryside. The population is 1781 (2006 census).Afega is part of electoral constituency (faipule district) Sagaga Le Usoga which is part of the larger political district Tuamasaga.
 Tursk [tursk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sulęcin 39 km (24 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ciechanki Łęczyńskie [t͡ɕɛˈxanki wɛnˈt͡ʂɨɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Łęczna and 23 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gelmandan (Persian: گل مندان‎ also Romanized as Gelmandān; also known as Gelmand and Kalmandān) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mesdaraq (Persian: مسدرق‎) is a village in Naqdi Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 15 families.
 Owbqun (Persian: اوبقون‎ also Romanized as Owbqūn) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Surzyki Małe [suˈʐɨki ˈmawɛ] (German Klein Sauerken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Małdyty 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 30.
 Nowa Wieś Wschodnia [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈfsxɔdɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzekuń within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sarab-e Sheykh Hasan (Persian: سراب شيخ حسن‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Sheykh Ḩasan; also known as Sarāb) is a village in Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 57 families.
 Dabadib (also written Debadib) is a village in the commune of Oued El Alenda in Mih Ouensa District El Oued Province Algeria. The village is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southeast of Oued El Alenda and 19 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of the provincial capital El Oued.
 Moqarrab-e Yek (Persian: مقرب يك‎; also known as Moqarrab) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 80 families.
 Taj ol Din (Persian: تاج الدين‎ also Romanized as Tāj ol Dīn Tāj od Dīn and Tāj ed Dīn; also known as Tazadin and Tāzeh Deh) is a village in Takab Rural District in the Central District of Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1083 in 305 families.
 Zajączki [zaˈjɔnt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 125 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Tarłów 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Opatów and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 130.
 Walton Hills is a village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. The population was 2281 at the 2010 census.
 Bhoun (mostly spelled Bhaun) (is a village and union council an administrative subdivision of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
 Khalasht (Persian: خالشت‎ also Romanized as Khālasht) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rokietnica [rɔkʲɛtˈɲit͡sa] (Ukrainian: Рокетниця Roketnytsia) is a village in Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rokietnica. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Jarosław and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2500.
 Tarkayesh (Persian: تركايش‎; also known as Tarkāsh) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 104 families.
 Laski [ˈlaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Szelków 10 km (6 mi) south of Maków Mazowiecki and 64 km (40 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Karat Kallehlu (Persian: كرات كله لو‎ also Romanized as Karāt Kallehlū; also kown as Karāt Kalleh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chester is a village in Thayer County Nebraska United States. The population was 232 at the 2010 census.Chester is notable as being the birthplace of six-man football.
 Kalinino is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Raszawy [raˈʂavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Metsküla is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located just southwest of Mäetaguse the administrative centre of the municipality and about 9 km (6 mi) northwest of Iisaku. As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 13.The Selisoo bog and parts of Muraka and Ratva bogs are located on the territory of Metsküla.
 Hanusek [xaˈnusɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tworóg 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Będzitowskie Huby [bɛnd͡ʑiˈtɔfskʲɛ ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Sompolno 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Konin and 109 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 540.
 Qadimabad (Persian: قديم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qadīmābād; also known as Kadimabad) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District in the Central District of Alborz County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1550 in 355 families.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District Marhemetabad District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1539 in 331 families.
 Gozdków [ˈɡɔstkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Witonia 14 km (9 mi) north of Łęczyca and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wola Rudzka [ˈvɔla ˈrut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Opole Lubelskie and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Azarsi Hattem (Persian: ازارسي حاتم‎ also Romanized as Āzārsī Ḩāttem) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 24 families.
 Kocianów [kɔˈt͡ɕanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Poniatowa 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Oreshets Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Harmanli in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Gurlapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Veeraghattam is a town located in the state of Andhra Pradesh Srikakulam district India. Veeraghattam is run under a mandal and is bordered by the Vangara Regidi Amadalavalasa Palakonda and Seethampeta mandals of the Srikakulam district and Vizianagaram district. Veeraghattam is located between Palakonda and Parvathipuram.
 Qaleh Now-ye Safiabad (Persian: قلعه نوصفي اباد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-ye Şafīābād; also known as Bīābān Shīr and Qal‘eh Now-e Şūfīābād) is a village in Soleyman Rural District Soleyman District Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1340 in 311 families.
 Churi (Persian: چوري‎ also Romanized as Chūrī) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District in the Central District of Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Abelenkpe is a Urban area in the Accra Metropolitan district a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
 Gavbandan (Persian: گاوبندان‎ also Romanized as Gāvbandān; also knolwn as Gāvbanān) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 19 families.
 Cisie-Zagrudzie [ˈt͡ɕiɕe zaˈɡrud͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Koçak is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 658 people.
 Hoseynabad-e Yarahmadi (Persian: حسين ابادياراحمدي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Yāraḩmadī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Sefid Bon (Persian: سفيدبن‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Bon) is a village in Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 48 families.
 Plachi Dol is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Dorposz Chełmiński [ˈdɔrpɔʂ xɛu̯ˈmiɲski] (German: Kulmisch Dorpasch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Chełmno 45 km (28 mi) north of Toruń and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Boubacar Ben Amer is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Rykkinn is a dormitory town in the north-west of Bærum with about 10000-15000 inhabitants. It is located between Kolsås and the area of Skui and Vøyenenga.Rykkinn consists mainly of apartment blocks and smaller houses. Most of Rykkinn's buildings and infrastructure were built in the early 1970s due to the growing demands for housing near Oslo.
 Random Lake is a village in Sheboygan County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1594 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Sheboygan Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Shanureh (Persian: شانوره‎ also Romanized as Shānūreh and Shānavareh; also known as Shāh-e Nāwāreh Shāh-i-Nawāreh Shāhnavazeh and Shah Nooreh) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 772 in 187 families.
 Wierzchowiska Pierwsze [vjɛʂxɔˈviska ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kolta Sar (Persian: كلتاسر‎ also Romanized as Koltā Sar; also known as Koltān Sar) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 35 families.
 Habashabad (Persian: حبش اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩabashābād) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 30 families.
 Rajamadam is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India. Rajamadam is 13 km distance from its Taluk Main Town Pattukkottai . Rajamadam is 58.1 km distance from its District Main City Thanjavur . And 320 km distance from its State Main City Chennai .
 Pavliš (Serbian Cyrillic: Павлиш) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Vršac municipality South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(87.52%) and its population numbering 2205 people (2011 census).
 Świniary [ɕfiˈɲarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Ośno Lubuskie 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Słubice 44 km (27 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 220.
 Mireh va Ahmad (Persian: ميره و احمد‎ also Romanized as Mīreh va Āḥmad; also known as Posht Tang-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Tarhan-e Sharqi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 375 in 71 families.
 Grójec Wielki-Leśniczówka [ˈɡrujɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Grzędowo [ɡʐɛnˈdɔvɔ] (German: Rödersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Braniewo and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 74.
 İnpınar Bayat is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Rąbczyn [ˈrɔmpt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wągrowiec and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ivanjska (Cyrillic: Ивањска) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 46 families.
 Bruzovice (German: Brusowitz Polish: Bruzowice) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 729 (2006) and lies in the historical region of Těšín Silesia.
 Balvaneh-ye Khaledi (Persian: بالوانه خالدي‎ also Romanized as Bālvāneh-ye Khāledī; also known as Balīāneh Baliyāna Bālvāneh and Bālvāneh-ye Khāledīān) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 33 families.
 Üründü Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Popów 13 km (8 mi) north of Kłobuck and 87 km (54 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 224.
 Kachek Bel-e Sofla (Persian: كچكبل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kachek Bel-e Soflá; also known as Kajak Bel-e Soflá and Kūchek Bel-e Soflá) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 22 families.
 Sar Tapi (Persian: سرتاپي‎ also Romanized as Sar Tāpī) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Bard Zard (Persian: بردزرد‎ also Romanized as Badr-e Zard) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Işıkkaya is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Tappeh Kaniz (Persian: تپه كنيز‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Kanīz) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 464 in 98 families.
 Wesoła [vɛˈsɔwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęka Opatowska within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Attalur is a village situated near Amaravathi town in the Guntur District of Andhra Pradesh India. Which plays prominent role in Pedakurapadu Assembly constituency's political and social issues. This village has one sivaru (adjoining) village namely Nuthalapativari Palem. It has nearly 8000 residents in 900 households with more than 4000 voters the majority of which are Hindus. Other religious groups are Muslims and Christians.
 Diansar (Persian: ديانسر‎ also Romanized as Dīānsar; also known as Dīāmūnsar and Vīānsar) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Dhanori is a small village in Navsari district in the state of Gujarat India. It is about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of the city of Valsad and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of the district city of Navsari.Dhanori is well connected to Surat Bilimora Navsari Gandevi by road and it is in these places that most of the village population work. Their primary occupation is that of farming.
 Wazirabad (Hindi: वजीराबाद अहीर) is a large village in Gurgaon district and also a richest village of  Haryana state India. It lies on the Gurgaon-Faridabad road and is dominated by the Yaduvanshi Ahirs caste mainly of the Dagar gotra. It has a population of about 8279 persons living in around 1461 households. The village is spread over three wards under the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon: wards 30 31 and 33.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1003 in 227 families.
 Posana is a village in Udaipurwati tehsil of Jhunjhunu district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
 Gronków [ˈɡrɔnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Nowy Targ and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sobota [sɔˈbɔta] (German: Zobten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lwówek Śląski and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tall-e Gachi (Persian: تل گچي‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Gachī; also known as Tall-e Khoshkī) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Ćmielów 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hachi Darreh (Persian: حاچي دره‎ also Romanized as Ḩāchī Darreh; also known as Āchī Darreh and Ājī Darreh) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 35 families.
 Golestaneh (Persian: گلستانه‎ also Romanized as Golestāneh) is a village in Rumeshkhan-e Sharqi Rural District Rumeshkhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1008 in 227 families.
 Samalpung is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4106 persons living in 776 individual households.
 Shah Najaf (Persian: شاه نجف‎ also Romanized as Shāh Najaf and Shāh-e Najaf) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 779 in 179 families.
 Wólka Zychowa [ˈvulka zɨˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Stąporków 13 km (8 mi) east of Końskie and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 420.
 Sarband-e Gaviad (Persian: سربندگوياد‎ also Romanized as Sarband-e Gavīād) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 25 families.
 Tavalledan-e Avazi (Persian: طولدان عوضي‎ also Romanized as Ţavalledān-e ʿAvaz̤ī) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chenar Sukhteh (Persian: چنارسوخته‎ also Romanized as Chenār Sūkhteh) is a village in Mazayjan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 34 families.
 Zawadka [zaˈvatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 140.
 Pas Band (Persian: پس بند‎ also Romanized as Pasband) is a village in Kal Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 151 families.
 Buszów [ˈbuʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiszyn within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Lubiszyn and 28 km (17 mi) west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gradów [ˈɡraduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Karim Dark (Persian: كريم درك‎ also Romanized as Karīm Dark) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 18 families.
 Yukarıkışlak is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 64 people.
 Khaneh-ye Barq-e Qadim (Persian: خانه برق قديم‎ also Romanized as Khāneh-ye Barq-e Qadīm) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1309 in 337 families.
 Chu Chun (Persian: چوچون‎ also Romanized as Chū Chūn and Choochoon; also known as Chīchow and Chīchū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 16 families.
 Malki Voden is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Vučkovci is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bord Khun-e Kohneh (Persian: بردخون كهنه‎ also Romanized as Bord Khūn-e Kohneh; also known as Bord Khūng-e Kohneh and Kahneh) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District Bord Khun District Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 579 in 119 families.
 Banovci is a village in the municipality of Bebrina in the central part of Brod-Posavina county. From the 2011 census the village had a population of 400 inhabitants in which over 90% declare themselves Croats other residents are Ukrainians and others.
 Bad Khvoreh (Persian: بادخوره‎ also Romanized as Bād Khvoreh and Badkhowreh) is a village in Seyyed Jamal ol Din Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1975 in 439 families.
 Borowiny [bɔrɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Skierniewice and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kazet is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Bachanakeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Shareh (Persian: شاره‎ also Romanized as Shāreh and Shārah) is a village in Karrab Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 81 families.
 Mõisaküla Salme Parish is a village in Salme Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Hafteh Khanak (Persian: هفته خانك‎ also Romanized as Hafteh Khānak) is a village in Khenejin Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 39 families.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] (German Steinberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Chojnice and 91 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 53.
 Sar Tang-e Bid Gijeh (Persian: سرتنگ بيدگيجه‎ also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Bīd Gījeh; also known as Sar Tang) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Gornje Čičevo (Cyrillic: Горње Чичево) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zaręby-Góry Leśne [zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈɡurɨ ˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Stare Chlebiotki [ˈstarɛ xlɛˈbjɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Brda (Serbian: Брда) is a village in the municipality of Kupres Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qara Qayeh (Persian: قراقيه‎ also Romanized as Qarā Qayeh; also known as Qarah Qayeh and Qareh Qayeh) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 23 families.
 Damitun-e Bala (Persian: دميتون بالا‎ also Romanized as Damītūn-e Bālā) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 25 families.
 Gonivada is a small village 20 km from Davangere in Karnataka state in India. It is well connected by Davangere-Shimoga Karnataka state highway. The main occupation of the villagers is agriculture the same as thousands of other villages in India. The land is semi-fertile with black and red soil. The chief agricultural product is paddy rice followed by sugarcane as there is a sugar factory nearby. The population of the village is around 2000.
 Bukovica Velika (Cyrillic: Велика Буковица) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Leskovac is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Sitawka [ɕiˈtafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Janów 18 km (11 mi) west of Sokółka and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Troyanovo Burgas Province is a village in the Kameno municipality of Burgas in southeast Bulgaria.
 Ciszyca [t͡ɕiˈʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna 13 km (8 mi) east of Piaseczno and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Eynelli is a village in Çamardı district of Niğde Province Turkey. It is situated in northern slopes of the Toros Mountains. The population of the village is 1017 as of 2011. The village is at the north of Çamardı.
 Podzamek Golubski [pɔˈd͡zamɛk ɡɔˈlupski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Pieńki Henrykowskie [ˈpjɛɲki xɛnrɨˈkɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Brzeziny and 23 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Lyubcha (Bulgarian: Любча) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Dospat Smolyan Province.
 Buin-e Owzin Qajaq (Persian: بوئين اوزين قجق‎ also Romanized as Bū'īn Owzīn Qajaq) is a village in Aqabad Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 102 families.
 Bronocice [brɔnɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Działoszyce 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce. In 1976 the Bronocice pot was discovered. Dating to approximately 3500-3350 BC the pot bears the earliest known image of a wheeled vehicle.
 Uniejów-Kolonia [uˈɲejuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Charsznica 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Miechów and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 310.
 Mahulia is a town in East Singhbhum district Jharkhand India.
 Osmolin [ɔsˈmɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Barkowice [barkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sulejów 12 km (7 mi) east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 395.
 Izdebnik [izˈdɛbnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Potkraj (Kiseljak) is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Estación Escriña is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Gollejeh (Persian: گلجه‎ also Romanized as Gollejeh and Goljeh; also known as Kulidzha and Kulija) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 19 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Seh Chah (Persian: مزرعه سه چاه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Seh Chāh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Mehrdasht District Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dębe Wielkie [ˈdɛmbɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vrbovnik (Cyrillic: Врбовник) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Stawki [ˈstafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Istgah-e Sabz Ab (Persian: ایستگاه سبزآب‎ also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Sabz Āb; also known as Sabzāb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Nawngpu-awng is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Bobovo is a village in the municipality of Svilajnac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1349 people.
 Barefield or Gortlumman (Irish: Gort Lomán) is a village and townland in County Clare Ireland. It is located on the N18 national primary road between Ennis and Gort. The village is 224 km from Dublin and 33 km from Limerick the nearest city.Barefield is in the Catholic parish of Doora and Kilraghtis also called Doora-Barefield parish.The village itself consists of The Church of the Immaculate Conception Barefield National School two shops and two pubs.
 Çepni' is a village in the District of Hocalar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Trzciano [ˈtʂt͡ɕanɔ] (German Hönigfelde or Königfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Ryjewo 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk. The village has a population of 440.
 Przesławice [pʂɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Łasin 21 km (13 mi) east of Grudziądz and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Sarlanga (Persian: سرلنگا‎ also Romanized as Sarlangā; also known as Sarlangāh) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 162 families.
 Darreh-ye Haluni (Persian: دره هالوني‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Hālūnī) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Boneh-ye Qeytas (Persian: بنه قيطاس‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Qeyţās) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 44 families.
 Rivona or Rivana (Konkani:रिवणा or रिवण) is a census town in Quepem taluka South Goa district in the state of Goa India.
 Rajince is a village situated in Preševo municipality in Serbia.
 Pethőhenye is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Romanów [rɔˈmanuf] is an unincorporated village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienica Polska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Częstochowa and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 308.
 Hemmatabad (Persian: همت اباد‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3991 in 941 families.
 Degerman Daresi (Persian: دگرمان درسي‎ also Romanized as Degermān Daresī; also known as Degermān Darrehsī) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 79 families.
 Hesar-e Babaganjeh (Persian: حصارباباگنجه‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Bābāganjeh) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 15 families.
 Qarqasin (Persian: قرقسين‎ also Romanized as Qarqasīn) is a village in Ak Rural District Esfarvarin District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1208 in 228 families.
 Jurkowo [jurˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Krzywiń 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Kościan and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chmielów [ˈxmjɛluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Dębowa Kłoda 12 km (7 mi) east of Parczew and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kerpiçköy is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Jamgaon is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.This village comes into Moderate income zone and rain shadow area but It is well known for diploma in education college i.e.(D.ed). This village has a fort of great administrator and one of the chief of Army of Peshwa Mahadji shinde who got this area as a gift for there bravery called as a 'Jagir'. The fort is gifted to Rayat Shikshan Sanstha by Mahadji shinde's decedent.
 Chodnów [ˈxɔdnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Biała Rawska 24 km (15 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 77 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sheykh Mahalleh (Persian: شيخ محله‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Maḩalleh) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 27 families.
 Golepur is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil.
 Korzonek [kɔˈʐɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Częstochowa and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 382.
 Hoseynabad-e Nasi (Persian: حسين ابادناسي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Nāsī; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Nīāzmandī) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hajjian (Persian: حاجيان‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīān and Hājīān) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 28 families.
 Sarab-e Shian (Persian: سراب شيان‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Shīān) is a village in Shiyan Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 496 in 104 families.
 Saueaugu is a village in Väätsa Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Bugzy Płoskie [ˈbuɡzɨ ˈpwɔskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Chorzele 29 km (18 mi) north of Przasnysz and 118 km (73 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Gaam is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4349 people living in 880 individual households.
 Kembasandiram is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Bukowina [bukɔˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Błaszki 24 km (15 mi) west of Sieradz and 75 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Posht Darb-e Olya (Persian: پشت درب عليا‎ also Romanized as Posht Darb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Boneh-ye Rahmānī) is a village in Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District Aghili District Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 44 families.
 Mieścisko [mjɛɕˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mieścisko. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Wągrowiec and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 2500.
 Podlokanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Подлокањ) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Novi Kneževac municipality in the North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(97.23%) and its population numbering 217 people (2002 census).
 Man Materiya is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8362.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Balaleya is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Rangan (Persian: رنگان‎ also Romanized as Rangān and Rengān) is a village in Karkas Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Mężenin [mɛ̃ˈʐɛnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 228.
 Jabłonica Ruska [jabwɔˈɲit͡sa ˈruska] (Ukrainian: Яблуниця Руська Yablunytsia Rus’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dydnia 14 km (9 mi) east of Brzozów and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Wola Dębska [ˈvɔla ˈdɛmpska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mława and 107 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Khoshab (Persian: خوشاب‎ also Romanized as Khoshāb Khowshāb and Khūshāb) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 142 families.
 Halpola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tänassilma is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County in northern Estonia.
 Fatmauşağı Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Mrazovac (Cyrillic: Мразовац) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Firuzi (Persian: فيروزي‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzī; also known as Firuzi Korbal and Fīrūzī-ye Korbāl) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 32 families.
 Jantra is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Mohammad Zaman-e Kamul (Persian: محمدزمان كمول‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Zamān-e Kamūl; also known as Moḩammad Zamān-e Kamūleh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kalgah Chavil (Persian: كلگه چويل‎ also Romanized as Kalgah Chavīl; also known as Kalgah) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 22 families.
 Łęgi [ˈwɛnɡi] (German: Langen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Połczyn-Zdrój 13 km (8 mi) east of Świdwin and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Piotta is a village in the municipality of Quinto in the Swiss canton of Ticino.
 Rizvići is a village in the municipality of Fojnica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Salestan (Persian: سالستان‎ also Romanized as Sālestān) is a village in Kisom Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 85 families.
 Stara Huta [ˈstara ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Sierakowice 32 km (20 mi) west of Kartuzy and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 99.
 Thiruvaniyoor is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Marankeçili is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Kiab Sar (Persian: كياب سر‎ also Romanized as Kīāb Sar; also known as Kīā Besar) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 52 families.
 Levalõpme is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Nabi Sufi (Persian: نبي صوفي‎ also Romanized as Nabī Şūfī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 16 families.
 Osina Mała [ɔˈɕina ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ziębice 24 km (15 mi) east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kerabari is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12031 people living in 2129 individual households.
 Niedźwiedź [ˈɲɛd͡ʑvjɛt͡ɕ] (formerly German Niedewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Łagów 17 km (11 mi) west of Świebodzin 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 58 km (36 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Tagametsa is a village in Saue Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Brzeźnica Leśna [bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa ˈlɛɕna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Lubartów and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kahvederesi Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 178 people.
 Osceola is a village in Polk County Wisconsin United States. The population was 2568 at the 2010 census. Located mostly within the Town of Osceola the village sits on the border with Minnesota separated by the St. Croix River.
 Bozgabad (Persian: بزگ اباد‎ also Romanized as Bozgābād and Bezgābād) is a village in Garizat Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 46 families.
 Jabrabad (Persian: جبراباد‎ also Romanized as Jabrābād; also known as Mehdīābād) is a village in Hendijan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Hendijan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 33 families.
 Włoki [ˈvwɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Świeszyno 8 km (5 mi) south of Koszalin and 132 km (82 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Hichtum is a small village in Wûnseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 70 citizens (2004).
 Surumakhim is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1737 people living in 265 individual households.
 Łazińsk Drugi [ˈwaʑiɲsk ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Mazraeh-ye Ab Anjireh (Persian: مزرعه اب انجيره‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Āb Ānjīreh) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Miloševo (Cyrillic: Милошево) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Buczek [ˈbut͡ʂɛk] is a village in Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Buczek. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Łask and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 480.
 Now Deh-e Pasikhan (Persian: نوده پسيخان‎ also Romanized as Now Deh-e Pasīkhān) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 34 families.
 Lalinci is a village situated in Ljig municipality in Serbia.
 Nowopole [nɔvɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wietrzychowice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wietrzychowice 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Tarnów and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Czarnów [ˈt͡ʂarnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dąbrówka 19 km (12 mi) north of Wołomin and 37 km (23 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 150.
 Jasienica-Parcele [jaɕɛˈnit͡sa parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Andrzejewo 12 km (7 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 98 km (61 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 Räägu Pärnu County is a village in Sauga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Grzymysławice [ɡʐɨmɨswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Farrokhabad (Persian: فرخ اباد‎ also Romanized as Farrokhābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 114 families.
 Glogova is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina where on 8 May 1992 in the early days of the Bosnian War (1992–95) 65 Bosniak civilians were killed in a massacre ordered by Miroslav Deronjić President of the Bratunac Municipal Board of the Serbian Democratic Party (SDS) of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dhavaleshwar is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mahalingpur taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka. Dhavaleshwar is located on the bank of Ghataprabha river. The river bifurcates the Belgaum and Bagalkot districts. Just on the other side of the river there is one more village which is also known as Dhavaleshwar. This Dhavaleshwar belongs to Gokak Taluk of Belgaum district.
 Ovrin (Persian: اورين‎ also Romanized as Ovrīn Avarīn and Orīn) is a village in Hamedanak Rural District in the Central District of Baharestan County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9615 in 2340 families.
 Białka-Kolonia [ˈbjau̯ka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 149.
 Jagielno [jaˈɡʲɛlnɔ] (German: Deutsch-Jägel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Przeworno 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Strzelin and 56 kilometres (35 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chahar Afshar-e Sofla (Persian: چهارافشارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Chahār Afshār-e Soflá) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 37 families.
 Pasveh (Persian: پسوه‎ also Romanized as Pasevh and Pasooh; also known as Qal‘eh Paswah and Qal‘eh-ye Pasveh) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2977 in 515 families.
 Gonbad-e Pir Mohammad (Persian: گنبدپيرمحمد‎ also Romanized as Gonbad-e Pīr Moḩammad and Gonbad Pīr Moḩammad; also known as Emāmzādeh Pīr Moḩad Emāmzādeh Pīr Moḩammad Īmāmzādeh Pīr Mohad Īmamzade Pīr Mohan and Pīr Moḩammad) is a village in Chamzey Rural District in the Central District of Malekshahi County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1766 in 341 families.
 Matiaria is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Šalinac is a village in the municipality of Smederevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 985 people.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 32 families.
 Tur Gir (Persian: طورگير‎ also Romanized as Ţūr Gīr and Tūr Gīr; also known as Qal‘eh Tūr Gīr) is a village in Sang Sefid Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 918 in 232 families.
 Vazhichal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Allahabad-e Seyyed (Persian: اله ابادسيد‎ also Romanized as Allāhābād-e Seyyed) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 54 families.
 Czumsk Mały [ˈt͡ʂumsk ˈmawɨ] (German: Schummenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Rypin and 59 km (37 mi) east of Toruń.
 Soltaneb (Persian: سلطانب‎ also Romanized as Solţāneb; also known as Solţānābād and Sultānābād) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 24 families.
 Ryszki [ˈrɨʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Grójec and 45 km (28 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 140.
 Ruda-Czernik [ˈruda ˈt͡ʂɛrnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jeziorno [jɛˈʑɔrnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jedlińsk 21 km (13 mi) north of Radom and 72 km (45 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Poperczyn [pɔˈpɛrt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Żółkiewka 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Krasnystaw and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Myszki [ˈmɨʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kiszkowo 20 km (12 mi) west of Gniezno and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Florianowo [flɔrjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lubraniec 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 62 km (39 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.
 Runowo Sławieńskie [ruˈnɔvɔ swaˈvjɛɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Kobylnica 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Słupsk and 113 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gazuiyeh (Persian: گزوييه‎ also Romanized as Gazūīyeh; also known as Gazūyeh) is a village in Vahdat Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Azmanabad (Persian: ازمن اباد‎ also Romanized as Āzmanābād; also known as Ḩamzarābād) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1462 in 248 families.
 Chavor (Persian: چاور‎ also Romanized as Chāvor; also known as Chāveh Chīr Chūvīr Chuwir and Jāvor) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Janki [ˈjanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Szczawin Kościelny 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 92 km (57 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Rosenhill is a village in Karlskrona Municipality Blekinge County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 56 people.
 Stara Łomnica [ˈstara wɔmˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was part of Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kłodzko and 90 kilometres (56 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 800.
 Sarbia [ˈsarbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Duszniki 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wyszomierz Wielki [vɨˈʂɔmjɛʂ ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Zambrów and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mikołajew [mikɔˈwajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Smoliny [smɔˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiszyn within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lubiszyn and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Keşlitürkmenli is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Distance to Silifke is 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 85 kilometres (53 mi). The important archaeological site Neopolis is about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north of the village. The population of Keşlitürkmenli was 241 as of 2012. Main econoımic activity is farming.
 Feyzabad (Persian: فيض اباد‎ also Romanized as Feyẕābād and Faizābād; also known as Faiz Abadé Jarghooyeh) is a village in Ramsheh Rural District Jarqavieh Olya District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 30 families.
 Tang Gahrab (Persian: تنگ گهراب‎ also Romanized as Tang Gahrāb) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zhan (Persian: ژان‎ also Romanized as Zhān; also known as Zān and Zheyān) is a village in Bisaran Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 864 in 219 families.
 Shurghestan (Persian: شورغستان‎ also Romanized as Shūrghestān and Shūreghestān; also known as Shūreqestān and Shūrgistān) is a village in Karkas Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Drzewianowo [dʐɛvjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło nad Notecią County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Modzele [mɔˈd͡zɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Krasowo-Siódmaki [kraˈsɔvɔ ɕudˈmaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Inchekeh (Persian: اينچكه‎ also Romanized as Īnchekeh) is a village in Emam Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 31 families.
 Bình Châu is a commune (xã) and village in Xuyên Mộc District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Yurd Tall-e Janboli (Persian: يوردتل جنبلي‎ also Romanized as Yūrd Tall-e Janbolī) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Latergaz-e Sofla (Persian: لترگاز سفلي‎ also Romanized as Latergāz-e Soflá; also known as Latergāz) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 13 families.
 Kusaj Khalil (Persian: كوسج خليل‎ also Romanized as Kūsaj Khalīl Koosej Khalil and Kūsaj-e Khalīl; also known as Kūseh Khalīl Kūseh-ye Khalīl and Kūsh Khalīl) is a village in Almahdi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 75 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Bidestan (Persian: مزرعه بيدستان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bīdestān; also known as Bidestan) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Metohija Croatia is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D414 highway.
 Kalinowiec [kaliˈnɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Łochów 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Tolombeh-ye Chah Deraz Shomareh-ye Yek (Persian: تلمبه چاه درازشماره 1‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Chāh Derāz Shomāreh-ye Yek; also known as Kheyrollah Beyglarī (Persian: تلمبه چاه درازشماره خيراله بيگلري‎ is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Sitowa [ɕiˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Opoczno and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Joosu is a village in Laheda Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Kik is a small village in the Lovinac municipality in Lika–Senj County Croatia.
 Causey is a village in Roosevelt County New Mexico United States. The population was 52 at the 2000 census.
 Parzniewice Duże [paʐɲɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wola Krzysztoporska 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Fıstıklı is a village in the Armutlu district of the Yalova Province in Turkey.Fıstıklı is a coastal village located alongside the Armutlu–Gemlik highway. It is 8 kilometers from central Armutlu and 63 kilometers from the capital of the Yalova Province. The main sources of income for the village which lies on the coast of the Sea of Marmara are olive tree cultivation and fishing. Located in Fıstıklı are a village health clinic and an elementary school.
 Bhusafeda is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2024 people living in 450 individual households.
 Mlačište is a village in the municipality of Crna Trava Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 29 people.
 Gesvan-e Seh (Persian: گسوان سه‎ also Romanized as Geşvān-e Seh and Gaswané Seh; also known as Gīsovān-e Seh and Gīsvān-e Seh) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 6 families.
 Yardibi is a village in the Saimbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Złoty Potok [ˈzwɔtɨ ˈpɔtɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Leśna 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Lubań and 118 km (73 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Çatçat is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Khusheh Darreh (Persian: خوشه دره‎ also Romanized as Khūsheh Darreh) is a village in Saheb Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 54 families.
 Hopowo [xɔˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Somonino 9 km (6 mi) south of Kartuzy and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 346.
 Shirg-e Aqa (Persian: شيرگ اقا‎ also Romanized as Shīrg-e Āqā) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. As per the 2006 census its population is 383.
 Stare Morzyce [ˈstarɛ mɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Vatnebu is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Tag-e Oshtoran (Persian: تگ اشتران‎ also Romanized as Tag-e Oshtorān and Tak Oshtorān; also known as Tāgeshterow and Tagoshtorū) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 7 families.
 Çobankaya is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 302 people.
 Obrębizna [ɔbrɛmˈbizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Turek and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 195.
 Pistki [ˈpistki] (German: Pistken (1938-45:Kröstenwerder)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tavakkolabad (Persian: توكل اباد‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 12 families.
 Bărboieni is a commune in Nisporeni district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Bărboieni.
 Łebno [ˈwɛbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Szemud 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 974.
 Nõmmküla Saare County is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Konarnayi (Persian: كنارنايي‎ also Romanized as Konārnāyī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 29 families.
 Suchý Důl (German: Dörrengrund) is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Giławy [ɡiˈwavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Purda and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has now a population of 540.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia). and was called Gillau in German.
 Karsznice [karʂˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Małogoszcz 16 km (10 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 26 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hajji Yar (Persian: حاجي يار‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Yār) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 540 in 129 families.
 Akçakuzu is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 67 people.
 Bóbrka [ˈbubrka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorkówka within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Chorkówka 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Krosno and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.Bóbrka with the surrounding area from Krosno to Gorlice is among the oldest places where the roots of world oil industry started.
 Konin [ˈkɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Rank is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4442 people living in 665 individual households.
 Balkusan (formerly called Balgusan Balkasun) is a village in Ermenek district of Karaman Province Turkey. It is situated in a high plateau of the Taurus Mountains at 36°46′N 32°53′E. Distance to Ermenek is 22 kilometres (14 mi). The population of the town is 218 as of 2011. The origin of the village residents are Turkmens of Afshar tribe who had migrated from the Central Asia in the Medieval Age. The name of the village may refer to Balasagun a historical city in Kyrgyzstan.
 Kolthige or Koltige is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Puttur taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Rybionek [rɨˈbjɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Sochaczew and 65 km (40 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Qul Hajji (Persian: قول حاجي‎ also Romanized as Qūl Ḩājjī; also known as Qolhaji) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1160 in 252 families.
 Shindhogi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Balesin-e Sharifabad (Persian: بالسين شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Bālesīn-e Sharīfābād) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 57 families.
 Morzyce [mɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Hıdırlar Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Avdi (Persian: اودي‎ also Romanized as Āvdī) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 20 families.
 Baranlu (Persian: بارانلو‎ also Romanized as Bārānlū; also known as Bārā'lū) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Khosrowshahr District Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1169 in 299 families.
 Hasanabad-e Bam Furd (Persian: حسن ابادبمفورد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Bam Fūrd; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Khanamir (Persian: خان مير‎ also Romanized as Khānamīr and Khān Amīr) is a village in Yengejeh Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1803 in 449 families.
 Chwiram [ˈxfiram] (German: Quiram) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wałcz and 127 km (79 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 790.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.
 Brezova is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 482 people.
 Złochowice [zwɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Kłobuck and 76 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1283.
 Mässa is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Durak (Persian: دورك‎ also Romanized as Dūrak) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Alo Mohar also known as Allo Mahar Sharif is a village and union council of Daska Tehsil Sialkot District in Punjab Pakistan. The village is located at 32°23'60N 74°25'0E and lies located 8 km to the west of Daska and 15 km southwest of the district capital – Sialkot. It contains the shrines of many Islamic Naqshbandi saints of Allo Mahar.It is famous as it is birth place of prominent Islamic Naqshbandi saint Pir Syed Muhammad Channan Shah Nuri.
 Szwejki [ˈʂfɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sterdyń 17 km (11 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 98 km (61 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Ujazd [ˈujast] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciana within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Trzciana 18 km (11 mi) south of Bochnia and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 Sagharan-e Olya (Persian: ساغران عليا‎ also Romanized as Sāgharān-e ‘Olyā Sagharan Olya and Sāqarān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sāgharān-e Bālā Sāgharī-ye ‘Olyā Sāqarān Sāqarān-e Bālā Saran and Sāqerān-e Bālā) is a village in Abgarm Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 99 families.
 Achghunk (Persian: اچغونك‎ also Romanized as Āchghūnḵ) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 17 families.
 Änari is a village in Türi Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Maszków [ˈmaʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Oława and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kupich-e Sofla (Persian: كوپيچ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kūpīch-e Soflá) is a village in Shuy Rural District in the Central District of Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 69 families.
 Kadkhoda Hoseyn (Persian: كدخداحسين‎ also Romanized as Kadkhodā Ḩoseyn) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Kamieniec [kaˈmjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Topólka 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 64 km (40 mi) south of Toruń.
 Klusek [ˈklusɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Adiganahalli (Hunsur) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hunsur taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Piróg [ˈpiruk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Stromiec 10 km (6 mi) east of Białobrzegi and 65 km (40 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Dukkarwadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Żeliszew Duży [ʐɛˈliʂɛf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Kotuń 20 km (12 mi) west of Siedlce and 68 km (42 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Qodratabad (Persian: قدرت آباد‎ also Romanized as Qodratābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 22 families.
 Kyzyl-Suu (formerly known as Pokrovka) is a village in the Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan. About 10km inland from Lake Issyk Kul on the A363 highway between Jeti-Ögüz resort and Barskoon it is the capital of Jeti-Oguz District. At the head of the Chong Kyzyl-Suu ('little red water') valley it is a base for trekking into the 14000 foot mountains to the south. Kyzyl-Suu is named for the Kyzyl-Suu river that runs through it.
 Sheykh Hozur (Persian: شيخ حضور‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩoẕūr Sheikh Hozoor and Sheykh ’ozūr) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 93 families.
 Dorumlar Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Revsnes is a village in the municipality of Åfjord in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located on the mainland in northwestern Stoksund area of Åfjord. The village lies near the south end of the Stokkøy Bridge about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southeast of the village of Harsvika on the island of Stokkøya. Stoksund church is located in Revsnes.
 Brzostek [ˈbʐɔstɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Szczekociny 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 76 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Głębokie [ɡwɛmˈbɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Pruszcz Gdański and 9 km (6 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Przystajń [ˈpʂɨstai̯ɲ] is a village in Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przystajń. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of Kłobuck and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2283.
 Muger (Persian: موگر‎ also Romanized as Mūger) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Chociszewo [xɔt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciel within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Trzciel 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Międzyrzecz 44 km (27 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 427.
 Qaleh-ye Farhad Khan (Persian: قلعه فرهادخان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Farhād Khān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Farhād Khānād) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 97 families.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 20 families.
 Turig (3) (Persian: توريگ(3)‎ also Romanized as Tūrīg (3)) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 68 families.
 Kalgeh Borun (Persian: كلگه برون‎ also Romanized as Kalgeh Borūn) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 35 families.
 Gabrestan (Persian: گبرستان‎ also Romanized as Gabrestān; also known as Hejrat) is a village in Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 25 families.
 The village of Askaripur (Hindi: अस्करीपुर) is located in Bijnor District in Uttar Pradesh India between Noorpur and Moradabad. It is approximately 45 km from Bijnor. It is connected to these two cities by roadways. The nearest airport is at New Delhi about 150 km from Askaripur.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنتاباد‎) also Jannatābād is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wauwinet is a village in Nantucket Massachusetts United States. Its elevation is 3 feet (1 m). Named for an old local Indian chief it lies on the northeastern coast of Nantucket Island 4.7 miles (7.5 km) north-northwest of Siasconset. There is an upscale hotel and restaurant just north of the Gatehouse that features both harbor and oceanfront beach activities. Beyond Wauwinet is access by Four Wheel Drive only to Great Point lighthouse and Coatue.
 Stejanovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Стејановци) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ruma municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1020 people (2002 census).
 Karlakunta is a tiny village in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh located in the Guntur District in the mandal of Narasaraopet.
 Dęby Janiszewskie [ˈdɛmbɨ janiˈʂɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bid Zard (Persian: بيدزرد‎ also Romanized as Bīd Zard Bīdzard and Bid-i-Zard) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 23 families.
 Słopiec [ˈswɔpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Daleszyce and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 800.
 Kandsar-e Shekar Kesh (Persian: كند سر شكر كش‎) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 27 families.
 Bangin (Persian: بنگين‎ also Romanized as Bangīn; also known as Bangī Bankīn Banmakīn and Pan’gi) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 992 in 265 families.
 Małoszyce [mawɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Poświętne 20 km (12 mi) north of Opoczno and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Beyk (Persian: بيك‎ also Romanized as Bīk and Beyg) is a village in Takmaran Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 632 in 153 families.
 Karagi-ye Bala (Persian: كرگي بالا‎ also Romanized as Karagī-ye Bālā) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 26 families.
 Mutlu is a village in the District of Çelikhan Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Nes is a village in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the western shore of the Lustrafjorden about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of the municipal centre of Gaupne. The village sits along Norwegian County Road 55 which follows the coastline of the fjord. Nes Church is located in the village.
 Dęba [ˈdɛmba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ruda Maleniecka 12 km (7 mi) west of Końskie and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Seh Vatal (Persian: سه وتال‎ also Romanized as Seh Vatāl) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 42 families.
 Hasampura is a small village in Ajairajpura panchayat in Jaipur District in Rajasthan India.Its population is about 500.Most of them are farmers.There is a primary school and government milk dairy.
 Forshom (Persian: فرشم‎) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District Khoshk-e Bijar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 202 families.
 Tepelvälja is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kavindapadi is located in the Erode District of Tamil Nadu INDIA which is one of the major producers of sugar in India. It is also famous for its agriculture producing the lump sum amount of sugarcane and bananas to the people of Tamil Nadu. kavindapadi is located on the way of Erode to Sathyamangalam.Kavindapadi can be easily identified with Four Roads Junction on the way to Sathy from Erode.
 İğdeli is a village in the District of Sinanpaşa Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Al-Khayriyya (Arabic: الخيْريّة‎) was a Palestinian Arab village located 7.5 kilometers east of Jaffa. Its inhabitants fled in April 1948 as a result of a military assault by the Alexandroni Brigade of the pre-state Israeli forces during the 1948 Palestine war. The village lands would later be used by Israel as the Hiriya landfill.
 Alavil is a village near Kannur town in Kerala state South India. It is located on the route leading from Kannur town to Azhikode it serves as a shortcut way to Mangalore highway. It is about 5 kilometers from kannur.
 Corona is a village in Lincoln County New Mexico United States located on U.S. Route 54. The population was 165 at the 2000 census.Corona is the closest habitation to a purported UFO crash in 1947 about 30 miles (48 km) to the southeast.
 Abdolabad (Persian: عبدل اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdolābād; also known as ‘Abdollāhābād and ‘Abdulābād) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 87 families.
 Lukavica Rijeka (Cyrillic: Лукавица Ријека) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pae is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Põima is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kozińce [kɔˈʑiɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kumcuk is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 107 people.
 Yellur is a village in Udupi District in the state of Karnataka in India.Yellur and its surrounding places were acquired to set up a coal-based thermal power station the Udupi Power Plant.Set in Kudremukh National Park Yellur contains lush green vegetation forests and fertile crop fields.
 Kuty (Ukrainian: Кути) is a village (selo) in Brody Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Marwica Wielka [marˈvit͡sa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rychliki 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Koverdan (Persian: كوردان‎ also Romanized as Koverdān) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 48 families.
 Gecen is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1010 people.
 Røsvik or Røsvika is a village in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located along the southern shore of the Sørfolda fjord about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of the municipal centre of Straumen. Røsvik had 209 residents in 2007 but it has since fallen below 200. The village is home to a nursing home a psychiatric hospital and Røsvik Church.
 Katal Vasili (Persian: كتل ويسعلي‎ also Romanized as Katal Vasīlī) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 19 families.
 Zaniéna is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 174 square kilometers and includes ten villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 10038. The village of Zaniéna the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune is 83 km west of Sikasso.
 Wielopole [vjɛlɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuliszków within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Tuliszków 12 km (7 mi) west of Turek and 106 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 330.
 Koleh Digeh (Persian: كله ديگه‎ also Romanized as Koleh Dīgeh; also knowna s Kūleh Dīgeh) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 5 families.
 Khandaha is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3206 and had 659 houses in the town.
 Thirumeni is a village in Kannur district in the Kerala state of India.
 Sechna [ˈsɛxna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laskowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Laskowa 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Limanowa and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Stare [ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Wysoka 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Piła and 93 km (58 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 43 families.
 Bożepole Małe [bɔʐɛˈpɔlɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Boschpol) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Łęczyce 18 km (11 mi) west of Wejherowo and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 410.
 Valsøybotnen is a village in Halsa Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located at the end of the Valsøyfjorden about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south of the village of Hjellnes and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the municipal center of Liabøen. The area was once part of the old municipality of Valsøyfjord.
 Przeczów [ˈpʂɛt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Łubnice 18 km (11 mi) south of Staszów and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 313.
 Vaqfak (Persian: وقفك‎) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Wołodrza [vɔˈwɔdʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Kutno and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 150.
 Hesar-e Kushk (Persian: حصاركوشك‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Kūshk) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 44 families.
 Kyshlak is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Lah Frakh Melleh Namdaran (Persian: له فراخ مله نامداران‎ also Romanized as Lah Frākh Melleh Nāmdārān) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 16 families.
 Nunkajmy [nunˈkai̯mɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 15.
 Naqareh (Persian: نقاره‎ also Romanized as Naqāreh and Noqāreh) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 26 families.
 Dereüstü is a village in the District of Arhavi Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 164 people.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khaīrābād) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 654 in 124 families.
 Qaleh Joq-e Bozorg (Persian: قلعه جق بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Joq-e Bozorg and Qal‘eh Jaq-e Bozorg; also known as Qal‘eh Jūq-e Bozorg and Qal‘eh Joq-e Jadīd) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 12 families.
 Chauncey /ˈtʃænsi/is a village in Athens County Ohio United States. The population was 1049 at the 2010 census. The village is located near The Plains.
 Sohadawa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3099.
 Bogdan Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Drozdowo [drɔzˈdɔvɔ] (German: Drosedow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rymań 20 km (12 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 91 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 550.
 Tolombeh-ye Hajj Malek (Persian: تلمبه حاج ملك‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩājj Malek) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Deruk (Persian: دروك‎ also Romanized as Derūk) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 76 families.
 Bulinovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 194 people.
 Kaliska [kaˈliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Razun (Persian: رزون‎ also Romanized as Razūn; also known as Razān) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 13 families.
 Kalateh-ye Abdol (Persian: كلاته عبدل‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Abdol) is a village in Forumad Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 15 families.
 Lubno [ˈlubnɔ] (German: Lüben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Wałcz and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
 Stary Radziejów [ˈstarɨ raˈd͡ʑejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 49 km (30 mi) south of Toruń.
 Dzielice [d͡ʑɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozdrażew within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Rozdrażew 10 km (6 mi) north of Krotoszyn and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bobnice is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Roknabad (Persian: رکن آباد‎ also Romanized as Roknābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1025 in 256 families.
 Chapman is a village in Merrick County Nebraska United States. The population was 287 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Grand Island Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Książnik [ˈkɕɔ̃ʐnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Miłakowo 31 km (19 mi) north of Ostróda and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Qeshlaq-e Marshun (Persian: قشلاق مرشون‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Marshūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Laski [ˈlaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanów within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Bojanów 20 km (12 mi) south of Stalowa Wola and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mowtowr-e Hay-e Hur-e Olya (Persian: موتورهاي حورعليا‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hāy-e Ḩūr ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩūr-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 80 families.
 Chalcheraneh (Persian: چال چرانه‎ also Romanized as Chālcherāneh; also known as Chel Charāneh) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 17 families.
 Saunshi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kundgol taluk of Dharwad district in Karnataka.
 Zalewsze [zaˈlɛfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kodeń 38 km (24 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 99 km (62 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 17.
 Đa Phước is a rural commune (xã) and village of the An Phú District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Mazu Darreh (Persian: مازودره‎ also Romanized as Māzū Darreh) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 13 families.
 Sanjagan (Persian: سنجگان‎ also Romanized as Sanjagān Sanjegān Sanjgān Senjegān Senjgān and Sīnjgān) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 119 families.This village is known for its dam and historical area.
 Concord is a village in Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1050 at the 2010 census. The village is located at 42°10′40″N 84°38′35″W west of Spring Arbor Michigan.
 Tolombeh-ye Lutabad (Persian: تلمبه لوت اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Lūtābād; also known as Mīlād-e Yek (Persian: ميلاد1)) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Okrężnica [ɔkrɛ̃ʐˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ujazd [ˈujast] is a village in Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ujazd. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczyca within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Rzeczyca 25 km (16 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sar Gerik (Persian: سرگريك‎ also Romanized as Sar Gerīk and Sar Gerig) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Karaisa Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Jar (Persian: جار‎ also Romanized as Jār; also known as Jiyār and Jor) is a village in Keraj Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 185 families.
 Pir Khezran (Persian: پيرخضران‎ also Romanized as Pīr Kheẕrān) is a village in Kumasi Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 48 families.
 Safiabad (Persian: صفي اباد‎ also Romanized as Şafīābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 29 families.
 Kairady is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the Ayiloor gram panchayat.
 Eshaqabad (Persian: اسحاق آباد‎ also Romanized as Esḩāqābād and Esḩaqābād; also known as Eslḩāqābād and Ishāqābād) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 358 in 66 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājī Ābād) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 45 families.
 Madi Kalyanpur is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6598 people living in 1238 individual households.
 Tolombeh Khaneh-ye Shorket Nafat (Persian: تلمبه خانه شركت نفت‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh Khāneh-ye Shorket Nafat) is a village in Palangabad Rural District Palangabad District Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 23 families.
 Oshnuzang (Persian: اشنوزنگ‎ also Romanized as Oshnūzang and Oshnuzeng; also known as Oshnūrang and Shenow Zang) is a village in Lahijan Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 631 in 104 families.
 Zagajew [zaˈɡajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Warta 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 62 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kraczewice Rządowe [krat͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ʐɔnˈdɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Tavakkolabad-e Yek (Persian: توكل آباد1‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād-e Yek; also known as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 53 families.
 Gredele [ɡrɛˈdɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pokrzywnik [pɔˈkʂɨvnik] (German: Stangenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zgorzelec and 137 km (85 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Svirtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Kacevac (Cyrillic: Кацевац) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dryszczów [ˈdrɨʂt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Żmudź 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Chełm and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zarośle [zaˈrɔɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogóźno within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Rogóźno 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Grudziądz and 62 km (39 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 373.
 Piła [ˈpʲiwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Narol 17 km (11 mi) north of Lubaczów and 90 km (56 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Albolagh (Persian: البلاغ‎ also Romanized as Albolāgh; also known as Albolāg and ‘Alībulāgh) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 487 in 120 families.
 Kuchek Bardikor (Persian: كوچك بردئ كر‎ also Romanized as Kūcheḵ Bardikor; also known as Bardikor) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 34 families.
 Krubin [ˈkrubin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliszew within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wieliszew 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Legionowo and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Panbeh Zar Koti (Persian: پنبه زاركتي‎ also Romanized as Panbeh Zār Kotī; also known as Panbehdār Kotī Panbeh Dār Kotī Panbeh Zār Kotī and Panbehzar Koti) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 124 families.
 Mahniči (pronounced [ˈmaːxnitʃi]) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.The local church is dedicated to Saint Anthony the Hermit and belongs to the Parish of Štjak.
 Breivika or Breidvik (Statistics Norway calls it Småland) is a village in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the Trondheimsfjord in the northern part of Inderøy about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) northwest of the village of Gangstadhaugen. The 0.25-square-kilometre (62-acre) village has a population (2009) of 331. The population density of Breivika is 1324 inhabitants per square kilometre (3430 /sq mi).
 Paruszowice [paruʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Byczyna within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Byczyna 12 km (7 mi) north of Kluczbork and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Sarbia [ˈsarbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 38 km (24 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Goleshvar (Persian: گلشوار‎ also Romanized as Goleshvār and Golashvār) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 On the road from Yelvala of Mysore to K R Nagara at about 25 km away we find a village called Dodde Koppalu. Left side of this road falls to Hunsur taluk and the right side belongs to K R Nagara taluk. Take a right turn at this village and go ahead. After a hamlet and a grove you are able to see twin towers of a church at a distance.
 Vajihabad (Persian: وجيه اباد‎ also Romanized as Vajīhābād; also known as Darreh Rasūl and Darreh Sūl) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 13 families.
 Rzeczków-Kolonia [ˈʐɛt͡ʂkuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Żabno [ˈʐabnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Starogard Gdański and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 486.
 Dimbula is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kopanka [kɔˈpanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nannivala is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Challakere taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Val (Rychnov nad Kněžnou District) is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Cheshmeh Darreh-ye Amirabad (Persian: چشمه دره اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Darreh-ye Amīrābād; also known as Cheshmeh Darreh) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 26 families.
 Carnacon or Carrownacon (Irish: Ceathrú na gCon meaning Quarter of the Hounds) is a small village in central County Mayo in Ireland. It is situated about 12 miles (19 km) from Castlebar and is about 8 miles (13 km) from Claremorris and Ballinrobe. The 2006 National Census shows a population of 713 people and 255 houses respectively.
 Belvatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Qaderabad (Persian: قادر آباد‎ also Romanized as Qāderābād) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 36 families.
 Đakovići (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lülle is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Mogilno [mɔˈɡilnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Warta 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Sieradz and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cheshmeh-ye Mohammad Beygi Dam Run (Persian: چشمه محمدبيگي دم رون‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Moḩammad Beygī Dam Rūn) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 4 families.
 Erdan (Persian: اردان‎ also Romanized as Erdān and Ardān; also known as Ardun) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 31 families.
 Ahmadabad-e Olya (Persian: احمدابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Bālā) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Pokrzydowo [pɔkʂɨˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Zbiczno 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Brodnica and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 950.
 Toporzysko [tɔpɔˈʐɨskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jordanów within Sucha County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Jordanów 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Sucha Beskidzka and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Khomsar (Persian: خمسر‎; also known as Komsar) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 57 families.
 Cheshmeh Zangi (Persian: چشمه زنگي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Zangī) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 28 families.
 Sar Kamar (Persian: سركمر‎) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Badreh (Persian: بدره‎) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Hosein Abad Arzoo’eyeh and Ḩoseynābād-e Ārzū’īyeh) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 478 in 109 families.
 Mandagadde Bird Sanctuary is located near the little village Mandagadde which is 30 km from the Shimoga town in Shimoga district in the Indian state of Karnataka. It spans over an area of 1.14 acres and it is surrounded by dense forest and a river named Tunga. The river forms a little island which is famous for the migratory birds.
 Nyttingnes is a hamlet with 28 inhabitants and 9 houses in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. Nyttingnes is located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northwest of the village of Steinhovden and about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) across the fjord from the village of Brandsøy. The town of Florø lies about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the west although the road from Nyttingnes to Florø goes around the fjord via the village of Eikefjord (a 40-kilometre long drive).
 Cheshmeh Balutak (Persian: چشمه بلوطك‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Balūţak) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 12 families.
 Razbin (Persian: رازبين‎ also Romanized as Rāzbīn; also known as Razian) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1076 in 226 families.
 Borchów [ˈbɔrxuf] (Ukrainian: Борхів Borkhiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleszyce within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Oleszyce 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Lubaczów and 77 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mopa is a village in Pernem Goa in India. It is the site for a proposed second airport in Goa.
 Imanabad-e Sofla (Persian: ايمان آباد سفلي‎ also Romanized as Īmānābād-e Soflá) is a village in Iran located in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 8 families.
 Mir Omar (Persian: ميرعمر‎ also Romanized as Mīr ‘Omar) is a village in Qatur Rural District Qatur District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1114 in 176 families.
 Jatinga (Pron: ʤʌˈtɪŋgə or ʤæˈtɪŋgə ) a village on a ridge is located in Dima Hasao District Assam State in India. It is 330 km south of Guwahati. It is most famous for the phenomenon of birds “committing suicide”. Although the birds do not commit suicide and are actually killed the phenomenon of suicide has spread far and wide among common people. The village is inhabited by about 2500 Khasi-pnar tribal people and few Dimasa people.
 Khosrow Mireh (Persian: خسروميره‎ also Romanized as Khosrow Mīreh) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vidice (Kutná Hora District) is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Niedźwiedzkie [ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Szczuczyn 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qaleh Sheykhan (Persian: قلعه شيخان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sheykhān Qal‘eh Shaikhān and Qal‘eh-ye Sheykhān; also known as Sheykhān) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 52 families.
 Ćuštica is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 253 people.
 Bakka Bekka or Beka is a village and municipality situated 85 kilometres (53 mi) east of Beirut in the Rashaya District of the Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon.
 Mazraeh Deh Now Khalaj (Persian: مزرعه دهنوخلج‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh Deh Now Khalaj) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khiari (Persian: خياري‎ also Romanized as Khīārī and Khīyarī; also known as Aḩsham-e ‘Alī Aḩmad Kheyārī and Aḩsham-e ‘Alī Aḩmad Khīārī) is a village in Baghak Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 434 in 107 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Habib Sistani (Persian: تلمبه حبيب سيستاني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩabīb Sīstānī) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Krzywe [ˈkʂɨvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Wydminy 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 20.
 Seyfabad (Persian: سيف اباد‎ also Romanized as Seyfābād and Saifābād; also known as Sa‘īdābād) is a village in Ramand-e Shomali Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 878 in 249 families.
 Dehnowiyeh (Persian: دهنوئيه‎ also Romanized as Dehnowīyeh) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Ruh Bakhsh (Persian: مزرعه روح بخش‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Rūḥ Bakhsh) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nosów [ˈnɔsuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Waśniów 13 km (8 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 140.
 Taluri-ye Sofla (Persian: تلوري سفلي‎ also Romanized as Talūrī-ye Soflá and Telorī-ye Soflá; also known as Talūrī and Telorī) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1964 in 389 families.
 Rudna-Leśna [ˈrudna ˈlɛɕna] is a village and housing estate in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Sulików [suˈlikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Radków 13 km (8 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Stare Komaszyce [ˈstarɛ kɔmaˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Chah Mahku (Persian: چاه مهكو‎ also Romanized as Chāh Mahkū) is a village in Gohreh Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 28 families.
 Allah Vajeh Sar (Persian: لله وجه سر‎ also Romanized as Laleh Vajeh Sar and Laleh Vajh Sar; also known as Lāleh Bacheh Sar) is a village in Dehgah Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 528 in 163 families.
 Aliabad-e Seyyed Rahim (Persian: علي ابادسيدرحيم‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Seyyed Raḩīm) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 94 families.
 Annaberg is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Qaban Kandi (Persian: قبان كندي‎ also Romanized as Qabān Kandī) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 835 in 181 families.
 Sveti Kuzam is a village in Croatia.
 Bhutahi Paterwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3748 persons living in 739 individual households.
 Golegammana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pargitaguse is a village in Jõhvi Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located just southeast of the town of Jõhvi and northeast of Ahtme district of Kohtla-Järve. As of 1 January 2011 the settlement's population was 77.
 Layalestan (Persian: ليالستان‎ also Romanized as Layālestān Līālestān and Līyālestān; also known as Leyarestān Līārestān and Līarestān) is a village in Layalestan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1851 in 558 families.
 Hashemabad (Persian: هاشم اباد‎ also Romanized as Hāshemābād) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 13 families.
 Rača is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 672 people.
 Pierzchnia [ˈpjɛʂxɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Stara Błotnica 8 km (5 mi) south of Białobrzegi and 71 km (44 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Izadkhvast Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowy Głuchówek [ˈnɔvɨ ɡwuˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.It is located 3.5 km south of Rawa Mazowiecka and 64 km east of Łódź on the main Krakow road (route D726).It takes its name New Głuchówek from the neighbouring village of Głuchówek.
 Kiniki [kiˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Raciąż 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Lipno [ˈlʲipnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzówek within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dahaneh-ye Sar-e Sefidrud-e Kohneh (Persian: دهنه سرسپيدرودكهنه‎ also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Sar-e Sefīdrūd-e Kohneh; also known as Dahaneh Sar and Dahaneh-ye Sar-e Sefīdrūd) is a village in Dehgah Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 638 in 179 families.
 Harab (Persian: هراب‎ also Romanized as Harāb) is a village in Qurigol Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 68 families.
 Peleriyeh (Persian: پلريه‎ also Romanized as Pelerīyeh) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 21 families.
 Gheybi (Persian: غيبي‎ also Romanized as Gheybī; also known as Gheybī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 15 families.
 Layi Seran (Persian: لايي سران‎ also Romanized as Lāyī Serān) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karczyn [ˈkart͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kondratowice 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Strzelin and 37 kilometres (23 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Łojew [ˈwɔjɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łochów 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kuşluca (“(place) with birds”) a very small village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the high plateau of Toros Mountains at 36°52′N 34°06′E. Distance to Erdemli is 50 kilometres (31 mi) and to Mersin is 85 kilometres (53 mi). There are forests around the village and the village is named after the birdsongs from the forest. Up to 2005 Kuşluca was a hemlet. It still has a very low population. The settled (winter) population of Toros was only 34 as of 2012.
 Podłatki Duże [pɔdˈwatki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Stary Bubel [ˈstarɨ ˈbubɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Janów Podlaski 26 km (16 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 120 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Qom Tappeh (Persian: قم تپه‎; also known as Ghom Tppaeh Kum Tapa Kum Tepe Oom Tappeh Qūm Tapeh and Qūm Tappeh) is a village in Chelleh Khaneh Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 622 in 153 families.
 Nowe Bielice [ˈnɔvɛ bjɛˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Neu Beelitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Krzyż Wielkopolski 40 km (25 mi) west of Czarnków and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Szamów [ˈʂamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Witonia 16 km (10 mi) north of Łęczyca and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Turowola [turɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Puchaczów 5 km (3 mi) east of Łęczna and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Shir Habib (Persian: شيرحبيب‎ also Romanized as Shīr Ḩabīb; also known as Sar Ḩabīb) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Međureč is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 430 people.
 Kılıçlı is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Leonów [lɛˈɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kałuszyn 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 52 km (32 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Shah Morad (Persian: شاه مراد‎ also Romanized as Shāh Morād) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chhattiana is a village in the Giddarbaha tehsil of Sri Muktsar Sahib district in East Punjab (India).
 Artian (Persian: ارتيان‎ also Romanized as Artīān) is a village in Takab Rural District in the Central District of Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 100 families.
 Chovazhiyeh (Persian: چوواژيه‎ also Romanized as Chovāzhīyeh; also known as Chūzhāyeh and Chūzhīyeh) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 15 families.
 Miiaste is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Radomyśl [raˈdɔmɨɕl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wiśniew 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Siedlce and 96 km (60 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 483.
 Surak (Persian: سورك‎ also Romanized as Sūrak) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 84 families.
 Rebase is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia.
 Bogusław [bɔˈɡuswaf] (Ukrainian: Богуслав Bohuslav) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sangar (Persian: سنگر‎) is a village in Tajan Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1750 in 397 families.
 Esperanza (Spanish for Hope) sometimes referred as La Esperanza is a Cuban village and consejo popular (popular council i.e. hamlet) of the municipality of Ranchuelo in Villa Clara Province. With a population of 11555 it is the most populated village in the municipality after Ranchuelo.
 Ostrowąsy [ɔstrɔˈvɔ̃sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Barwice 23 km (14 mi) west of Szczecinek and 125 km (78 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Aimangala Hiriyur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hiriyur taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.Aimangala is the main access point for all the people travelling to chitradurga or hiryur. Buses going towards chitradurga and hiriyur stop here.
 Biernatka [bjɛrˈnatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Czarne 18 km (11 mi) west of Człuchów and 127 km (79 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 98.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت‌آباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 497 in 95 families.
 Qaleh-ye Najaf Ali Khan (Persian: قلعه نجفعلي خان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Najaf ‘Alī Khān) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 376 in 86 families.
 Ahnejat (Persian: اهنجت‎; also known as Ahnehjad) is a village in Anarestan Rural District Riz District Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Qeshlaq Amir Khanlu-ye Hajji Shakar (Persian: قشلاق اميرخانلوحاجي شكر‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq Amīr Khānlū-ye Ḩājjī Shakar; also known as Qeshlāq Amīr Khānlū-ye Ḩājj Shakar) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District Tazeh Kand District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 41 families.
 Chah-e Puzeh (Persian: چاه پوزه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pūzeh and Chāh Pūzeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Serkuh Shareh (Persian: سركوه شره‎ also Romanized as Serkūh Shareh; also known as Serkūh) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pir-e Konarak (Persian: پيركنارك‎ also Romanized as Pīr-e Konārak) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Deh-e Hoseyn (Persian: ده حسين‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩoseyn and Deh Ḩoseyn; also known as Deh-e Ḩasan and Deh Husain) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 20 families.
 Derkeh (Persian: دركه‎ also Romanized as Derkah and Darakeh; also known as Darakah-ye ‘Eyn ol Qās Darka and Perkeh) is a village in Sahneh Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 904 in 215 families.
 Gundlapochampalle or Gundla Pochampalli is a village in Medchal mandal of Rangareddi district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Tanina [taˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Herby within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Lubliniec and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 124.
 Baljev Dol is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 8 people. The village was larger until the unrest in the area following the dissolution of Yugoslavia forced many relations of big-serving tennis ace Ivo Karlović to flee the area.
 Qaleh Juq (Persian: قلعه جوق‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jūq; also known as Kaladzhukh Qal’eh and Qal‘eh Joq) is a village in Karasf Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 506 in 115 families.
 Chah-e Zardak (Persian: چاه زردك‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Zardaḵ) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 amongst 6 families.
 Mokronos Górny [mɔˈkrɔnɔs ˈɡurnɨ] (German: Oberhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 250.
 Madathara is a village located in Trivandrum District on Kerala.
 Isaluy-e Heydarlu (Persian: عيسي لوي حيدرلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Īsálūy-e Ḩeydarlū; also known as ‘Īsálū-ye Ḩeydarlū) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 26 families.
 Mazraat En Nahr also spelt Mazret Al Nahr Mazraat El Nahr or Mazraat Al Nahr; Arabic: مزرعة النهر‎ is a village located on the border line of the Zgharta District and the Bsharri District in the North Governorate of Lebanon. It is situated in the Valley of Qadisha which is considered a holy and spiritual place in Eastern Christianity.The Lebanese hailing from Mazraat En Nahr number 20000 worldwide. 98% of them live outside Lebanon mainly in Australia the United States and Canada.
 Tokey Banta is a village in the commune of Banikoara in the Alibori Department of northern Benin.
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nowe Rębieskie [ˈnɔvɛ rɛmˈbjɛskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Zduńska Wola and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pir Mikail (Persian: پيرميكاييل‎ also Romanized as Pīr Mīkā’īl; also known as Pīr Mekā’īl) is a village in the Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. As of the 2006 census its population was 111 in 17 families.
 Karalga is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Velihimmetli is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Posht-e Meleh Sangar (Persian: پشت مله سنگر‎) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 8 families.
 Aq Tappeh (Persian: اق تپه‎ also Romanized as Āq Tappeh and Āq Tepe; also known as Āq Tappeh-ye Nashr) is a village in Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Nikinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Никинци) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Ruma municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2216 people (2002 census).
 Kadatnal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Pavan (Persian: پاوان‎ also Romanized as Pāvān and Pāwān) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District Pish Khowr District Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 78 families.
 Pipalkot is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of mid western region Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1876 people living in 318 individual households.
 Kocakesik Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 295 people.
 Siedlec [ˈɕɛdlɛt͡s] (German: Zedlitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Długołęka and 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 1500.
 Lac-Saguay is a village municipality in Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality in the Laurentides region of Quebec Canada.
 Fenwick Settlement is an abandoned village in Perry County Missouri. The community was named after the Fenwick family who were early settlers on the left bank of the Mississippi River in the Spanish Illinois Country.
 Dasht-e Mil-e Olya (Persian: دشت ميل عليا‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Mīl-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Rostaq Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Nowy Młyn [ˈnɔvɨ ˈmwɨn] German Neumühle is a hamlet in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki (Gemeinde Klein Strehlitz) within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Strzeleczki 4 km (2 mi) south-west of Krapkowice and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Zarkam (Persian: زركام‎ also Romanized as Zarkām; also known as Zar Kalām) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 585 in 162 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Kelid Darreh (Persian: قشلاق كليددره‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Kelīd Darreh) is a village in Sahneh Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 16 families.
 Ganjehi-ye Kohneh (Persian: گنجه اي كهنه‎ also Romanized as Ganjeh’ī-ye Kohneh; also known as Ganjeh Ganjeh Kohneh Ganjeh-ye Kohneh and Kanjeh) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 812 in 168 families.
 Rzeczyn [ˈʐɛt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wolin 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Maktupur is a small village in North Gujarat West India. It is in Mehsana district. Maktupur is between the three cities of Patan (26 km west) Visanagar (28 km south-east) and Mahesana (25 km south).
 Bon-e Garekh (Persian: بن گرخ‎) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 10 families.
 Senjeduk (Persian: سنجدوك‎ also Romanized as Senjedūk Senjetūk and Senjedook; also known as Sinj Tūk) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Loopre is a village in Pajusi Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Moi is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Drenovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Дреновац) is a village in the municipality of Šabac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2345 people.
 Mironić (Serbian: Миронић) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 99 people.
 Sadłuki [saˈdwuki] (German: Sadluken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Mikołajki Pomorskie 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Sztum and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Varak (Persian: وارک‎ also Romanized as Vārak) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 8 families.
 Koteże [kɔˈtɛʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 443.
 Rashidabad (Persian: رشيداباد‎ also Romanized as Rashīdābād) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 27 families.
 Shakhtehlu (Persian: شخته لو‎ also Romanized as Shakhtehlū) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 6 families.
 Zargaran (Persian: زرگران‎ also Romanized as Zargarān) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1747 in 379 families.
 Dibekören is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Île-à-la-Crosse is a northern village located in the boreal forest of northwest Saskatchewan. Situated on a peninsula on the western shore of Lac Île-à-la-Crosse it is accessed by Highway 908 off of Highway 155. It is located within the Northern Saskatchewan Administration District.The Cree name for Île-à-la-Crosse is Sakittawak which means the place where the river flows out.
 Wiciejów [viˈt͡ɕejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 47 km (29 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Gowd-e Sorkh (Persian: گودسرخ‎ also Romanized as Gowd Sorkh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Uludam is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Enkakkad is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.It is a small village with beautiful nature.There are many temples like Shri Veeranimangalam templeShri Kovil etc. in this village.the famous temple Uthralikavu is situated in Enkakkad.It was famous for its pooram festival.In Enkakkadthere was many famous peoples like Bharathan K.P.S.E Lalitha oduvil unnikrishnan etc.
 Presjedovac (Cyrillic: Пресједовац) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Faj (Persian: فاج‎ also Romanized as Fāj) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 10 families.
 Mehmadpur (Hindi: महमदपुर) is a village on the banks of the Yamuna River off the Grand Trunk Road that runs from Amritsar to Delhi and further on to Kolkata.
 Perdue is a village in central Saskatchewan Canada approximately 60 km west of Saskatoon on Highway 14.
 Doumanani is a village and seat of the commune of Miria in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 68 km northwest of Sikasso.
 Darzi Mahalleh (Persian: درزي محله‎ also Romanized as Darzī Maḩalleh) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 41 families.
 Kirkersville is a village in Licking County Ohio United States along the South Fork of the Licking River. The population was 525 at the 2010 census.
 Yungpaw Ga is a river village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies to the northwest of Ningbau Ga.
 Hıdırlı is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Chwałowice [xfawɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Quallwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Jelcz-Laskowice 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Oława and 26 kilometres (16 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bigrenica is a village in the municipality of Ćuprija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 979 people.
 Wilamowice Nyskie [vilamɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈnɨskʲɛ] (German Winnsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Głuchołazy 12 km (7 mi) south of Nysa and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 224.
 Chenarlu (Persian: چنارلو‎ also Romanized as Chenārlū) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qaleqan (Persian: قالقان‎ also Romanized as Qāleqān and Qālqān; also known as Ghaleghan) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 67 families.
 Tavşancık is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Leicester is a village in Livingston County New York USA. The population was 468 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Leicester Phelps an early inhabitant.The Village of Leicester is located inside the Town of Leicester.
 Rabyně is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Shwedaung is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Margad Sar (Persian: مرگدسر‎ also known as Marg Sar) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 11 families.
 Duńkowice [duɲkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Дуньковичі Dun’kovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Radymno 17 km (11 mi) east of Jarosław and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Asmahur-e Sofla (Persian: اسماهورسفلي‎ also Romanized as Asmāhūr-e Soflá; also known as Esmāhūr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 23 families.
 Warężyn [vaˈrɛ̃ʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Siewierz 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Będzin and 21 km (13 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 152.
 Boduszyn [bɔˈduʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Niemce and 10 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pawlice [paˈvlit͡sɛ] (German: Hanswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Kwidzyn and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 404.
 Safiabad (Persian: صفي اباد‎ also Romanized as Şafīābād; also known as Sa‘īdābād and Seyfīābād) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 19 families.
 Karbalay Baqer Kandi (Persian: كربلاي باقركندي‎ also Romanized as Karbalāy Bāqer Kandī; also known as ʿAdal Kandī) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 52 families.
 Kannudaiyampalayampudur is a village situated in Erode Tamil Nadu India.
 Bostanabad (Persian: بستان اباد‎ also Romanized as Bostānābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 78 families.
 Niedźwiady [ɲed͡ʑˈvjadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Thegahi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2861 people living in 495 individual households.
 Tazehabad (Persian: تازه اباد‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 24 families.
 Bjorelvnes is a village in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. The village is located about 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) north of Finnsnes along the Gisundet strait directly across the strait from the village of Gibostad. The village of Langnes lies about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of Bjorelvnes. Lenvik Church is located in Bjorelvnes.
 Chah-e Aruj Ali Joghatayi (Persian: چاه عروج علي جغتايي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿArūj ʿAlī Joghatāyī) is a village in Joghatai Rural District in the Central District of Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 17 families.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kłodawa 18 km (11 mi) east of Koło and 136 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Borika (Serbian: Борика) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Aghoseh (Persian: اغصه‎ also Romanized as Āghoşeh and Agheşeh; also known as Aghoşbeh and A‘ẕeh) is a village in Arad Rural District Arad District Gerash County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 54 families.
 Nowshiravan (Persian: نوشيروان‎ also Romanized as Nowshīravān; also known as Anowshīravān) is a village in Ersi Rural District in the Central District of Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 66 families.
 Wiguhumpola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ayegan (Persian: ايگان‎ also Romanized as Āyegān) is a village in Adaran Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 59 families.
 Hajjilu (Persian: حاجيلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīlū; also known as Chājīlū Jajehloo Jājīlū Khojeli Khvājeh ‘Alī and Khvojehlī) is a village in Meshgin-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 52 families.
 Butlerville is a village in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio located in south central Harlan Township Warren County. The population was 163 at the 2010 census.
 Dubenec is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kisielew [kiˈɕɛlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Platerów 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Łosice and 124 km (77 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Danişment is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 154 people.
 Kagadal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Agarathirunallur is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Pekmezci is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Szántód is a village in Somogy county Hungary situated between Balatonföldvár and Zamárdi on the shore of the Lake Balaton. The village is famous for its ferry ferryboats the stunning view of Tihany from Szántód and the Szántódpuszta Tourist and Cultural Center which is a village museum (skanzen).It's just 13.4 km from Siófok the major town of the area 65.8 km from Kaposvár the capital of Somogy County and 117 km from Budapest the capital of Hungary.
 Çiçekli is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Çukurova (Cilicia) plains. It is to the south of Yenice and the state highway D.400. The distance to Tarsus is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) and Mersin is 42 kilometres (26 mi). The population of the village is 1270 as of 2011. The new Çukurova Airport is planned to be constracted near Çiçekli.
 Golina [ɡɔˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wołów and 40 kilometres (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Húsavík (Danish: Husevig) is an old village located on the east of the Isle of Sandoy in Húsavík Municipality Faroe Islands. In the center of Húsavík there is a ruin called ‘Heimi á Garði’. It is said to be the remains of a farm that was built by ‘Lady of the House in Húsavík'. She was a strict and wealthy lady who lived in the 14th century. She owned all the land in Húsavík and also had some properties in Norway. Legend has it that she buried two servants alive.
 Sõmeru (Kose) is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Grójec and 35 km (22 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Praha is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.Praha was founded by the Hussites in the 15th century the name obviously being inspired by the name of Prague the Czech capital. The Hussite tradition is also reflected on the coat of arms which shows the characteristic Hussite chalice.
 Chepeli (Ukrainian: Чепелі) is a village (selo) in Brody Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Yam (Persian: يام‎ also Romanized as Yām) is a village in Hesar Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1428 in 400 families.
 Terliczka [tɛrˈlit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebownisko within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Trzebownisko and 10 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Yazali is a small village located in the costal Guntur District of Andhra Pradesh India. The population was 3103 (2001 figures).[citation needed]
 Nubar (Persian: نوبر‎ also Romanized as Nūbar) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Liwki [ˈlifki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Uradeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Peron (sometimes spelled wrong as Pairon or Perron) is a village in Sardulgarh tehsil of Mansa district in East Punjab (India). The village falls under the market committee of Talwandi Sabo (Bathinda district).
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 31 families.
 Kesarkoppa is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Malhewa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vazhakkad is a village located on the bank of River Chaliyar Eranad Thaluk Malappuram district state of Kerala India. East and some north part of Vazhakkad boardering with River Chaliyar South Cheakode and Pulikkal Panchayaths and West Vazhayur Grama Panchayath.
 Siah Tir-e Pain (Persian: سياه تيرپائين‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Tīr-e Pā’īn; also known as Sīāh Tīr and Sīāh Tīreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 20 families.
 Panj Stareh (Persian: پنج ستاره‎ also Romanized as Panj Stāreh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Czernin [ˈt͡ʂɛrnin] (German: Zernin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dygowo 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Kołobrzeg and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 320.
 Dashti (Persian: دشتي‎ also Romanized as Dashtī) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 14 families.
 Meydan (Persian: ميدان‎ also Romanized as Meydān; also known as Mayāna) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 50 families.
 Skałka [ˈskau̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Piekoszów and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 Zębowo [zɛmˈbɔvɔ] (German Symbow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Kobylnica 10 km (6 mi) west of Słupsk and 114 km (71 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Florencja [flɔˈrɛnt͡sja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 El Khoubna (also written El Khobna) is a village in the commune of Taibet in Taibet District Ouargla Province Algeria. The village is located 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) northeast of Taibet and 33 kilometres (21 mi) east of Touggourt.
 Wrzelowiec-Kierzki [vʐɛˈlɔvjɛt͡s ˈkʲɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 60.
 Haripur is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6499 people living in 1240 individual households.
 Karaçayır Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Wola Raciborowska [ˈvɔla rat͡ɕibɔˈrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Kutno and 58 km (36 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Khvajeh Bachcheh (Persian: خواجه بچه‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Bachcheh and Khavājeh Bachcheh) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 52 families.
 Derak (Persian: دارك‎ also Romanized as Derāk and Dārak) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 18 families.
 Tang-e Kureh-ye Sofla (Persian: تنگ كوره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Kūreh-ye Sofla) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Shah Rahzan (Persian: شاهراه زن‎ also Romanized as Shāh Rāhzan; also known as Boneh-ye Shāh Rezā ‘Arab Bunneh Shāh Rahzan Arab and Shāh Rāzan) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 16 families.
 Jericho is a village in Chittenden County Vermont United States. The population was 1457 at the 2000 census.
 Gonarpura is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5421 people living in 1026 individual households.
 Kaleköy is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Mudirajupalem (Telugu: ముదిరాజుపాలెం) is a village located in Gannavaram mandal Krishna district Andhra Pradesh India. It is situated at approximately 8K.M distance north west from gannavaram town. Nearer villages for Mudirajupalem are Kondapavuluru Purushotha Patnam Gopavarapu Gudem and Surampalli. Paddy fields is major crop for this village. Here mangoes also are cultivated in summer. Mudirajupalem belongs to Kondapavuluru grama panchayithi.
 Dhool Khurd is one of the village of Gujrat Tehsil and Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is situated on the northeast of the Gujrat city on the road which goes from Gujrat to Dinga city. This village is almost 1 km away from Lahore-Islamabad G.T road right on the edge of Bhimber creek. The village got its name from the “Dhool” clan of Jatt’s.
 Koveyk-e Bala (Persian: كويك بالا‎ also Romanized as Koveyk-e Bālā) is a village in Jask Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 39 families.
 Bashqurtaran (Persian: باشقورتاران‎ also Romanized as Bāshqūrtārān and Bāsh Qūrtārān; also known as Bashgoor Taran and Bāsh Qūtrān) is a village in Mehraban-e Olya Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 54 families.
 Opoczki [ɔˈpɔt͡ʂkʲi] (German: Kleinottingen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 21 km (13 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 162.
 Hòa Lộc is a commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District Bến Tre Province Vietnam. The commune covers 13.32 km² with a population of 9159 (as of 1999) the population density of 688 inhabitants/km².
 Nandagaon is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Kozolin [kɔˈzɔlin] is a village within the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż in Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship located in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Raciąż 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Bielany [bjɛˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Raciąż 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 95 km (59 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Deževci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the Brestovac municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 169. The village is connected by the D38 state road.
 Shahrsazi-ye Dargar (Persian: شهرسازي درگر‎ also Romanized as Shahrsāzī-ye Dargar) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 47 families.
 Łużyce [wuˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is the part of Dziecinów village Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sobienie-Jeziory 16 km (10 mi) south of Otwock and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Miyan Kaleh Rural District in the Central District of Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 57 families.
 Okniny-Podzdrój [ɔkˈninɨ ˈpɔd͡zdrui̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Panchalankurichi is a small but historic village 3 km from Ottapidaram and 18 km from Thoothukudi in Thoothukudi district Tamil Nadu India. Panchalankurichi was once a Palayam and is best known as the birthplace of Veerapandiya Kattabomman a 18th-century Palayakarrar ('Polygar') who opposed the British colonial rule in India and their Tax collecting methods.
 Bitkowo [bitˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Gołdap and 142 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ahuravak (Persian: اهوروك‎ also Romanized as Āhūravak) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 18 families.
 Erenköy is a village in the District of Murgul Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 184 people.
 Dereköy is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 282 people.
 Chadalada is a south Indian village in Peddapuram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Taşdeğirmen Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Boże [ˈbɔʐɛ] (German: Bosemb) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Mrągowo and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Govedovići (Trnovo) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hadi Khani (Persian: هادي خاني‎ also Romanized as Hādī Khānī; also known as Jahādābād) is a village in Julaki Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 439 in 75 families.
 Krzecze [ˈkʂɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Goniądz 14 km (9 mi) north of Mońki and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 150.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 107 families.
 Stary Zambrzyków [ˈstarɨ zamˈbʐɨkuf] is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 200. In the village is Voivodship Road 801. From 1975 to 1998 village was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sobienie-Jeziory 24 km (15 mi) south of Otwock and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Patalekhet is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3516 in 621 individual households.
 Dziewin [ˈd͡ʑevin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drwinia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Drwinia 11 km (7 mi) north of Bochnia and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Bereket is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°21′N 33°15′E it is situated in the mountainous area to the west of Gülnar. The distance to Gülnar is 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) and to Mersin is 176 kilometres (109 mi) . The population of Bereket is 447 as of 2011.
 Hashemabad (Persian: هاشم اباد‎ also Romanized as Hāshemābād; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 79 families.
 Esna is a village in Kareda Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Shahrak-e Qods (Persian: شهرك قدس‎) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1416 in 248 families.
 Hasan Kandi (Persian: حسن كندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Kandī) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 54 families.
 Kacha-ye Chahardeh (Persian: كاچاچهارده‎ also Romanized as Kāchā-ye Chahārdeh; also known as Kāchā Kachan Kacheh Kācheh Kajjeh and Kāshā) is a village in Chahardeh Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 964 in 329 families.
 Foshuta [fɔsˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Stara Kiszewa 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 133.
 Uciekajka [ut͡ɕeˈkai̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ludwin 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Łęczna and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dorsze [ˈdɔrʂɛ] (German Dorschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kalinowo 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Ełk and 141 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 100.
 Mumej Kheyl (Persian: مومج خيل‎ also Romanized as Mūmej Kheyl and Mowmj-e Kheyl; also known as Mamaj Kheyl Momjeh Kheyl Mumejeheil and Mumejekhel) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 76 families.
 Palučci is a village in the municipality of Drvar Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Przyczyna Dolna [pʂɨˈt͡ʂɨna ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Gerdab-e Piazi (Persian: گرداب پيازي‎ also Romanized as Gerdāb-e Pīāzī; also known as Khorshevā Par-e Ja‘far and Par-i-Ja‘far) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 13 families.
 Kotla Faqir is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil and is located at 32°54'0N 73°41'0E with an altitude of 218 metres (718 feet).
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Asiab-e Yahayi (Persian: اسياب يحيي‎ also Romanized as Asīāb- Yaḥayī) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Puiatu is a village in Imavere Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Samukalan is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Kolijeh (Persian: كليجه‎ also Romanized as Kolījeh; also known as Kolīcheh) is a village in Atrak Rural District Dashli Borun District Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 86 families.The population of Kolijeh are Turkmen village. The village is located on the Atrek River. Kolijeh means black ash places. Most of the people work in agriculture with important products including barley wheat cattle sheep and camels.
 Anbardan (Persian: انباردان‎ also Romanized as Anbārdān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Domanice [dɔmaˈnit͡sɛ] (Kashubian: Domanice) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland on the border with West Pomeranian Voivodeship. It lies approximately 44 kilometres (27 mi) south-west of Bytów and 120 km (75 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 88.
 Deh-e Kabud (Persian: ده كبود‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kabūd and Deh Kabūd) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 433 in 96 families.
 Kulaku (Persian: كولكو‎ also Romanized as Kūlakū; also known as Kallūkī Koolookoo Kor Koh Kor Kūh Kūlkūh Kūlūkū and Kūlū Kūh) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 55 families.
 Proboszczowice [prɔbɔʂt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Warta 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tłubice [twuˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bielsk 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Płock and 98 km (61 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Davaran (Persian: داوران‎ also Romanized as Dāvarān) is a village in Hombarat Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 14 families.
 Laskowice [laskɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lubrza 9 km (6 mi) east of Prudnik and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nowy Targ [ˈnɔvɨ ˈtark] (New Market) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stary Targ 11 km (7 mi) east of Sztum and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 471.
 Mazraeh-ye Alavi (Persian: مزرعه علوي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ʿAlavī) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Agarathur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu.
 Głobino [ɡwɔˈbinɔ] (German Gumbin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 100 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area around Słupsk where the village is located was part of Germany.
 Lądek [ˈlɔndɛk] (German Landau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Bisztynek 23 km (14 mi) south of Bartoszyce and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Salami Rural District Salami District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 826 in 173 families.
 Khankhaneh (Persian: خنخنه‎; also known as Khal Khāneh Khalkhāneh and Khel Khāneh) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 82 families.
 Boucott-Diembéring is a village in the rural community of Diembéring Cabrousse Oussouye Ziguinchor Casamance.
 Janin [ˈjanin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 Veshmeh Sara (Persian: وشمه سرا‎ also Romanized as Veshmeh Sarā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1213 in 308 families.
 Otacı Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Jesenice (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kändliku is a village in Käru Parish Rapla County in western-central Estonia.
 Çağlan is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province Turkey. It is situated in the western slopes of the mountainous area. The population of the village is 169 as of 2011.
 Kelil (Persian: كليل‎ also Romanized as Kelīl) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Kerogan (Persian: كروگان‎ also Romanized as Kerūgān; also known as Gerūkān Karūkān and Kerūkān) is a village in Jasb Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 65 families.
 Sidorówka [ɕidɔˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Głobica [ɡwɔˈbit͡sa] (German: Glabitsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1793 the area was part of Royal Prussia in 1793-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 the Free City of Danzig 1939-45 Germany.
 Azarshahr Railway Station (Persian: ايستگاه راه اهن اذرشهر‎ – Īstgāh Rāh Ahan-e Āẕarshahr) is a railway station and village in Dastjerd Rural District Gugan District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Alur (K.M.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Ardakan (Persian: اردكان‎ also Romanized as Ārdakān) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 66 families.
 Śmiechowice [ɕmjɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lubsza 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Brzeg and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Fardisya was a Palestinian Arab hamlet in the Tulkarm Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 1 1948 under Operation Coastal Clearing. It was 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) south of Tulkarm. Fardisya was mostly destroyed with the exception of a single deserted house.The Crusaders referred to Fardisya as Phardesi.In 1945 the village had a population of 20. The moshav Sha'ar Efraim was established on some of Fardisya's lands.
 Shah Niaz (Persian: شاه نياز‎ also Romanized as Shāh Nīāz) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Doljani (Hadžići) is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gorzykowo [ɡɔʐɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Witkowo 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Gniezno and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Farrokhabad (Persian: فرخ اباد‎ also Romanized as Farrokhābād) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Sheykhiabad-e Olya (Persian: شيخي آباد عليا‎ also Romanized as Sheykhīābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sheykhābād-e ‘Olyā and Sheykhīābād-e Bālā) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 41 families.
 Powidz [ˈpɔvit͡s] is a village in Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Powidz. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Słupca and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 1000.Powidz gives its name to the protected area called Powidz Landscape Park.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Qal‘eh-e Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 61 families.
 Ajami (Persian: عجمي‎ also Romanized as ‘Ajamī) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 39 families.
 Kabakum is a village in Dikili district of İzmir Province Turkey. It is at the north of Dikili. Distance to Dikili is 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) and to Aegean coast is 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) The population of the village is 1478 as of 2011.
 Jamnice is a village in the municipality of Stěbořice in the Opava District located about 2.5 km northwest of Stěbořice. In 2009 there were 70 registered addresses. In 2001 there were 251 permanent inhabitants.
 Afghan Refugee Camp (Persian: اردوگاه افغاني‎ – Ārdūgāh-e Āfghānī) is a village and refugee camp in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3727 in 649 families.
 Mowtowr-e Zaman Rigi (Persian: بمپور زمان ريگي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Zamān Rīgī) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ljekova (Cyrillic: Љекова) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowki [ˈnɔfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bliżyn 18 km (11 mi) west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Aliabad-e Dutu (Persian: علي اباددوتو‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Dūtū; also known as ‘Alīābād Alīābād-e Dotū and ‘Alīābād-e Now) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 76 families.
 Mogowo [mɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Nasielsk 16 km (10 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 42 km (26 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 600.
 Chaurikharka is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2422 people living in 502 individual households.
 Poniatówek [pɔɲaˈtuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Blagojevići (Cyrillic: Благојевићи) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bytyń [ˈbɨtɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Tuczno 16 km (10 mi) west of Wałcz and 112 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Kolongo or Kolongo Tomo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 484 square kilometers and includes 37 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 37648. The village lies on the Fala de Boky-Wéré an ancient branch of the Niger River that now forms part of the irrigation system of the Office du Niger.
 Rudnia [ˈrudɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Kani Chay (Persian: كاني چاي‎ also Romanized as Kānī Chāy; also known as Kānī Chā’ī) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 26 families.
 Kasavanoor is a village in Vedurukuppam Mandal Chittoor district Andhra Pradesh India. Residents are mainly dependent on agriculture. The main crops are sugar cane rice and ground nut.
 Mardavi (Persian: مردوئ‎ also Romanized as Mardavī; also known as Ḩardavī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Alimabad (Persian: عليماباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīmābād; also known as Ḩalīmābād) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 101 families.
 Ergin is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Héléindjé-Salimani-Zounda is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1157.
 Manayaveli (Tamil: மனையாவளி) is a village administrative division in Trincomalee Town and Gravets in Trincomalee Sri Lanka. As of 2005 Manyaveli consists of 1176 families with 5689 members.
 Szczekarków-Kolonia [ʂt͡ʂɛˈkarkuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Lake Hallie is a village in Chippewa County Wisconsin United States. It was incorporated from part of the Town of Hallie on February 18 2003. The 2010 census put the village's population at 6448.
 Falconer is a village in Chautauqua County New York United States. The population was 2420 at the 2010 census.The Village of Falconer is within the Town of Ellicott. Falconer is on the eastern edge of the City of Jamestown New York.
 Ottersøya is a village in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located at the southwestern end of the Kvingra peninsula just across the Nærøysundet from Rørvik. It is much closer to Rørvik (in Vikna) than to its own municipal centre Kolvereid. The village of Torstad lies about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of Ottersøya. In 2001 it had about 250 inhabitants. Just south of Ottersøya village lie the Marøysund Bridge and Nærøysund Bridge which connect Nærøy to Vikna.
 Paprotnia [paˈprɔtɲa] is a village in Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Paprotnia. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 101 km (63 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Lakhanpur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3285 people living in 547 individual households.
 Salehiyeh (Persian: صالحيه‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩīyeh) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 38 families.
 Derow (Persian: درو‎; also known as Dehru) is a village in Shahrud Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 567 in 202 families.
 Dobrzewino [dɔbʐɛˈvinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Szemud 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Wejherowo and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 863.
 Sheykh Kanlu (Persian: شيخكانلو‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Kānlū) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District Bajgiran District Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 26 families.
 Bowerston is a village in Harrison County Ohio United States. The population was 398 at the 2010 census.
 Wilczkowice Dolne [vilt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Łęczyca and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stemplew [ˈstɛmplɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Świnice Warckie 21 km (13 mi) west of Łęczyca and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kalan (Persian: كلان‎ also Romanized as Kalān) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 17 families.
 Garsaman-e-Bala (Persian: گرسمان بالا‎ also Romanized as Garsāmān-e-Bālā Garsaman Bala and Garsemān-e Bālā) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 54 families.
 Opactwo [ɔˈpat͡stfɔ] (Abbey ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.It lies on the national road 48 approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Sieciechów 15 km (9 mi) east of Kozienice and 91 km (57 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The name of the village comes from the name of the Benedictine Abbey.Monastery located in Opactwo was founded by the Benedictine brought by Sieciech from Provence.
 Pleak is a village in Fort Bend County Texas within the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area. The community is located on Texas State Highway 36 south of Rosenberg. The population was 1044 at the 2010 census.
 Smużyk [ˈsmuʐɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Krzęcin 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jamune Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8326 people living in 1570 individual households.Jamune Village Development Committee is mostly popular for oranges. Lots of people are involved in orange farming.
 Valgu is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Pierocice [pjɛrɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Kannadi-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Together with Kannadi-II it forms a part of the Kannadi gram panchayat.
 Lipovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Липовица) is a village in Despotovac municipality in the Pomoravlje District of Serbia.
 Markowa [marˈkɔva] (Ukrainian: Маркова Markova) is a village in Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Markowa. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 miles) south-east of Łańcut and 22 kilometres (14 miles) east of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 4100; it was founded in 14th century as Markhof by the descendants of Germans colonists.
 Kastolatsi is a village in Otepää Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It has a population of 65 (as of 7 February 2008).
 Kalinowo [kaliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 98 km (61 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kaneshkin (Persian: كنشكين‎ also Romanized as Kaneshkīn Kaneshgīn and Kanishkīn; also known as Kereshkin Kashgīn and Kīshkīn) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1705 in 387 families.
 Chomęciska Duże-Kolonia [xɔmɛnˈt͡ɕiska ˈduʐɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Linwood is a village in Butler County Nebraska United States. The population was 88 at the 2010 census.
 Posht Tang-e Kordali (Persian: پشت تنگ كردعلي‎ also Romanized as Posht Tang-e Kord‘alī; also known as Posht Tang and Qarīyeh-ye Posht Tang) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 14 families.
 Vele Polje is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Kushk Darreh (Persian: كوشك دره‎ also Romanized as Kūshk Darreh; also known as Kūshkdarreh) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 48 families.
 Wojciechów [vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕexuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Namysłów and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 327.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقراباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād and Baqerābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Seyyed Jalal (Persian: محمدابادسيدجلال‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Seyyed Jalāl) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Kännuküla is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Jagatpur is a Village Development Committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3699 people residing in 662 individual households.
 Garlica Murowana [ɡarˈlit͡sa murɔˈvana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 330.
 İpekköy is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Choqa Salman-e Olya (Persian: چقاسلمان عليا‎ also Romanized as Choqā Salmān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Choqā Salmān-e Bālā) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khuyeh (Persian: خويه‎ also Romanized as Khūyeh and Khooyeh; also known as Khūyeh Pā’īn and Khūyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 855 in 142 families.
 Durag-e Atabak (Persian: دورگ اتابك‎ also Romanized as Dūrag-e Ātābak; also known as Dūrakātābak and Dowrak) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 15 families.
 Burunköy is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is a mountain village at 36°44′N 33°23′E on the state highway D.715 which connects Mut and Silifke to Central Anatolia . The distance to Mut is 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) and to Mersin is 175 kilometres (109 mi). Population of Burunköy was 294 as of 2011.
 Los Molinos is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Hałdrychowice [xau̯drɨxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Międzybórz 27 kilometres (17 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 51 kilometres (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Rud Moshk (Persian: رودمشك‎ also Romanized as Rūd Moshk Rood Moshk Rūd-e Moshk and Rūdmeshk; also known as Rūdi Mushk Rūd Moshg and Meshk) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 45 families.
 Kaceřov (Sokolov District) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 5.72 km² and as of 2006 it had a population of 437 .
 Poovanam (Tamil: ) is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India. It is located in the southern part of the district. It is a peaceful village situated in the Cauvery delta.East area of Poovanam is called Keezhapoovanamand west side area called as Melapoovanam.
 Jagodići is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowa Kaźmierka [ˈnɔva kaʑˈmjɛrka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocz within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Burbur-e Olya (Persian: بوربورعليا‎ also Romanized as Būrbūr-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 33 families.
 Ciężkowiczki [t͡ɕɛ̃ʂkɔˈvit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Żytno 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 98 km (61 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Azizabad (Persian: عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zarrinabad (Persian: زرين اباد‎ also Romanized as Zarrīnābād) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 16 families.
 Wola Skorzęcka [ˈvɔla skɔˈʐɛnt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Gniezno and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Radomirka [radɔˈmirka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Szumiłowo [ʂumiˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Radzyń Chełmiński 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Grudziądz and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Zielone Królewskie [ʑɛˈlɔnɛ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Suwałki and 108 km (67 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Natalin [naˈtalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Klosnowo [klɔsˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 96 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 183.
 Fıstıklı is a village in the Kâhta district of the Adıyaman Province in Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 175 people.
 Fastaq (Persian: فستق‎) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 67 families.
 Nowshad (Persian: نوشاد‎ also Romanized as Nowshād) is a village in Korani Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 44 families.
 Kandanur is a panchayat town in Karaikudi taluk Sivaganga district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Räsna is a village in Tapa Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Khvajeh Vali-ye Sofla (Persian: خواجه ولي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Valī-ye Soflá; also known as Khvājeh Valī-ye Pā’īn and Khājeh Valī-e Pā’īn) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 20 families.
 Posht Ab (Persian: پشت اب‎ also Romanized as Posht Āb) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pa Ab-e Shelal (Persian: پاابشلال‎ also Romanized as Pā Āb-e Shelāl; also known as Shalāl) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 62 families.
 Loni Haveli is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Kusin [ˈkuɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Karnice 17 km (11 mi) north of Gryfice and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Alkara is a small village in the Barnala district in the state of Punjab India.
 Bheemadevarpalle is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Mohiset is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ostrów [ˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sulęcin 36 km (22 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 340.
 Acharadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 La Liguria is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Homaabad-e Sofla (Persian: هماابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Homāābād-e Soflá; also known as Hamābād-e Soflá Homāābād-e Pā’īn Homābād Homābād-e Pā’īn Homābād-e Soflá and Homabad Sofla) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nalegaon is a village it is a well marketed place. Here we found various places of religious importance the temples like Mahadev Mandir Balaji Mandir Siddheshwar mandir Ganesh mandir Datta mandir Khandoba mandir etc and one of the oldest mosque (masjid-e-sara) of around 1500 A.D.
 Tolombeh-ye Banan (Persian: تلمبه بنان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Banān; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Banān) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lagje e Re is a village in the municipality of Ndroq in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Panamattom or Panamattam is a large village in Kerala India a part of Kottayam district. It is located in Kanjirappally Taluk. Ponkunnam Kanjirappally and Pala are nearby places of Panamattom. This place is famous for its fertile land and also rubber plantations. The main village Panchayat is Elikkulam Panchayat. This village is also called God's own village.
 Qezeljeh (Persian: قزلجه‎; also known as Ghezeljeh Hajebloo Qīzīljāh and Qīzīljeh) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 946 in 215 families.
 Haramlu (Persian: حراملو‎ also Romanized as Ḩarāmlū) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 44 families.
 Wyspa [ˈvɨspa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Zawichost 13 km (8 mi) north of Sandomierz and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Ochodza [ɔˈxɔd͡za] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Dębnica Kaszubska 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 86 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 60.
 Clogherhead (Irish: Ceann Chlochair) is a fishing village in County Louth Ireland. Located in a picturesque natural bay on the East Coast it is bordered by the villages of Annagassan to the north and Termonfeckin to the south. with an administrative population per the 2011 Census of 3026 it is in the townlands of Clogher and Callystown about 12 km (7 mi) northeast of Drogheda. As a seaside village its main industries are fishing and farming.
 Epuyén is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Emamzadeh Shah Gheyb (Persian: امامزاده شاه غيب‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Shāh Gheyb) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Jahanqoli Jafari (Persian: تلمبه جهانقلي جعفري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Jahānqolī Ja‘farī) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Halqeh Basteh (Persian: حلقه بسته‎ also Romanized as Ḩalqeh Basteh) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 28 families.
 Lovčić is a village in municipality of Brodski Stupnik in the central part of Brod-Posavina County.
 Ataabad (Persian: عطااباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Aţāābād; also known as Gāvzan-e Torkaman) is a village in Aq Altin Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4526 in 943 families.
 Gun Dughdi (Persian: گوندوغدي‎ also Romanized as Gūn Dūghdī and Gūndūghdī) is a village in Sahandabad Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 39 families.
 Kuujjuaq (Inuktitut: ᑰᔾᔪᐊᖅ) is the largest northern village (Inuit community) in Nunavik Quebec Canada with a population of 2375 as of the Canada 2011 Census. It is the administrative capital of the Kativik Regional Government and lies on the western shore of the Koksoak River.Kuujjuaq previously was known as Fort Chimo.
 Masihat Mahd al Hayl is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Zak (Persian: زاك‎ also Romanized as Zāk) is a village in Darzab Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1095 in 276 families.
 Beden is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Vamanapuram is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Dolayüz is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 231 people.
 Ożumiech [ɔˈʐumjɛx] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 106 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Strzelce [ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Domaszowice 11 km (7 mi) east of Namysłów and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kariz-e Diklan (Persian: كاريزديكلن‎ also Romanized as Kārīz-e Dīklan; also known as Kāvīz-e Dīklan and Dīglān) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Dragotina is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D6 highway.
 Wojciechowo [vɔi̯t͡ɕeˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Jaraczewo 14 km (9 mi) west of Jarocin and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zborczyce [zbɔrˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wieliczka and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Saravakota is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Čeljadinići is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Grójec and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Łapy-Szołajdy [ˈwapɨ ʂɔˈwai̯dɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 483.
 Sapieniec [saˈpjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze in Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Al-Majdal (Arabic: المجدل‎ tower also transliterated Majdal Majdil and Mejdel) was a Palestinian Arab village located on the western shore of the Sea of Galilee (200 meters (660 ft) below sea level) 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Tiberias and south of Khan Minyeh. It is identified with the site of the ancient town of Magdala reputed to be the birthplace of Mary Magdalene.
 Shurjeh (Persian: شورجه‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yaliwal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kundgol taluk of Dharwad district in Karnataka.
 Mazraeh-ye Darishak (Persian: مزرعه دريشك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Darīshak) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dadakot is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1871 people living in 327 individual households.
 Kimalu (Persian: كيمالو‎ also Romanized as Kīmālū) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 21 families.
 Gökçeyaka is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Czarnopole [t͡ʂarnɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Dobków [ˈdɔpkuf] (German: Klein Helmsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Świerzawa 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Złotoryja and 78 kilometres (48 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Shah-e Shahidan (Persian: شاه شهيدان‎ also Romanized as Shāh-e Shahīdān and Shāh Shahīdān; also known as Shahīdān) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 30 families.
 Jovestan (Persian: جوستان‎ also Romanized as Jovestān Joīstān Jowestān and Jowstān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 125 families.
 Derczewko [dɛrˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Poduru (Telugu: పోడూరు) is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. In Telugu it means Little forest as it used to a forest before it was cleared for cultivation. The main occupation is paddy cultivation; others include weaving and tailoring.
 Kołbiel [ˈkɔu̯bjɛl] is a village in Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kołbiel. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Otwock and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 2100.
 Mulamkuzhi (Malayalam:മുളംകുഴി) is a tourist place of Kerala that situated in Ernakulam district and near the place of Malayattur. It is one of the place of waterfall in South India. The Mulamkuzhi waterfall that join from Periyar river. This place is a ward under in the Malayattur-Neeleeswararam Gramapanchayath and Aluva block Panchayath.
 Olszewice [ɔlʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kałuszyn 16 km (10 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 55 km (34 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Selagama Colony is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ghazaviyeh-ye Bozorg (Persian: غزاويه بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Ghazāvīyeh-ye Bozorg and Ghazaviyehe Bozorg; also known as Ghazāvīyeh-ye Seh and Qal‘eh) is a village in Muran Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1175 in 217 families.
 Julianów [juˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Fałków 28 km (17 mi) west of Końskie and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Skarszyn [ˈskarʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 230.
 Długowizna [dwuɡɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rząsiny [ʐɔ̃ˈɕinɨ] (German: Welkersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfów Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gryfów Śląski 11 km (7 mi) west of Lwówek Śląski and 112 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Çukurbük is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 462 people.
 Elżbieta-Kolonia [ɛlʐˈbjɛta kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 124.
 Faliszew [faˈliʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Przedbórz 35 km (22 mi) east of Radomsko and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Balaghab (Persian: بلغاب‎ also Romanized as Balaghāb; also known as Balaqāb Balghab and Bolaq Āb) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 22 families.
 Tol-e Heydari (Persian: تل حيدري‎ also Romanized as Tol-e Ḩeydarī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Kuzupınarı is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Raudvere is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Greda is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D35 highway.
 Łowocie [wɔˈvɔt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Szypliszki 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Suwałki and 121 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Cheqa Kabud (Persian: چقاكبود‎ also Romanized as Cheqā Kabūd; also known as Chega Kabūd Cheqād Kabūd and Cheqā Kabūd-e Seyāh Seyāh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1601 in 341 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Bandubast (Persian: مزرعه بندوبست‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bandūbast; also known as Band Bast) is a village in Emad Deh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Karaj-e Olya (Persian: كرج عليا‎ also Romanized as Karaj-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 46 families.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 24 families.
 Antilla is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina. It is located southeast of the city of Rosario de la Frontera through National Route 34 at km 931.
 Matilakam (formerly Trikana Matilakam Kunavayikottam) is a village in Thrissur District in Kerala India. In the Sangam Period Trikana Matilakam was a famous centre of Jain religion and learning. In Matilakam was a famous Jain temple to which a number of other temples were subordinate but it later became a Hindu temple. Ilango Adikal the author of the Tamil epic Silappadikaram was a Jain who lived at Trikana Matilakam. Mathilakam (Kerala) - Jain legacy of Sangam period in shambles.
 Avanak (Persian: اوانك‎ also Romanized as Āvānak) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 84 families.
 Tarnawatka [tarnaˈvatka] is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Tarnawatka. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Tomaszów Lubelski and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Jareniówka [jarɛˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Jasło and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Rawicz and 91 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Šavci is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Kwiatkowice [kfjatkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzierady within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wodzierady 17 km (11 mi) north of Łask and 25 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 440.
 Shah Shams ol Din (Persian: شاه شمس الدين‎ also Romanized as Shāh Shams ol Dīn and Shāh Shams-od-dīn) is a village in Sohr va Firuzan Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Olszewko [ɔlˈʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork-Osada within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kuczbork-Osada 10 km (6 mi) east of Żuromin and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Gurbicze [ɡurˈbit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Chodków Nowy [ˈxɔtkuf ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Łoniów 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Duraq (Persian: دورق‎ also Romanized as Dūraq; also known as Dūrag) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nasiłowo [naɕiˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Bytoń 8 km (5 mi) south of Radziejów and 52 km (32 mi) south of Toruń.
 Vapa is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 691 people.
 Libore is a rural commune in Niger comprising approximately 40 villages. Located along the left bank of the Niger river 20 kilometers to the southeast of the capital Niamey its economy is based predominantly on the subsistence cultivation of irrigated rice and rainfed millet. Other crops include hot pepper okra tomato and lettuce while several species of mango are grown and marketed.
 Chah-e Mirza (Persian: چاه ميرزا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mīrzā) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 40 families.
 Różyce Żmijowe [ruˈʐɨt͡sɛ ʐmiˈjɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Parzęczew 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kuzfındık is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
 Zdzierczyzna [zd͡ʑerˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Sokolniki 15 km (9 mi) east of Wieruszów and 92 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lewice [lɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Gholamreza (Persian: غلامرضا‎ also Romanized as Gholāmreẕā; also known as Gholāmreẕāābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Piharallegama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Villa Miraso is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
 Nahr-e Owj Albu Seyyed (Persian: نهرعوج البوصيد‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e ‘Owj Albū Şeyyed; also known as Rūstā-ye ‘Owj) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 24 families.
 Kamionna [kaˈmjɔnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciana within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Trzciana 20 km (12 mi) south of Bochnia and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 770.
 Chah-e Hajji Sabat 29 (Persian: چاه حاجي ثابت 29‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩājjī Sābat 29) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dương Phong is a commune (xã) and village in Bạch Thông District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Çaykışla is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Mayyu (Persian: ميو‎ also Romanized as Mayyū; also known as Mīhū) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 18 families.
 Ripak-e Lal Mohammad (Persian: ريپك لال محمد‎ also Romanized as Rīpak-e Lāl Moḩammad) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 21 families.
 Mirmiru (Persian: ميرميرو‎ also Romanized as Mīrmīrū) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 14 families.
 Baq (Persian: بق‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 68 families.
 Mashatuk (Persian: ماشاتوك‎ also Romanized as Māshātūk; also known as Mashtik and Meshtyk) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 753 in 199 families.
 Zakrzew [ˈzakʂɛf] is a village in Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zakrzew. It lies approximately 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ansari Mahalleh (Persian: انصاري محله‎ also Romanized as Anşārī Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 21 families.
 Dobb-e Moleyhim (Persian: دب مليحم‎ also Romanized as Dobb-e Moleyḩīm; also known as Domḩelem-e Mo‘alleh Domleḩīm and Domo Leḩeym) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Świny [ˈɕfinɨ] (German: Schweinhaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.It lies approximately 1 km (1 mi) north-east of Bolków 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Jawor and 70 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kumki [ˈkumki] (German: Kümken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Drawsko Pomorskie and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Quhak (Persian: قوهك‎ also Romanized as Qūhak; also known as Ghoohak and Kūhak) is a village in Varzaq Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 114 families.
 Folwarczysko [fɔlvarˈt͡ʂɨskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kundruse is a village in Värska Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.Kundruse and its neighbouring villages (Litvina Pattina Perdaku Saabolda Saatse Samarina Sesniki and Ulitina) are notable as part of Estonia that although not an enclave before 2008 wasn't reachable by road without passing through Russian territory for several hundred metres through an area known as the Saatse Boot.
 Kand Halan (Persian: كندهلان‎ also Romanized as Kand Halān Kand Helān and Kandehlān; also known as Kandelān Kandelan Kandlān and Khiāndelan) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 563 in 123 families.
 Tymianki-Pachoły [tɨˈmjaŋki paˈxɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bukowa [buˈkɔva] (previously German Wendisch Buckow 1938-45: Buchenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Smołdzino 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 100 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Maku Kandi (Persian: ماكوكندي‎ also Romanized as Mākū Kandī) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 593 in 125 families.
 Henj (Persian: هنج‎) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 18 families.
 Shova is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5498 people living in 1054 individual households.
 Nosrati-ye Sar Anbar (Persian: نصرتي سرانبار‎ also Romanized as Noşratī-ye Sar Anbār; also known as Noşratī-ye Sar Anbār-e Kalāntarī) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 64 families.
 Seyl Reza (Persian: سيل رضا‎ also Romanized as Seyl Reẕā) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 18 families.
 Fatmeh Sar (Persian: فتمه سر‎; also known as Fatmeh Sarā) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 96 families.
 Czechowiec [t͡ʂɛˈxɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Żytno 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 103 km (64 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Seyqal Sara (Persian: صيقل سرا‎ also Romanized as Şeyqal Sarā) is a village in Dehshal Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 21 families.
 Lohajara is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4663 people living in 859 individual households.
 Genowefa [ɡɛnɔˈvɛfa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Burk's Falls is an incorporated village in the Almaguin Highlands region of Parry Sound District Ontario Canada located 265 kilometres (165 mi) north of Toronto and 90 kilometres (56 mi) south of North Bay Ontario. The village was named after David Francis Burk of Oshawa who named the location and the waterfall on the site after himself after he selected the land surrounding the waterfall in the Free Land Grant Act. Burk's Falls is part of the Magnetawan River waterway.
 Shah Bodaghlu (Persian: شاه بداغلو‎ also Romanized as Shāh Bodāghlū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 Parnatabad (Persian: پرنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Parnatābād) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 8 families.
 Ochodza [ɔˈxɔd͡za] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Skawina and 18 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Dhamsar is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Przybranowo [pʂɨbraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 23 km (14 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 645.
 Sorkh Cheshmeh (Persian: سرخ چشمه‎) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jelenia Góra [jɛˈlɛɲa ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bhakanje is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1188 people living in 226 individual households.
 Pulkal (Telugu: పుల్కల్) is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh India.The villages in Pulkal mandal includes: Baswapur Bommareddygudem 	Chakriyal Choutkur Gangojipet Gongloore Hunnapur IsojipetKodur Korpole Lakshmi Sagar Manthoor Minpur Muddaipet Mudimanik Peddareddipet Pocharam Pulkal Raipahad Singoor Sivampet Sulthanpur Sureddi Itkyal Upparigudem Vendikole Venkata Kistapur etc.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Garkan Rural District Garkan-e Jonubi District Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1545 in 404 families.
 Saareotsa is a village in Türi Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād; also known as Qeshlāq-e Esmā‘īlābād and Qeshlāq-e Esmā‘īlābād Kūchaklī) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 26 families.
 Biesiadki [bjɛˈɕatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Cyców 19 km (12 mi) east of Łęczna and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gugjeh Qeya (Persian: گوگجه قيا‎ also Romanized as Gūgjeh Qeyā and Gowgjeh Qīā; also known as Gholūcheh Qīā Gogjeh Ghiya Gowgcheh Qayeh Gowgjeh Qayeh Gucha-Kiya Gūjeh Qayeh Guoha Qiya and Gūyjeh Qayah) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 919 in 229 families.
 Gharibabad (Persian: غريب اباد‎ also Romanized as Gharībābād) is a village in Bajgan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 85 families.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork-Osada within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chiladangari is a village of Koksara Block in Dharmagarh sub-division in Kalahandi District in Odisha State. This village comes under Phupagaon panchayat of Kokasara Tehsil in Kalahandi District. Chiladangari is 7 km distance from Koksara and 60 km distance from its District Main City Bhawanipatna. And 333 km distance from its State Main City Bhubaneswar.
 Suchorączek [suxɔˈrɔnt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Więcbork 10 km (6 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Kalateh-ye Hasan (Persian: كلاته حسن‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩasan; also known as Kalāteh Kūh Bālā and Kalāteh-ye Kūh Bālā) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 27 families.
 Wygnanów [vɨɡˈnanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Alacadağ is a village in the District of Finike Antalya Province Turkey.
 Pınarlı is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 591 people.
 Przymiłowice [pʂɨmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztyn within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Częstochowa and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 772.
 The Village of Golf is a village in Palm Beach County Florida United States. The population was 260 at the 2010 census and ranked as the 4th highest-income place in the United States. As of 2004 the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 238.A municipality formed in 1957 this relaxing municipality encompasses roughly 542 acres and includes residential agricultural and commercial properties.
 Shahin Dasht (Persian: شاهين دشت‎ also Romanized as Shāhīn Dasht) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Deh Now-e Kakan (Persian: ده نوكاكان‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kākān; also known as Deh Now and Towḩīdābād) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Macew [ˈmat͡sɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Anuj-e Sofla (Persian: انوج سفلي‎ also Romanized as Anūj-e Sofla) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Mękarzowice [mɛŋkaʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Czarnocin 11 km (7 mi) north of Kazimierza Wielka and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Harazjan (Persian: هرازجان‎ also Romanized as Harāzjān; also known as Hezār Jān) is a village in Jasb Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 54 families.
 Đerađ is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 76 people.
 Salavat (Persian: صلوات‎ also Romanized as Şalavāt; also known as Masjed Şalavāt) is a village in Salavat Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 970 in 200 families.
 Gholamabad (Persian: غلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Gholāmābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 13 families.
 Talkhab-e Yakh (Persian: تلخ ابيه‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Yakh) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yapaklı is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 474 people.
 Mniszek [ˈmniʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Małogoszcz 11 km (7 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hałuszowa [xawuˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krościenko nad Dunajcem within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krościenko nad Dunajcem 26 km (16 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Benvar (Persian: بنوار‎ also Romanized as Benvār) is a village in Jaffal Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 10 families.
 Panghkok is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Motipur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2709 people living in 469 individual households.
 Khanik (Persian: خانيك‎ also Romanized as Khānīk) is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 47 families.
 Päiksi is a village in Alatskivi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Chaman-e Morvarid (Persian: چمن مرواريد‎ also Romanized as Chaman-e Morvārīd) is a village in Balesh Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2320 in 523 families.
 Jasienówka [jaɕeˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 90.
 Polesie [pɔˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rudniki 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Olesno and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 62.
 Hiddaulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Padesh is a village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.It situated in a valley in the Vlahina foothills 13 kilometers southwest of Blagoevgrad. There is a primary school Todor Aleksandrov and a cultural center Smilen Seimenski with a public library.Padesh is the birthplace of the Mayor of Blagoevgrad Atanas Kambitov (GERB).
 Sadd-e Ekbatan (Persian: سداكباتان‎ also Romanized as Sadd-e Ekbātān; also known as Sadd-e Shahnāz) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 7 families. Ekbatan reflects the ancient name of Hamadan Ecbatana.
 Ługi Wałeckie [ˈwuɡi vaˈwɛt͡skʲɛ] (German: Karlsruhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.
 Jdeidat Yabous (Arabic: جديدة يابوس‎; also spelled Jdeidet Yabous) previously known as Ainkania is a village situated 45 kilometres (28 mi) west of Damascus Syria.According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics the village had a population of 994 in the 2004 census.The village sits in the hills on the border between Syria and Lebanon where a checkpoint is operated between the two countries.
 Myślibory [mɨɕliˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Nur 38 km (24 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 105 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Farajabad (Persian: فرج اباد‎ also Romanized as Farajābād) is a village in Palanga Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 20 families.
 Tui Dasht (Persian: تويي دشت‎ also Romanized as Tū’ī Dasht) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Sopot is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 367 people.
 Żarnowiec [ʐarˈnɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlicze within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 1100.
 Madihalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Luboměř is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Pain Qazi Mahalleh (Persian: پائين قاضي محله‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Qāẕī Maḩalleh; also known as Qāẕī Maḩalleh-ye Pā’īn and Ya‘qūbīyeh) is a village in Daryasar Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 736 in 201 families.
 Florek [ˈflɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kutno and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kamień Rymański [ˈkamjɛɲ rɨˈmaɲski] (German: Hohenfier) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rymań 28 km (17 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Elmacık is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
 Tohku is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Zygmunty [zɨɡˈmuntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Żelazna Stara [ʐɛˈlazna ˈstara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Magnuszew 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 70.
 Grzybowo-Kapuśnik [ɡʐɨˈbɔvɔ kaˈpuɕnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rybie [ˈrɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacyna within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pacyna 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 89 km (55 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Mohandri is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the north east of the district and borders the Neelum and Muzaffarabad districts of Azad Kashmir and lies in an area affected by the 2005 Kashmir earthquake.
 Franulew [fraˈnulɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Lõpe is a village in Iisaku Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Maziarze Nowe [maˈʑaʐɛ ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Iłża 32 km (20 mi) south of Radom and 123 km (76 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ponure [pɔˈnurɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Czarna Białostocka and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Najjar Kola (Persian: نجاركلا‎ also Romanized as Najjār Kolā) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 74 families.
 Poscaya is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Kozuby [kɔˈzubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pokój 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Borj-e Khankaram (Persian: برج خان كرم‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Khānkaram) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 14 families.
 Korzeniów [kɔˈʐɛɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ułęż 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Ryki and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Piaseczno and 17 km (11 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bukowie [buˈkɔvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Wilków 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Namysłów and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Navarajpur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5930 people living in 1022 individual households.
 Davud Kola (Persian: داودكلا‎ also Romanized as Dāvūd Kolā; also known as Dāvūd Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 118 families.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: صيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 192 families.
 Chenarestan (Persian: چنارستان‎ also Romanized as Chenārestān) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kozluca is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Geleyerd (Persian: گليرد‎) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1074 in 279 families.
 Sorabhag is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7865 people living in 1605 individual households.
 Smogorzówek [smɔɡɔˈʐuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Shadian (Persian: شاديان‎ also Romanized as Shādīān) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 61 families.
 Wierzbin [ˈvjɛʐbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Stare Babice 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 18 km (11 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Mečkovac is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 169 people.
 Hoseynabad-e Baqeri (Persian: حسين ابادباقري‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Bāqerī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qaleh Juq (Persian: قلعه جوق‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jūq) is a village in Gachi Rural District Gachi District Malekshahi County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1724 in 275 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Diplomahha (Persian: تلمبه ديپلمه ها‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Dīplomahhā) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wapniarnia Pierwsza [vapˈɲarɲa ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Army Garrison Bampur (Persian: پادگان نظامي ارتش‎ – Pādegān-e Nez̧āmī Ārtesh) is a village and military installation in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 33 families.
 Ballyhaise (Irish: Béal Átha hÉis meaning Entrance to the Ford of the Rapid water) is a village in County Cavan Ireland. It is situated some 7 km (4.3 mi) north-northeast of Cavan Town. It is approximately a 15 minute drive or 11km via the N54 to the border with Northern Ireland. The River Annalee flows near the village.
 Chahar Mahan (Persian: چهارمهن‎ also Romanized as Chahār Mahan) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 98 families.
 Kamieńszczyzna [kamjɛɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Popów 10 km (6 mi) north of Kłobuck and 84 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 197.
 Wojciechowo [vɔi̯t͡ɕeˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Siedlec 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Wolsztyn and 70 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 200.
 Sarniak [ˈsarɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Chełm and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zaręby-Świeżki [zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈɕfjɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Timo is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Bogumiłów [bɔɡuˈmiwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Rozprza 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chah-e Amiq Qali Bafaha (Persian: چاه عميق قالي بافها‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Qālī Bāfahā) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lipnica [lipˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 300.
 Vadanappally ( Vatanappally / Vadanapally) is a panchayat & village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.Vadanapally is a small coastal village situated on the coastal belt of Thrissur district about 20 km from Thrissur town. It is the nearest point in NH 17 from Trichur city.
 Szarcz [ʂart͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Pszczew 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Międzyrzecz 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 65 km (40 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Pierzchały [pjɛʂˈxawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kličevac is a village in the municipality of Požarevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1329 people. Population is mainly ethnically Serbian and main occupations are agriculture and trade. Many of the Kličevac residents have moved out becoming year-round guest-workers in Austria Germany Switzerland and Italy.
 New Paluvayi is a small village in Rentachintala mandal Guntur district Andhra Pradesh India. The village population is approximately 600.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Ashrafi Asfehani (Persian: تلمبه شهيداشرفي اصفهاني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Ashrafī Aṣfehānī) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kaźmierzewo [kaʑmjɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Włocławek and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Napoleonów [napɔlɛˈɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kamieńsk 21 km (13 mi) north of Radomsko and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Yas Chaman (Persian: ياس چمن‎ also Romanized as Yās Chaman) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Mashhad-e Morghab District Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Zatyki [zaˈtɨki] (German Kattern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Lutoryż [luˈtɔrɨʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguchwała within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Boguchwała and 10 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1564.
 Golbui-ye Bala (Persian: گلبوي بالا‎ also Romanized as Golbūī-ye Bālā; also known as Golbū-ye Bālā Golbū and Golbū ‘Olyā) is a village in Belharat Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 107 families.
 Basbalpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2658 people living in 446 individual households.
 Kahlu Kaj (Persian: كهلوكاج‎ also Romanized as Kahlū Kāj; also known as Kahlokāj) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 40 families.
 Cheshmeh Pahn (Persian: چشمه پهن‎; also known as Chashma Kampana Chashmeh Kānīpanaeh Chashmeh Kanīpāneh and Cheshmeh-ye Kānī Pāneh) is a village in Shuhan Rural District in the Central District of Malekshahi County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 382 in 75 families.
 Karim Moharab (Persian: كريم محارب‎ also Romanized as Karīm Moḥārab) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 12 families.
 Klutajny [kluˈtai̯nɨ] (German: Klotainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kiwity 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Lidzbark Warmiński and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Lingthem is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260875.
 Bölüntü is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 318 people.
 Derecik is a village in the District of Arhavi Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 64 people.
 Kangarban-e Olya (Persian: كنگربان عليا‎ also Romanized as Kangarbān-e ‘Olyá; also known as Kangarbān Kangarbān-e Bālā and Kankarbān-e Bālā) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 43 families.
 Sabaholdu Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Amberley also known as Amberley Village is a village in Hamilton County Ohio United States. The population was 3585 at the 2010 census.
 Abercorn is a village in the Brome-Missisquoi Regional County Municipality in the Montérégie region of Québec Canada. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 391.It is bordered by the larger township of Sutton to the north and east by Frelighsburg to the west and the town of Richford Vermont in the United States to the south.
 Brezova Kosa (Serbian: Брезова Коса) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hipolitów [xipɔˈlituf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Halinów 17 km (11 mi) west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 23 km (14 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Farah Din (Persian: فرح دين‎ also Romanized as Faraḩ Dīn) is a village in Raz Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 55 families.
 Khorramabad-e Sofla (Persian: خرم اباد سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād-e Soflá; also known as Shahveh-ye Soflá) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 17 families.
 Sovin (Persian: سوين‎ also Romanized as Sovīn; also known as Sūyūn) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 77 families.
 Kutinska Slatina is a village in Croatia.
 Dziewiczy Ług [d͡ʑeˈvit͡ʂɨ ˈwuk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Kozice Croatia is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Gamizaj-e Olya (Persian: گاميزج عليا‎ also Romanized as Gāmīzaj-e ‘Olya and Gāmīzej-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gāmizaj Gāmīzaj-e Bālā Gamīzej-e Bālā and Garmizak) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 48 families.
 Rutka [ˈrutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Bidvanarpena (Persian: بيدوان ارپنا‎ also Romanized as Bīdvānārpenā) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Turkowice [turkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Turek and 118 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 776.
 Mnichowo [mniˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Reszel 18 km (11 mi) west of Kętrzyn and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 200.
 Zbyszewo [zbɨˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Kobylnica 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Słupsk and 112 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 30.
 Tugili is village located in the Thanjavur District of Tamil Nadu India. It is next to a village by name Kanjanoor which has a Temple of Siva.
 Abbur (Piriyapatna) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Piriyapatna taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Otłówko [ɔˈtwufkɔ] (German: Klein Ottlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Gardeja 8 km (5 mi) south of Kwidzyn and 81 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 210.
 Hunuange Bogaskumburegammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Shanqal-e Khaldi (Persian: شنقال خالدي‎ also Romanized as Shanqāl-e Khāldī) is a village in Direh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 50 families.
 Asmus [ˈasmus] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Brusy 21 km (13 mi) north of Chojnice and 87 km (54 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 96.
 Dudle (Cyrillic: Дудле) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shahab Lilam (Persian: شهاب ليلم‎ also Romanized as Shahāb Līlam) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 607 in 160 families.
 Mashaollahabad (Persian: ماشا الله اباد‎ also Romanized as Mashāollāhābād; also known as Māshelābād) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 600 in 154 families.
 Łaszczyn [ˈwaʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Cielądz 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stara Rokitnia [ˈstara rɔˈkitɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ryki and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Sarnów [ˈsarnuf] (German Sarnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Toszek 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 408.
 Rigu (Persian: ريگو‎ also Romanized as Rīgū and Reygū) is a village in Qaleh Qazi Rural District Qaleh Qazi District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Valayapatti is a village in Virudhunagar district Tamil Nadu India. Its pincode is 626127. Population : around 1500. Famous temples in Valayapatti:Senthatti Ayyanar Temple Sellimariyamman TempleOorani Pillaiyar (neear bus-stand)Schools:Valayapatti has a primary school called Hindu Primary School.
 Siah Takan-e Pain (Persian: سياه تكان پائين‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Takān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Joynagar is a village near Kolabagan in Sadar sub-division of West Tripura district of Tripura.
 Gandabeh (Persian: گندابه‎ also Romanized as Gandābeh and Gandāveh; also known as Gandābeh Ḩoseynābād and Hoseynābād) is a village in Azna Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Bartkowo [bartˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Bartikow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 141.
 Kozodrza [kɔˈzɔdʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Ostrów 3 km (2 mi) north-west of Ropczyce and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Merćez is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 26 people.
 Soorinna is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Staverden is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is located in the municipality of Ermelo about 5 kilometres east of Ermelo. It received city rights in 1298. With 40 inhabitants it is today the smallest place with that traditional title in the Netherlands.
 Limakadeh (Persian: ليماكده‎ also Romanized as Līmākadeh and Līmāk Deh) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 10 families.
 Kozojedy (Rakovník District) is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kholus (Persian: خلوص‎ also Romanized as Kholūş and Kholoos; also known as Kholū and Khulu) is a village in Harang Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 953 in 189 families.
 Mowtowr-e Gol Zaman (Persian: موتورگل زمان‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gol Zamān) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 41 families.
 Marghub (Persian: مرغوب‎ also Romanized as Marghūb; also known as Mar’oob Morqūm and Murghūm) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 84 families.
 Kępiny [kɛmˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Polanów 40 km (25 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 156 km (97 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Madevan (Persian: مادوان‎ also Romanized as Mādevān and Mādavān; also known as Mādehvān) is a village in Fasarud Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1724 in 427 families.
 Obozin [ɔˈbɔʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Skarszewy 11 km (7 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 187.
 Shahrak-e Shahid Namju (Persian: شهرك شهيدنامجو‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Nāmjū) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1438 in 473 families.
 Zbójna [ˈzbui̯na] is a village in Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zbójna. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Łomża and 93 km (58 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Alibegovići (Serbian: Алибеговићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowy Brańszczyk [ˈnɔvɨ ˈbraɲʂt͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Brańszczyk 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Wyszków and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 330.
 Bristol is a village in Kenosha County Wisconsin United States. It was incorporated in 2009 from portions of the Town of Bristol. The population was 2584 at the 2010 census. The former unincorporated communities of Bissell Cypress Pikeville and Woodworth are located in the village.
 Tammejärve is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located between Lake Raku and Tallinn–Viljandi road.
 Vedal pronounced as Vaedaal (also known as Chozha Kerala Charurvedi mangalam or Neelasathurvedimangalam or Veera Chozha Sathurvedimangalam) is a village in the Cheyyur taluk Kanchipuram district of Tamil Nadu India. It is located 105 kilometres (65 mi) away from Chennai and 45 kilometres (28 mi) away from Pondicherry on the Tamil Nadu East Coast Road ECR.
 Wola Zaradzyńska [ˈvɔla zaraˈd͡zɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ksawerów within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Pabianice and 14 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 450.
 River Hill is the last and westernmost village to be developed in the town of Columbia Maryland though numerous residents have addresses in Clarksville. Construction started in 1990. It is bounded by Maryland Route 108 and Maryland Route 32 and is centered on Trotter Road.
 Kosmów-Kolonia [ˈkɔsmuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Rompicherla is a major village and mandal in Guntur District in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 Qeshlaq-e Arablu Asrafil (Persian: قشلاق عربلواسرافيل‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e ʿArablū Āsrāfīl) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 15 families.
 Hashvid (Persian: حشويد‎ also Romanized as Hashvīd and Ḩashvīd; also known as Harshvīd and HNshvīd) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 66 families.
 Sela is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ahula is a village in Albu Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Trzebienie [tʂɛˈbjɛɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Kalisz and 124 km (77 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Prhci is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D32 highway.
 Deh-e Qazi (Persian: ده قاضي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Qāẕī) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Mapua is a small town in the South Island of New Zealand.It is to the west of Nelson on State Highway 60 and on the coastline of Tasman Bay. The 2006 census gave a population of 1878 up 16.1 percent since the 2001 Census.:With a thriving wharf and commercial area Mapua has grown in popularity for visitors with numbers swelling the region over the summer months. A large fair and market is held every Easter Sunday.
 Wólka [ˈvulka] (Ukrainian: Вілька Vil’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Harasiuki 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Nisko and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Shahrestan (Persian: شهرستن‎; also known as Shahr Setan) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 501 in 57 families.
 Blizanci is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Stari Grad Sarajevo.
 Arbanija is a village on Čiovo Island Croatia. The settlement is administered as a part of the City of Trogir and Split-Dalmatia County. According to the 2001 census the village has 370 inhabitants. It is connected by the D126 state road.
 Tolombeh-ye Abul Hasan Shahidi Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: تلمبه ابولحسن شهيدي شماره 2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Abūl Ḩasan Shahīdī Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Harsovo Blagoevgrad Province is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Rača is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 247 people.
 K.Rayavaram (Tamil: கே.இராயவரம் ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district  Tamil Nadu India.
 Mowtowr-e Garsaz Hoseynabad (Persian: موتورگرسازحسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Garsāz Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 70 families.
 Pehengan (Persian: پهنگان‎ also Romanized as Pehengān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nur Mohammad Kandi-ye Sofla (Persian: نورمحمدكندي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Nūr Moḩammad Kandī-ye Soflá; also known as Nūr Moḩammad Kandī) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 487 in 74 families.
 Gudivada(Peddapuram) is a village in PEDDAPURAM MANDAL East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh.
 Ohiowa is a village in Fillmore County Nebraska United States. The population was 115 at the 2010 census. Settlers from Ohio and Iowa founded Ohiowa in 1887 and the name of the village is unusual in that it contains the complete names of two states.
 Rumelia (village) is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Sokolniki Małe [sɔkɔlˈniki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Żukowo Morskie [ʐuˈkɔvɔ ˈmɔrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Darłowo 21 km (13 mi) west of Sławno and 161 km (100 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 138.
 Döğüşbelen is a village in Muğla Province Turkey
 Khang Sang is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2402 people living in 386 individual households.
 Bard Asiab (Persian: برداسياب‎ also Romanized as Bard Āsīāb and Bard Āsyab; also known as Bard Āsīā) is a village in Cheshmeh Langan Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Kamienica [kamjɛˈnit͡sa] (German: Doberstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Marz Dasht (Persian: مرزدشت‎) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1149 in 327 families.
 Królewska Wola [kruˈlɛfska ˈvɔla] (German: Königswille) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Qarah Omar (Persian: قره عمر‎ also Romanized as Qarah ‘Omar) is a village in Saruq Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 81 families.
 Czarna [ˈt͡ʂarna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Zabór and 15 km (9 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Cham-e Kahriz (Persian: چم كهريز‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Kahrīz and Cham Kahrīz) is a village in Cham Kuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 81 families.
 Hořešovičky is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Liskowate [lʲiskɔˈvatɛ] (Ukrainian: Ліскувате Liskuvate) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne within Bieszczady County in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship of south-eastern Poland near the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Ustrzyki Dolne and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 College Corner is a village in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio in Butler and Preble counties 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Oxford. The population was 407 at the 2010 census.The village lies on the state line with Indiana and there is a West College Corner Indiana.
 Podborek [pɔdˈbɔrɛk] is the part of Śniadków Górny A village Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship.
 Valiabad (Persian: ولي اباد‎ also Romanized as Valīābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 14 families.
 Cham Chulian (Persian: چم چوليان‎ also Romanized as Cham Chūlīān) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Bapulapadu is a village and Mandal in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Saghuyeh (Persian: ساغويه‎ also Romanized as Sāghūyeh; also known as Sāqū’īyeh and Sātū’īyeh) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 49 families.
 Tallé w Chittaha is a village in the district of Akkar and it is one of the few remaining Maronite Christian-inhabited villages of Akkar. It is situated 125 km north of the capital Beirut. And it is located at approximately 600 metres from sea level. The saint of the village is St. George.
 Lateh Choqa Sayyadan (Persian: لته چقاصياديان‎ also Romanized as Lateh Choqā Şayyādān; also known as Lāneh Chīā Lāneh Jīā Lateh Choqā and Şayyādān) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 737 in 134 families.
 Beheshtabad (Persian: بهشت اباد‎ also Romanized as Beheshtābād) is a village in Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District Central District Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 91 families.
 Sama Foulala is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune contains 7 villages in an area of approximately 154 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6180. The village of Sama Foulala is on the left (north) bank of the River Niger.
 Chah-e Amiq Shomareh Do Talbabad (Persian: چاه عميق شماره دو طالب اباد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Shomāreh Do Tālbābād; also known as Chāh-e Shomāreh-ye Do and Chāh-e Shomāre Do) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 24 families.
 Yaylagöne is a village in Malkara district of Tekirdağ Province Turkey It is situated in the eastern Trakya (Thrace) plains at 40°54′N 26°45′E. The distance to Malkara is 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) . The population of the village is 717 as of 2011. It was a Bulgarian village during the Ottoman Empire era. But after the Second Balkan War the Bulgarian population was forced to leave the settlement.
 Sępolno Wielkie [sɛmˈpɔlnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Biały Bór 27 km (17 mi) north of Szczecinek and 156 km (97 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 360.
 story of Navalpakkam Navalpakkam is a small village located in Vandavasi taluk in the Tiruvannamalai district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu known as S Navalpakkam and S stands for Shotria. It is famous for its Srinivasa Perumal temple established by srinivasachariar and subsequently developed by his son ayya kumara thathachariar who is rajaguru of thanjur nayak king.This srinivasa perumal is being managed by the shrotriumdars of navalpakkam village.
 Dennis Acres is a village in Newton County Missouri United States. The population was 76 at the 2010 census.
 Skrzelew [ˈskʂɛlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Sochaczew and 43 km (27 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Floral Park is an incorporated village in Nassau County New York United States on Long Island. The population as of the US Census of 2010 is 15863. The village is at the western border of Nassau County and is located in both the Town of Hempstead and the Town of North Hempstead. The neighborhood of Floral Park Queens is adjacent to the village.
 Mirash (Persian: ميراش‎ also Romanized as Mīrāsh) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 572 in 216 families.
 Sadi (Persian: سعدي‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dī) is a village in Abshar Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 67 families.
 Salman Farsi Garrison (Persian: پادگان سلمان فارسي‎ – Pādegān-e Salmān Fārsī) is a village and garrison in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 25 families.
 Truxton is a village in Lincoln County Missouri United States. The population was 91 at the 2010 census.
 Dinehvar (Persian: دينه ور‎ also Romanized as Dīnehvar; also known as Dīnavar Dinovar and Dīnvar) is a village in Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 22 families.
 Kond Olya (Persian: كندعليا‎ also Romanized as Kond ‘Olyā; also known as Kond-e Bālā and Kand-e Bālā) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 655 in 187 families.
 Ovčari (Cyrillic: Овчари) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Waite Hill is a village in Lake County Ohio United States. The population was 471 at the 2010 census.
 Veselé is a village and municipality in Piešťany District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.
 Gornji Draganec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Darreh Asb (Persian: دره اسب‎; also known as Darasb) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 542 in 104 families.
 Kocewo [kɔˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bieżuń 13 km (8 mi) south of Żuromin and 110 km (68 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Berah Mum (Persian: بره موم‎ also Romanized as Berah Mūm and Barah Mūm; also known as Berah Mūn and Wīramain) is a village in Alvir Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 21 families.
 Orkan-e Kord (Persian: اوركن كرد‎ also Romanized as Orkān-e Kord; also known as Orgān-e Kord) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1349 in 338 families.
 Deh-e Mokhtar (Persian: ده مختار‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mokhtār; also known as Deh-e Āqā Mokhtārī and Mokhtār) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 403 in 69 families.
 Mashkar (Persian: ماشكار‎ also Romanized as Māshkār; also known as Māshārī) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 43 families.
 Urum al-Sughra (Arabic: أورم الصغرى‎) is a village in Atarib District Aleppo Governorate Syria to the north of Kafr Halab. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Urum al-Sughra had a population of 637 in the 2004 census. Siege of Base 46 took place here in 2012.
 Pagin (Persian: پگين‎ also Romanized as Pagīn) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Gurchinlu Hajj Najaf (Persian: قشلاق گورچينلوحاج نجف‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gūrčīnlū Ḩājj Najaf) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 31 families.
 Zaimabad (Persian: زعيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Zaʿīmābād; also known as Zaeemābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 86 families.
 Potyry [pɔˈtɨrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Płońsk and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Tursko (Czech Republic) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Breznitsa is a village in Gotse Delchev Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is located 12 kilometers northwest of Gotse Delchev and 61 kilometers southeast of Blagoevgrad in the Pirin mountain. The Tufcha river is flowing by the village. A municipal asphalt road connects Breznitsa with the second class road Razlog - Gotse Delchev.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Czastary 14 km (9 mi) east of Wieruszów and 97 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jalbire is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2026 and had 414 houses in the village.
 Sayenjeq (Persian: ساينجق‎ also Romanized as Sāyenjeq; also known as Sārīnjeq and Sāyenjīq) is a village in Baruq Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 25 families.
 Ellakudy is a village in Tiruchirappalli taluk of Tiruchirappalli district Tamil Nadu.
 Merklín (Karlovy Vary District) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Chah-e Abbas (Persian: چاه عباس‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ‘Abbās and Chāh-i-‘Abbās; also known as Chāh-e ‘Abbāsī) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wiewiórka [vjɛˈvjurka] (German: Susannenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Iława and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Vojmilovići is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 135 people.
 Tarmno [ˈtarmnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Barwice 22 km (14 mi) west of Szczecinek and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bande Niger is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Wojsławiec [vɔi̯ˈswavjɛt͡s] (German: Hammermühle) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szubin 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 62.
 Gol Tappeh (Persian: گل تپه‎; also known as Gul Tepe) is a village in Bughda Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 857 in 191 families.
 Ebrahim Ali (Persian: ابراهيم عالي‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīm ‘Alī) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 24 families.
 Bon Baba Jan (Persian: بن باباجان‎ also Romanized as Bon Bābā Jān) is a village in Aramu Rural District in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 641 in 119 families.
 Ajanale is a village in the state of Maharashtra India. Administraively itis under the Sangole Taluka of Solapur District in Maharashtra. The village is known for its export quality anar (pomegranates). 90% of its population is directly or indirectly dependent on pomegranate production. The village is located 15 km by road west of the town of Sangole and 8 km by road east of the village of Bombewadi and the bridge over the Man River.
 Kraszewo-Falki [kraˈʂɛvɔ ˈfalki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Pasiecznik [paˈɕet͡ʂnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomierz within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Lubomierz 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of Lwówek Śląski and 105 kilometres (65 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 584.[citation needed]
 Zhelezari is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Luboniec [luˈbɔɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Zaniemyśl 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 110.
 Rudka Łowiecka [ˈrutka wɔˈvjɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Hańsk 22 km (14 mi) south of Włodawa and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Villamaa is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Ali Verdilu (Persian: علي ورديلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Verdlū; also known as Allāh Verdīlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 8 families.
 Navliq (Persian: ناوليق‎ also Romanized as Nāvlīq; also known as Navlūq) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 63 families.
 Mleczków [ˈmlɛt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zakrzew 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Radom and 87 km (54 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 450.
 Maisonnave is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina. Accessed by the National Road RN 188 to 186 km from the provincial capital Santa Rosa and 600 km from Buenos Aires .
 Jasin [ˈjaɕin] (German: Jansen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Laskowo [lasˈkɔvɔ] (German: Annenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Lipka 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Złotów and 127 km (79 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 60.
 Masha-ye 9 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 9گزاباد‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 9 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 37 families.
 Kajabad (Persian: كج اباد‎ also Romanized as Kajābād) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 11 families.
 Hunasagi (Hunsagi Kannada: ಹುಣಸಗಿ ) is a village in the Shorapur taluk of Yadgir district in Karnataka state India.A number of early Palaeolithic sites were found in Hunasagi. Hunasagi is 48 km southwest of the distinct headquarters Yadgir and 20 km from Shorapur. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.
 Danalar is a village in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Vajreshwari also known as Vajrabai is a village situated near the Tansa River in the in Bhiwandi taluk of Thane districtMaharashtra India. It is famous for the Vajreshwari Temple and hot water springs.The village used to be called Vadvali but was later renamed Vajreswari in respect of the Goddess Vajreshwari the presiding deity of the Vajreshwari Temple. The village consists mainly of the local Marathi community and the tribes living in the nearby forest.
 Zapieczki [zaˈpʲɛt͡ʂkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Wasilków and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bombure is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Błotnik [ˈbwɔtnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Cedry Wielkie 16 km (10 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 19 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 344.
 Niwnik [ˈnivnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-west of Oława and 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Malek Baghi (Persian: ملك باغي‎ also Romanized as Malek Bāghī; also known as Malik Poweh) is a village in Khenejin Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Kovačevci (Serbian: Ковачевци) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ashianak (Persian: اشيانك‎ also Romanized as Āshīānak and Āshyānak; also known as Ashnak) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 13 families.
 Posht Par (Persian: پشت پر‎) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Farajabad (Persian: فرج اباد‎ also Romanized as Farajābād) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District in the Central District of Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 14 families.
 Malkapur is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Choutuppal mandal.
 Peredyło [pɛrɛˈdɨwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Janów Podlaski 19 km (12 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 113 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Idu (Persian: ايدو‎ also Romanized as Īdū) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 23 families.
 Hamler is a village in Henry County Ohio United States. The population was 576 at the 2010 census. Founded in 1875 by John Hamler Hamler is a rural farming community in Northwest Ohio about 40 miles southwest of Toledo Ohio.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Eslāmābād-e Shāh Neshīn and Shāh Neshīn) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Połchówko [pɔu̯ˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Krokowa 13 km (8 mi) west of Puck and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 140.
 Tamasha (Persian: تماشا‎ also Romanized as Tamāshā) is a village in Karasht Rural District in the Bumehen District of Pardis County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 19 families.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎; also known as Now Deh-e Markhāl) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 77 families.
 Simbari Khaleh (Persian: سيمبري خاله‎ also Romanized as Sīmbarī Khāleh; also known as Sīmbar Khāleh and Sīmbar Khāleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dinachal Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 517 in 112 families.
 Pustniki [pustˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Sorkwity 9 km (6 mi) west of Mrągowo and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 200.
 Dzierzbia [ˈd͡ʑeʐbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Stawiski 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Kolno and 78 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 373.
 Amar (Persian: امار‎ also Romanized as Amār and ‘Ammār; also known as Amār-e Mīānrūd) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 73 families.
 Kadıobası Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kian-e Nesar (Persian: کيان نسار‎ also Romanized as Kīān-e Nesār and Kayān-e Nesār; also known as Kīān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Chupanan (Persian: چوپانان‎ also Romanized as Chūpānān) is a village in Chupanan Rural District Anarak District Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1485 in 421 families.
 Damdarreh-ye Bibi Roshteh (Persian: دمدره بي بي رشته‎ also Romanized as Damdarreh-ye Bībī Roshteh; also known as Damdarreh and Dom Darreh) is a village in Alqchin Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 33 families.
 Horniki Dolne [xɔrˈniki ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Nowa Karczma 17 km (11 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gola Glava is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 793 people.
 Katebennuru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Rykały [rɨˈkawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Promna 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Białobrzegi and 60 km (37 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Sonjeduiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: سنجدوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sonjedū’īyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Sonjedu-ye Sofla Senjān-e Pā’īn Senjān Pā’īn and Sonjū’īyeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Tirchai Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 19 families.
 Showkatabad (Persian: شوكت آباد‎ also Romanized as Showḵatābād; also known as Shokat Abad) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 68 families.
 Broćanac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Hitak (Persian: هيتك‎ also Romanized as Hītak; also known as Hītak-e Kolā Kantak) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 496 in 102 families.
 Okopiec [ɔˈkɔpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Plajny [ˈplai̯nɨ] (German: Plehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Elbląg and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Çakırlı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Tarsus is 24 kilometres (15 mi) and the distance to Mersin is 45 kilometres (28 mi). The population of Çakırlı is 877 as of 2011. Grapes are the most important agricultural product of the village
 Chah Shur-e Olya (Persian: چاه شور عليا‎ also Romanized as Chāh Shūr-e ‘Olyā; also known as Chāh Shūr) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 25 families.
 Boguszyce [bɔɡuˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Łomża and 78 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kożuszki-Ośrodek [kɔˈʐuʂki ɔˈɕrɔdɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sochaczew and 47 km (29 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 330.
 Wyrów [ˈvɨruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bedlno 11 km (7 mi) east of Kutno and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Luta [ˈluta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Stąporków 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Końskie and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 400.
 Yolağzı is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 27 people.
 Laj (Persian: لاج‎ also Romanized as Lāj) is a village in Miyan Khvaf Rural District in the Central District of Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3038 in 622 families.
 Sinsini is a village in Bharatpur district in Rajasthan India situated at a distance of 20 km to the south from Deeg city. It is the place of origin of Sinsinwars who were the rulers of princely state Bharatpur. Before the formation of Bharatpur state the capital of Sinsinwars was at Sinsini.Sinsini earlier was known as 'Shoor saini' and its inhabitants were known as 'Saur Sen'.
 Tadvai is a village and mandal headquarters in Warangal district Andhra Pradesh India.Recently it changed its name into Sammakka saralamma Tadvai .
 Nugent is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Ayrancı is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 335 people.
 Sędziszowice [sɛnd͡ʑiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bejsce 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 76 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Jeziorki [jɛˈʑɔrkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Barwice 15 km (9 mi) west of Szczecinek and 129 km (80 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pawłowa [pavˈwɔva] (Ukrainian: Павлова Pavlova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamówka within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Adamówka 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Przeworsk and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 160.
 Srnje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 912 people.
 Wymysłowo [vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kårhamn is a small fishing village in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located on an isolated peninsula on the northwestern tip of the large island of Seiland. The village has roads in it but none of them are connected to the rest of Norway so boat access to the village is required.
 Kahnan Kash-e Bala (Persian: کهنان کش بالا‎ also Romanized as Kahnān Kash-e Bālā) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 27 families.
 Khumen (Persian: خومن‎ also Romanized as Khūmen) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 33 families.
 Gheybi (Persian: غيبي‎ also Romanized as Gheybī) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Koninek [kɔˈninɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Pērkone (German: Perkuhnenhof Pērkons inn) is a small suburban settlement in Nīca parish near the south border of Liepāja Latvia. Near Pērkone is located Reiņu forest (Latvian: Reiņu mežs) the one of the closest to Liepāja forests. Pērkone is chiefly known because near it are located the hotel Jūrnieka Ligzda and the guest house Vērbeļnieki.
 Nowa Wola [ˈnɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lesznowola 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Piaseczno and 14 km (9 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Yıldızlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Waphare Wadi is a small village in the Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra India. It comes under the Karjule Harya panchayat of the Parner block.
 Miecznikowo-Gołębie [mjɛt͡ʂniˈkɔvɔ ɡɔˈwɛmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 40.
 Bonari (Persian: بناري‎ also Romanized as Bonārī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 42 families.
 Dashtkar (Persian: دشتكار‎ also Romanized as Dashtkār and Dasht-e Kār; also known as Dasht-e Kanār) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2562 in 595 families.
 Brzeźnica [bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brzeźnica. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Żagań and 27 km (17 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 875.
 Atalar (Persian: عطالر‎ also Romanized as ‘Aţālar) is a village in Aqabad Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1054 in 202 families.
 Popów [ˈpɔpuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Annopol 28 km (17 mi) west of Kraśnik and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 270.
 Kopyta [kɔˈpɨta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Brodnica 11 km (7 mi) west of Śrem and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Cuyahoga Heights is a village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. The population was 638 at the 2010 census.
 Belathur is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Orlov Dol is a village in the municipality of Topolovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Pain Mahalleh-ye Golrudbar (Persian: پائين محله گلرودبار‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Golrūdbār and Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Gol-e Rūdbār; also known as Galrūdbār) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 58 families.
 Mashkaleh (Persian: مشكله‎; also known as Mashgaleh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 161 families.
 Rakowo [raˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sokołówka [sɔkɔˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Stare Oleszyce [ˈstarɛ ɔlɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Старі Олешичі Stari Oleshychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleszyce within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Oleszyce 9 km (6 mi) west of Lubaczów and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Shahīd) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 15 families.
 Tusari is a village in Nõva Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Saççılar is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 44 people.
 Sorkheh Deh (Persian: سرخه ده‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 45 families.
 Ramaća (Serbian: Рамаћа) is a village in the municipality of Stragari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 340 people.
 Deh-e Dasht (Persian: دهدشت‎) is a village in Hudian Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 29 families.
 Chomęc [ˈxɔmɛnt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 50.
 Hajji Dela (Persian: حاجي دلا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Delā and Ḩajī Delā; also known as Haji Delak) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 8 families.
 Khvorjestan (Persian: خورجستان‎ also Romanized as Khvorjestān) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1022 in 244 families.
 Csömödér is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Gammulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Skoczów [ˈskɔt͡ʂuf] (German: Schötzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Dygowo 20 km (12 mi) east of Kołobrzeg and 115 km (71 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mowtowr-e Morad Mohammad Kuseh (Persian: موتورمرادمحمدكوسه‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Morād Moḩammad Kūseh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tisovica is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 117 people.
 Bradarac (Serbian: Брадарац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 334 people.
 Pakbadi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6419 people living in 1105 individual households. It tastes of venison.
 Cham Konar (Persian: چم كنار‎ also Romanized as Cham Konār) is a village in Hendijan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Hendijan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 31 families.
 Oum El Achar is a village in the commune of Tindouf in Tindouf Province Algeria located at the base of a mountain pass. It is connected to the N50 national highway by a long local road leading south from the village.
 Wolaniny [vɔlaˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biłgoraj and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 11.
 Bulduk is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 83 people.
 Nowe Gatne [ˈnɔvɛ ˈɡatnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Nowinka 11 km (7 mi) north of Augustów and 93 km (58 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Czarna Łąka [ˈt͡ʂarna ˈwɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Goleniów and 11 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 350.
 Garu (Persian: گارو‎ also Romanized as Gārū; also known as Qārūn) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 614 in 150 families.
 Stare Drzewce [ˈstarɛ ˈdʐɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szlichtyngowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Szlichtyngowa 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Wschowa and 53 km (33 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Lakuzhdeh (Persian: لاكوژده‎ also Romanized as Lākūzhdeh; also known as Kūzhdeh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 533 in 152 families.
 Hatiteh (Persian: حطيطه‎ also Romanized as Ḩaţīţeh; also known as Atitah and Atīteh) is a village in Joghatai Rural District in the Central District of Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 102 families.
 Nakhl-e Gol (Persian: نخل گل‎) is a village in Suza Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 39 families.
 Pelpa (Persian: پل پا‎ also Romanized as Pelpā; also known as Pelīā) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 8 families.
 Templeglantine officially Templeglentan (Irish: Teampall an Ghleanntáin meaning church of the little glen) is a village in West County Limerick Ireland between Newcastle West and Abbeyfeale on the N21 national primary route - the main road from Limerick to Tralee. The village is approximately 55 kilometres southwest Limerick City and roughly 45 kilometres east of Tralee.
 Buda [ˈbuda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Stare Babice 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 7 families.
 Tütenocak is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Kohlan (Persian: كهلان‎ also Romanized as Kohlān) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 99 families.
 Udugoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Eriguthi is a small village in Gudiyattam taluk Vellore district Tamil Nadu India. It lies between Gudiyattam and Pernambut in a mountainous and forested region. Telugu and Tamil are its main languages.The village is based on agriculture and Beedi (cigarettes made of tobacco leaves) but the land is so infertile that many farmers have migrated elsewhere.[citation needed]
 Sligoville is a small community approximately 10 miles from Spanish Town in the parish of St. Catherine on the island of Jamaica.Sligoville is named after the Marquess of Sligo Governor of Jamaica in 1834 the year that freedom came to the enslaved people of Jamaica. Sligoville was said to be the first ‘free village’ to be established and this was done by Rev.
 Javadiyeh-ye Bugar (Persian: جواديه بوگر‎ also Romanized as Javādīyeh-ye Būgar; also known as Javādīyeh) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 57 families.
 Kohneh Deh (Persian: كهنه ده‎) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 13 families.
 Qarah Qayah-ye Shakarlu (Persian: قره قيه شكرلو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qayah-ye Shakarlū; also known as Qarah Qayah) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 602 in 103 families.
 Duga Luka is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 154 people.
 Jangaluk (Persian: جنگلوك‎ also Romanized as Jangalūk; also known as Jangalak) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Darbid-e Hoseyn Ali (Persian: داربيدحسين علي‎ also Romanized as Dārbīd-e Ḩoseyn ʿAlī) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Sheykh Abud (Persian: شيخ عبود‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Abūd Sheykh ‘Abbūd and Sheykh Abūd; also known as Shaikhābād Sheykh ‘Abūd-e Beyẕā' and Sheykh ‘Obbūd) is a village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2906 in 706 families.
 Starczówek [starˈt͡ʂuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Chamandan (Persian: چمندان‎ also Romanized as Chamandān) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 44 families.
 Kabernik (Serbian: Каберник) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jasieniec [jaˈɕeɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Puchaczów 14 km (9 mi) east of Łęczna and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Wymysłów Francuski [vɨˈmɨswuf franˈt͡suski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Dobroń 9 km (6 mi) west of Pabianice and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Garasma Sar (Persian: گراسماسر‎ also Romanized as Garāsmā Sar; also known as Garasbā Sar) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dezak-e Sarcheshmeh (Persian: دزك سرچشمه‎ also Romanized as Dezzak-e Sarcheshmeh) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 12 families.
 Zarzeczany [zaʐɛˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Gródek and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Barazi (Persian: برازي‎ also Romanized as Barāzī) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 41 families.
 Unwach is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3745 people living in 600 individual households.
 Vlakča is a village in the municipality of Stragari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 671 people.
 Kam Zard (Persian: كم زرد‎; also known as Kamar Zard) is a village in Dehrud Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 29 families.
 Bartkowizna [bartkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bruskowo Wielkie [brusˈkɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Słupsk and 113 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.In the 18th century Groß Brüskow had been a farm estate (German: Vorwerk) which belonged to the rural district around the town of Stolp called Amt Stolp.
 Jahanabad-e Deh Nazer (Persian: جهان ابادده نظر‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Deh Naẓer; also known as Jahānābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 14 families.
 Sar Asiab-e Pain (Persian: سراسيابپايين‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 12 families.
 Dudy Nadrzeczne [ˈdudɨ naˈdʐɛt͡ʂnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kolno and 98 km (61 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 54.
 Hasgebe Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Himmatgarh is a village in the notified area of Zirakpur in district Mohali in state of Punjab in India.
 Šeherdžik is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kamionka Poprzeczna [kaˈmjɔnka pɔˈpʂɛt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bakałarzewo 16 km (10 mi) west of Suwałki and 112 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Roszkówko [rɔʂˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Miejska Górka 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Rawicz and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Myaukkon is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Gornja Ljubata is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 485 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Pishu (Persian: مزرعه پيشو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Pīshū; also known as Pīshū) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Pulicherla is a village and a Mandal in Nalgonda district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Urga (Serbian: Урга) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gizajny [ɡiˈzai̯nɨ] (German Gischainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Małdyty 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 62 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 180.
 Daillar (Persian: داييلر‎ also Romanized as Dā’īllar and Dā’īlar; also known as Lā’īdar and Lā’īlū) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 13 families.
 Allah Bijar (Persian: لله بيجار‎ also Romanized as Allah Bījār; also known as La‘l-e Bījār La‘l-e Jār and Lāl Jār) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tam Giang Tây is a commune (xã) and village in Ngọc Hiển District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Ostrów [ˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kraśnik and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 390.
 Ameri (Persian: عامري‎ also Romanized as ‘Āmerī; also known as Amiri ‘Āmow’ī ‘Omari and ’Umari) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District Delvar District Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1914 in 447 families.
 Donja Dolina (Serbian: Доња Долина) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Młynik [ˈmwɨnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sorkwity 9 km (6 mi) west of Mrągowo and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 31.
 Żytelkowo [ʐɨtɛlˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Siedkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Białogard and 117 km (73 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Uma Bawang is a village located in Lirong Kawit the settlement in state of Sarawak. This village consists of a single longhouse that located near Baram River and the population is 100 as of 1990 that consists of Kayan people.
 Mazraeh-ye Hajji Abdollah (Persian: مزرعه حاجي عبداله‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājjī ‘Abdollah) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 36 families.
 Novi Varoš is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D5 highway.
 Alaminata is a village in the Nzérékoré Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south-eastern Guinea.
 Arbabi-ye Olya (Persian: اربابي عليا‎ also Romanized as Ārbābī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 104 families.
 Romanovci (Serbian: Романовци) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Namaklan-e Olya (Persian: نمكلان عليا‎ also Romanized as Namaklān-e ‘Olyā and Namakgelān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 81 families.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Kezab Rural District Khezrabad District Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahr-e Koti (Persian: شهركتي‎ also Romanized as Shahr-e Kotī) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 24 families.
 Kalaj Khuseh (Persian: كلاج خوسه‎ also Romanized as Kalāj Khūseh; also known as Kalāj Khāseh) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Chah-e Bid (Persian: چاه بيد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Bīd; also known as Chāh-e Bīdū) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stary Zamość [ˈstarɨ ˈzamɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stary Zamość. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Zamość and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hadi Kiashar (Persian: هادي كياشر‎ also Romanized as Hādī Kīāshar; also known as Hadi Kiasar Hādī Kīyā Shahr and Haji Shir Kia) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 749 in 221 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Złotno [ˈzwɔtnɔ] (German: Goldbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytna within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Szczytna 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of Kłodzko and 91 kilometres (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dhumthang is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3975 and had 760 houses in the village.
 Arvati (Macedonian: Арвати; Albanian: Arvat Arvati) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. Located 18.5 kilometres (11.5 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen the village has 137 residents. It is situated east of Lake Prespa at the foot of Baba Mountain.
 Konaru (Persian: كنارو‎ also Romanized as Konārū and Konowru; also known as Kanarun and Konāreh) is a village in Tazian Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1336 in 292 families.
 Fife Lake is a village in Grand Traverse County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 443 at the 2010 census.The village is situated within Fife Lake Township near the junction of U.S. Route 131 and M-186 (which serves as an eastward extension of M-113).
 Sięciaszka Druga [ɕenˈt͡ɕaʂka ˈdruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łuków and 77 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bodagh Beyg (Persian: بداغ بيگ‎ also Romanized as Bodāgh Beyg; also known as Bodāq Beyg) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 46 families.
 Shengel'dy is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Sieniawa [ɕeˈɲava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raba Wyżna within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Raba Wyżna 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Nowy Targ and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1900.
 Kurak (Persian: كورك‎ also Romanized as Kūrak) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Smogulecka Wieś [smɔɡuˈlɛt͡ska ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Dursztyn [ˈdurʂtɨn] (Slovak: Durštín German: Dürrenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Nowy Targ and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 400.
 Shadabad-e Olya (Persian: شادابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Shādābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Shizar Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 67 families.
 Chintulla is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal.
 Ławnica [wavˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Tuszów Narodowy 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Mielec and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dahleh (Persian: دهله‎ also Romanized as Dahlah and Dehleh; also known as Alīf Dahli and Dehlī) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 55 families.
 Banovci (German: Schider Banovci Serbian Cyrillic: Бановци) is a village in eastern Croatia near the Serbian border.It is connected to surrounding areas by the D46 highway and Zagreb-Belgrade Railway. The village is 116 km away from Belgrade (Serbia) 158 km from Sarajevo (Bosnia) 249 km from Zagreb (Croatia) and 257 km from Budapest (Hungary).
 Przybrda [ˈpʂɨbrda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Biały Bór 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Szczecinek and 156 km (97 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Gold River is a village municipality located close to the geographic centre of Vancouver Island in British Columbia Canada. In terms of the Island's human geography it is considered to be part of the North Island even though it technically is on the Island's west coast.
 Fifal-e Sharqi (Persian: في فل شرقي‎ also Romanized as Fīfal-e Sharqī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Olpas is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Midway (also called Sedalia) is a village in Range Township Madison County Ohio United States. The population was 322 at the 2010 census.Midway is also called Sedalia by some sources. Addresses with its ZIP code 43151 are officially located in Sedalia.
 Sadeqabad (Persian: صادق اباد‎ also Romanized as Şādeqābād; also known as Sadiqābād) is a village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 82 families.
 Kulenur is a village in Haveri District Karnataka India. It is located 10 km from Haveri city.The river Varada passes near this place. A state highway passes near to this place. A co-operative sugar factory is 1 km from Kulenur famously called as sangur sugar factory. Most of the population are involved in Agriculture.
 Khuznan (Persian: خوزنان‎ also Romanized as Khūznān and Khoznān) is a village in Ziaran Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 81 families.
 Ćatići (Serbian: Ћатићи) is a village in the municipality of Banovići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Żabnik [ˈʐabɲik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Biała Prudnicka 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Edayoor is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Donji Malovan (Serbian: Доњи Малован) is a village in the municipality of Kupres Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Świerszczów [ˈɕfjɛrʂt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Cyców 22 km (14 mi) east of Łęczna and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Salaküla is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Layar (Persian: لايار‎ also Romanized as Lāyār) is a village in Karkas Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 18 families.
 Qaleh-ye Khan (Persian: قلعه خان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Khān and Qal‘eh Khān) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 7 families.
 Stelmachowo [stɛlmaˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Tykocin and 29 km (18 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 90.
 Kuytuca is a village in Göle district of Ardahan Province Turkey. At 40°46′N 42°45′E it is situated 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Göle and 61 kilometres (38 mi) south of Ardahan. The population of Kuytuca is 1012 as of 2010 . The village was founded by seven families from Ahıska (now Akhaltsikhe a city in Georgia)in the early years of the 19th century. It was captured by Russia during the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878). It was returned to Turkey after the First World War.
 Gavmareh (Persian: گاومره‎ also Romanized as Gāvmareh; also known as Gāmmareh) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 23 families.
 Interlaken is a village in Seneca County New York United States. The population was 674 at the 2000 census. The name is related to the village's position between two lakes. The Village of Interlaken is in the northern part of the Town of Covert and is northwest of Ithaca New York.
 Chełmek [ˈxɛu̯mɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Nowa Sól and 27 km (17 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Mäeküla is a village in Orissaare Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Quảng Xuân is a commune (xã) and village in Quảng Trạch District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Kottappally is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.Kottappally is beautiful village with an inner town .The Mahe-Vadakara Canal is passing through this way and it is said that the work will finish almost about 2015 .As in Kerala Malayalam is the language .The place is in Thiruvallur Panchayath .The place was most of fields before the developments of Kottappally .The town is filled with many shops and groceries .Kottappally is coming after Chemmarathur a place near Vadakara .
 Väheru is a village in Karula Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It has a population of 83 (as of 1 January 2004).Väheru has a station on currently inactive Valga–Pechory railway.
 Brestovac is a village in the municipality of Negotin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 355 people.
 Leśniewo [lɛɕˈɲɛvɔ] (Kashubian: Lesniewò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Puck and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1219.
 Mahajeran-e Kamar (Persian: مهاجران كمر‎ also Romanized as Mahājerān-e Kamar Mahajaran Kamar and Mohājerān-e Kamar) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 45 families.
 Thukkatchi is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Wilczoruda-Parcela [vilt͡ʂɔˈruda parˈt͡sɛla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Grójec and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 130.
 Punch is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Kosewo [kɔˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Abeh-ye Now (Persian: ابه نو‎ also Romanized as Ābeh-ye Now) is a village in Lajran Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 10 families.
 Zakrzewek [zaˈkʂɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Więcbork 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Torsh Ap (Persian: ترش اپ‎ also Romanized as Torsh Āp) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Strupina [struˈpina] (German: Stroppen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Prusice 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Trzebnica and 33 kilometres (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 450.
 Tirbiku is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Vučevica is a village in the Split-Dalmatia County Croatia. The settlement is administered as a part of Klis municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the settlement is 64.
 Diplung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2063 persons living in 399 individual households.
 Günçalı Finike is a village in the District of Finike Antalya Province Turkey.
 Grabowo [ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Trzemeszno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Gniezno and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Olszyna [ɔlˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Tumatar (Persian: تومتر‎ also Romanized as Tūmatar) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 685 in 189 families.
 Jamalabad (Persian: جمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jamālābād) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Więcbork 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Chul (Persian: چول‎ also Romanized as Chūl) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Dalur is a village in the Faroe Islands. Dalur is located on the east-side of Sandoy.The village lies in the bottom of a relatively large valley. Dalur means valley in Faroese.A little road leads from Dalur to the south-tip of the island. From there it is possible to walk to the bird cliffs Skorin.The church in Dalur was built in 1957 and this is the only church that has ever been here.
 Adjadja is a village in the commune of Ain Beida in Sidi Khouiled District Ouargla Province Algeria. The village is located 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) northwest of Ain Beida and 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) east of the provincial capital Ouargla.
 Żyrwiny [ʐɨrˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Szypliszki 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Suwałki and 128 km (80 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Golzar-e Haddad (Persian: گلزارحداد‎ also Romanized as Golzār-e Ḩaddād) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 22 families.
 Kowalewo Opactwo-Parcele [kɔvaˈlɛvɔ ɔˈpat͡stfɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 125.
 Chełchy Iłowe [ˈxɛu̯xɨ iˈwɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Maków Mazowiecki and 75 km (47 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح آباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 15 families.
 Mazghu (Persian: مازغو‎ also Romanized as Māzghū) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Bučići (Cyrillic: Бучићи) is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gökçeli is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 57 people.
 Zawadka [zaˈvatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gołcza 14 km (9 mi) west of Miechów and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 64.
 Incheh (Persian: اينچه‎ also Romanized as Īncheh) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 23 families.
 Grahovo (pronounced [ɡɾaˈxɔːvɔ] or [ɡɾaˈxoːvɔ]) is a village on the eastern shores of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
 Deh-e Sheykhan (Persian: ده شيخان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sheykhān) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 35 families.
 Grabów [ˈɡrabuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Tłuszcz 20 km (12 mi) east of Wołomin and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Babaabad (Persian: بابااباد‎ also Romanized as Bābāābād) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 41 families.
 Kliczki [ˈklit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Regimin 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Ciechanów and 88 km (55 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Achatnahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kolar taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Karwowo-Podgórne [karˈvɔvɔ pɔdˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Rogajny [rɔˈɡai̯nɨ] (German: Rogonnen Lithuanian: Ragainiai) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Lubarda (Cyrillic: Лубарда) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Adinasara is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tirthahalli taluk of Shimoga district in Karnataka.
 Ramnagar Bahaur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4163 people living in 781 individual households.
 Ban Nokhvod (Persian: بان نخود‎ also Romanized as Bān Nokhvod; also known as Bān-e Khvod Bān Khvod Bā Nokhvod Karamkhānī and Pānkhūd) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 22 families.
 Taghandik (Persian: تغنديك‎ also Romanized as Taghāndik and Taqāndik; also known as Taghandak) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 29 families.
 Garchidan (Persian: گارچيدان‎ also Romanized as Gārchīdān; also known as Gārchīdān Bālā and Gārchīdān-e Bālā) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Now Mehan (Persian: نومهن‎ also Romanized as Now Mahan) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 63 families.
 Fort Edward is a village in Washington County New York United States. It is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village population was 3375 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from the younger brother of King George III Edward Augustus Duke of York and Albany.The village is part of the town of Fort Edward.
 Çavuşlu is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Zalesie Krasieńskie [zaˈlɛɕɛ kraˈɕɛɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Rejowiec Fabryczny 22 km (14 mi) west of Chełm and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nowa Wola [ˈnɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Michałowo and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hirebandadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Puttur taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Vandithavalam is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It is among the villages administered by Perumatty gram panchayat.
 Vaj (Persian: وج‎; also known as Wajeh) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 15 families.
 Lalpur Nepal is a Village Development Committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3412 people residing in 621 individual households.
 Bilska Wola [ˈbilska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Pucołowo [put͡sɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Śrem and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 30.
 Tazeh Kand-e Baba Ganjeh (Persian: تازه كندباباگنجه‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Bābā Ganjeh) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 13 families.
 Zaborów [zaˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Uniejów 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stanari (Cyrillic: Станари) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Marchocice [marxɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Secemin 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Włoszczowa and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Buri (Persian: بوري‎ also Romanized as Būrī; also known as Būrīābād) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 10 families.
 Yengi Kand (Persian: ينگي كند‎ also Romanized as Yengī Kand; also known as Deh Now-e Asadollāh Khān (Persian: ده نواسداله خان) Deh Now-e Asdollāh Khān and Deh Now-ye Asdollāh Khān) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2057 in 507 families.
 Krzywda [ˈkʂɨvda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przodkowo 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 25 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jangarek-e Pain (Persian: جنگارك پائين‎ also Romanized as Jangārek-e Pā’īn; also known as Jangārk) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 26 families.
 Rudka [ˈrutka] is a village in Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rudka. It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1400.
 Bungtang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2269 living in 465 individual households.
 Turbohove is a village in the municipality of Leshnjë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Deh Beh (Persian: ده به‎) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1264 in 298 families.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Kiisa is a village in Sauga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Muguru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tirumakudal Narsipur taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Qaleh-ye Mohammad Ali (Persian: قلعه محمدعلي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī; also known as Qal‘a Imam Ali Qal‘eh Imām ‘Ali and Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alīkhān) is a village in Shizar Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 40 families.
 Golparak (Persian: گل پرك‎) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 39 families.
 Kal Kureh (Persian: كل كوره‎ also Romanized as Kal Kūreh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Platerów [plaˈtɛruf] is a village in Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Platerów. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Łosice and 125 km (78 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 812.
 Sławików [swaˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Rudnik 12 km (7 mi) north of Racibórz and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 500.
 Przyłuski [pʂɨˈwuskʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Biała Rawska 21 km (13 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Okpo is a village in Madaya Township Pyin Oo Lwin District in the Mandalay Region of central Burma. It is located northeast of Madaya and lies on the Mandalay Canal just south of the Madaya River. In the 16th century the Gwe Shans built a stockade in the village.
 Romankowo [rɔmanˈkɔvɔ] (German Romsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sępopol 17 km (11 mi) east of Bartoszyce and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 280.
 Borycz [ˈbɔrɨt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbicko within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kosobudy [kɔsɔˈbudɨ] (formerly German Birkholz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złocieniec within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Złocieniec 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 92 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gołuski [ɡɔˈwuski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dopiewo and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 249.
 Strzelce Wielkie [ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Piaski 6 km (4 mi) east of Gostyń and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 352.
 Krasowo-Częstki [kraˈsɔvɔ ˈt͡ʂɛ̃stki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.During World War II on 17 July 1943 Nazi Germans murdered 257 Polish citizens of the village and burned down their properties.
 Homborsund is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Gąsierzyno [ɡɔ̃ɕeˈʐɨnɔ] (formerly German Ganserin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Stepnica 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 190.
 Mazraeh (Persian: مزرعه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh; also known as Khalīl Sarferāz) is a village in Rostaq Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kałęczyn [kaˈwɛnt͡ʂɨn] (German: Kallenczin; 1938-45: Kallenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Dźwierzuty 19 km (12 mi) north of Szczytno and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1089 in 261 families.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Koszęcin 18 km (11 mi) east of Lubliniec and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 156.
 Khánh Lâm is a commune (xã) and village in U Minh District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Laliny [laˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Garwolin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Sajóvelezd is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Telia is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2292 people living in 495 individual households.
 Sadrabad (Persian: صدراباد‎ also Romanized as Şadrābād) is a village in Raviz Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Banestan Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Verhni Sinivtsi (Ukrainian: Верхні Синівці; Romanian: Sinăuţii de Sus) is a commune in Hlyboka Raion Chernivtsi Oblast Ukraine. It is composed of two villages Verhni Sinivtsi and Nijni Sinivtsi (Нижні Синівці; Sinăuţii de Jos).
 Jafarabad-e Sofla (Persian: جعفرابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād-e Soflá; also known as Ja‘farābād-e Pā’īn Ja‘farābād-e Fārūj and Ja‘farābād) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 863 in 223 families.
 Kınık is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Młynkowo [mwɨnˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połajewo within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Połajewo 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Czarnków and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Now and Deh-i-Nau) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Aghbolagh-e Mokhur (Persian: اغبلاغ مخور‎ also Romanized as Āghbolāgh-e Mokhūr; also known as Āqbolāgh) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 25 families.
 Demirbel is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Brukowo [bruˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Suchowola 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bagh-e Barzuiyeh (Persian: باغ برزوئيه‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Barzū’īyeh; also known as Bāghborzī) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 13 families.
 Ban Napho is a village in Sainyabuli Province Laos. It is located to the northeast of Muang Saiapoun and southwest of Muang Pa.
 Qalebi-ye Olya (Persian: قالبي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qālebī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qālebī) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. In the 2006 census its population was measured at 392 with 97 families.
 Hemmatabad (Persian: همت اباد‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād and Himmatābād) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District Bala Velayat District Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1616 in 368 families.
 Samadlu (Persian: صمدلو‎ also Romanized as Şamadlū; also known as Līt Valī Qeshlāqī) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 28 families.
 Pęchratka Mała [pɛ̃ˈxratka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Andrzejewo 15 km (9 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 103 km (64 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 230.
 Lubenka [luˈbɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Łomazy 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Soltani (Persian: سلطاني‎ also Romanized as Solţānī) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 30 families.
 Khaneqah-e Bafrajerd (Persian: خانقاه بفراجرد‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e Bafrājerd and Khāneqāh Bafrājerd; also known as Hanaga and Khanaga) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 893 in 196 families.
 Ziarud (Persian: زيارود‎ also Romanized as Zīārūd; also known as Zīārū) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 42 families.
 Dorunak (Persian: درونك‎ also Romanized as Dorūnak Darūnak and Derūnak; also known as Darinak and Qal‘eh-ye Dorūnak) is a village in Famur Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 69 families.
 Chah-e Banan-e Vasat (Persian: چاه بنان وسط‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Banān-e Vasaṭ; also known as Chāhbanān) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 28 families.
 Dor (Persian: در‎ also Romanized as Dar or Dorr; also known as Dowr and Durr) is a village in Nivan Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 171 families.
 Kremena is a village in Balchik Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Göllüören is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 136 people.
 Vellarada is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.It is 28.8km from Thiruvananthapuram. It is the southern most part of Kerala state sharing its border with Tamil Nadu. Vellarada is said to be the threshold to the highrange areas of eastern part of Thiruvananthapuram district.
 Emów [ˈɛmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wiązowna 4 km (2 mi) north of Otwock and 21 km (13 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Jaźwiny [jaʑˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Grzymiradz [ɡʐɨˈmirat͡s] (formerly German Grünrade) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dębno 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Myślibórz and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 223.
 Stodolne [stɔˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Talupula is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Šemnice (German: Schömitz) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tumin (Arabic: تومين‎ also spelled Toumine) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate southwest of Hama. Nearby localities include Deir al-Fardis to the northwest Kafr Buhum to the north al-Rastan to the south and Houla to the southwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Tumin had a population of 2129 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Greek Orthodox Christians.
 Lawngmin is a village on the Chindwin River in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Doukouria is a village and rural commune of the Cercle of Goudam in the Tombouctou Region of Mali.
 Dobrynin [dɔˈbrɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przecław within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Przecław 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Mielec and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād; also known as Fathēbād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 46 families.
 Dehuyeh (Persian: دهويه‎ also Romanized as Dehūyeh; also known as Deh Mūyeh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 23 families.
 Sány is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Krzczeń [kʂt͡ʂɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ludwin 10 km (6 mi) north of Łęczna and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kavich (Persian: كويچ‎ also Romanized as Kavīch) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 569 in 151 families.
 Sukhtehi (Persian: سوخته اي‎ also Romanized as Sūkhteh’ī) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sadatabad (Persian: سادات اباد‎ also Romanized as Sādātābād) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 11 families.
 Kılıçkaya is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 62 people.
 Asb-e Marz (Persian: اسب مرز‎) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 119 families.
 Dasht-e Arzhan (Persian: دشت ارژن‎; also known as Dachte-Arjan Dasht-e Arjan Dasht-e Arzhaneh and Dasht-i- Arjan) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2557 in 585 families.
 Sedhawa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2184 people living in 397 individual households.
 Kazor is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260872.
 Qabr-e Sefid (Persian: قبرسفيد‎ also Romanized as Qabr-e Sefīd) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Żerechowa [ʐɛrɛˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łęki Szlacheckie 20 km (12 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 254.
 Branewka [braˈnɛfka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dzwola 10 km (6 mi) east of Janów Lubelski and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Darreh Nikuiyeh (Persian: دره نيكوييه‎ also Romanized as Darreh Nīkū’īyeh; also known as Darreh Nagū’īyeh) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Yazd-e Now (Persian: يزدنو‎ also Romanized as Yazd Now) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 97 families.
 Pol-e Band (Persian: پل بند‎ also Romanized as Pol Band; also known as Pūlband) is a village in Dasht-e Taybad Rural District Miyan Velayat District Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2092 in 440 families.
 Lashmar Zamakh (Persian: لشمرزمخ‎ also Romanized as Lash Mar Zomokh and Leshmarzemakh) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 77 families.
 Kharbozan-e Bala (Persian: خربزان بالا‎ also Romanized as Kharbozān-e Bālā; also known as Kharbozān) is a village in Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District Zarrinabad District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 32 families.
 Clogheen (Irish: Chloichín an Mhargaid meaning Little Stone of the Market) is a village in South Tipperary Ireland. The census of 2006 recorded the population at 509 people.
 Dorsze [ˈdɔrʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Wda [vda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Lubichowo 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 417.
 Niedarczów Dolny-Wieś [ɲɛˈdart͡ʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrząb within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Różanka [ruˈʐaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Strzyżów and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Chelownah Sar (Persian: چلونه سر‎; also known as Chalakasar Chalānā Sār Chalāneh Sar Chalmeh Sarā Chateh Naz̧ar Chelneh Sar Chelownaşar and Chelow Sar) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1294 in 285 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Galak (Persian: مزرعه گلك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Galak) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 17 families.
 Pakhapani is a Village Development Committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2969 people residing in 556 individual households. This village has 3 high schools located at namely pakhapani simley and lamtun. Has 9 ward and has health post centre in each ward. Majority of the people have gone abroad for job and remitance from them represents the economy.
 Pisarzowice [pisaʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Pissarzowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Toszek 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 399.
 Tontogany is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 367 at the 2010 census.
 Borzęckie [bɔˈʐɛnt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Złoczew 23 km (14 mi) south of Sieradz and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Javanan-e Goruh (Persian: جوانان گروه‎ also Romanized as Javānān-e Gorūh Javanan Gorooh and Javānān Gorūh; also known as Gavan Gīrūh Gavaneh Gīrveyā Geviana Girvia and Gevyana-Gireya) is a village in Arzil Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Rojewice [rɔjɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rojewo 20 km (12 mi) north of Inowrocław 23 km (14 mi) west of Toruń and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Hanama Sagar is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Qez Qaleh (Persian: قزقلعه‎ also Romanized as Qez Qal‘eh; also known as Ghez Ghal’eh and Qiz Qal’eh) is a village in Dizaj Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 839 in 194 families.
 Dębowiec [dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 11 families.
 Auraia is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Mysławczyce [mɨswafˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Laluk (Persian: للوك‎ also Romanized as Lalūk) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 22 families.
 Ludwików [ludˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Przygodzice 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 116 km (72 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Marungulam is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Vizitsa is a village in the municipality of Malko Tarnovo in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Aranthodu (ಅರಂತೋಡು) is a village located 12 km south to Sullia town towards Madikeri and Mysore. The village is surrounded with rich water sources which in fact prompted for its name. 'Aranthodu' is derived from 'aaru thodu' in Kannada means six water canals. The river Payaswini flows through this village. This is one of the progressive villages in Sullia taluk. The village livelihood mainly depends on agriculture/horticulture.
 Donji Nevizdraci (Cyrillic: Доњи Невиздраци) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ahmetler is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 161 people.
 Zahořany (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jeevapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Jagnjenica is a village in North Kosovo.
 Mączno [ˈmɔnt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Będzino 12 km (7 mi) west of Koszalin and 129 km (80 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dęby [ˈdɛmbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Łyse 36 km (22 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 134 km (83 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Sangtab (Persian: سنگتاب‎ also Romanized as Sangtāb and Sang Tāb) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 786 in 215 families.
 Qira (Arabic: قِيرة‎) was a Palestinian village located 23 kilometers southeast of Haifa. In Canaanite times the town was known as Yokneam and in Roman times as Cimona.
 Karanj (Persian: كارنج‎ also Romanized as Kāranj and Kārenj; also known as Kārbeḩ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 21 families.
 Vannakkudi is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu in India.
 Owghash (Persian: اوغاش‎ also Romanized as Owghāsh; also known as Owqāshī) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pustkowie Jędrzejewskie [pustˈkɔvjɛ jɛndʐɛˈjɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Krotoszyn and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 50.
 Yadaram is a village and panchayat in Rangareddy district AP India. It comes under Medchal mandal.
 Mątewki [mɔnˈtɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokrsko within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mokrsko 9 km (6 mi) west of Wieluń and 96 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kleosin [klɛˈɔɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Juchnowiec Kościelny and 5 km (3 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 5700.
 Kitki [ˈkitki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dzierzgowo 16 km (10 mi) east of Mława and 106 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kushat-e Dum (Persian: كوشات دوم‎ also Romanized as Kūshāt-e Dūm) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 11 families.
 Mowtowr-e Navab Jadgal (Persian: موتورنواب جدگال‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Navāb Jadgāl) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 24 families.
 Ayesheh Dul (Persian: عايشه دول‎ also Romanized as ‘Āyesheh Dūl) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District Shahu District Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Kahnshuiyeh (Persian: كهنشوييه‎ also Romanized as Kahnshū’īyeh; also known as Kahn Gashū’īyeh Kahngeshū’īyeh Kohneh Shū’īyeh and Kohneshū’īyeh) is a village in Berentin Rural District Bikah District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1013 in 205 families.
 Gaastmeer (West Frisian: De Gaastmar) is a small village in Wymbritseradiel in the province Friesland in the Netherlands. It had 287 citizens in 2006.
 Rafiabad (Persian: رفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Rafī‘ābād) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Mandalapuram is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Sapahi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7209 persons living in 1275 individual households.
 Sagesund is a small village in the municipality of Tvedestrand in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located in the middle of Oksefjorden. Sagesund is located 6.2 kilometres (3.9 mi) from Tvedestrand on county road 411. There is also bus service from Tvedestrand.Approximately 50 people live there on a permanent basis. It is popular in the summer when the population at least doubles. It has a marina for recreational boats a sports arena with tennis courts and a beach volleyball field.
 Dębska Wola [ˈdɛmpska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Morawica and 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 650.
 Kuźnica Skakawska [kuʑˈnit͡sa skaˈkafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wieruszów and 108 km (67 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hamerbark [xaˈmɛrbark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Stara Kiszewa 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 20.
 Largichi (Persian: لارگيچي‎ also Romanized as Lārgīchī) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 589 in 154 families.
 Słaborowice [swabɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Boroštica is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 379 people.
 Ulhówek [ulˈxuvɛk] is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ulhówek. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 123 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1262.[citation needed]
 Gradini is a village in General Toshevo Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Sarkajeh (Persian: سركاجه‎ also Romanized as Sarkājeh) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 12 families.
 Podstary Zamość [pɔtsˈtarɨ ˈzamɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Tidriku (also known as Tiidriki and Tiidrigi) is an uninhabited village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northern Estonia.
 Wola Krzywiecka [ˈvɔla kʂɨˈvjɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Krzywcza 14 km (9 mi) west of Przemyśl and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Wilson is a village in Belmont and Monroe counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is part of the Wheeling West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 125 at the 2010 census.
 Heshmatabad (Persian: حشمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeshmatābād and Hashmatābād) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 537 in 131 families.
 Dušanovo is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 236 people.
 Lovci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 228 people.
 Dorraj-e Sofla (Persian: دراج سفلي‎ also Romanized as Dorrāj-e Soflá and Darāj-e Soflá) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 22 families.
 Cieklińsko [t͡ɕeˈkliɲskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Ruda Maleniecka 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Końskie and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 130.
 Çavak is a village in the Mersin Province Turkey. Administratively it's part of Yenişehir district (which is an intracity district within Mersin city). The population of the village is 1132 as of 2011. The village is north of the city center.
 Lüllemäe is a village in Valga County in southern Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Karula Parish. Lüllemäe has a population of 202 (as of 1 January 2004).Lüllemäe is home to Karula St. Mary's church. The church was first mentioned in 1392 but it is believed to have been built in 1318. Meanwhile it has been demolished several times last in the World War II in 1944. The latest new church was built in 1997. There are also four historical cemeteries in Lüllemäe.
 Jhansal is an ancient village in Bhadra tehsil of Hanumangarh district in Rajasthan India. It is located in north eastern corner of the district adjoining Haryana border. It is about 20 km in north-east of Bhadra (Hanumangarh) on Bhadra-Hisar road. As of 2001 census its population is 5389 out of them 1419 are Schedule Caste people.
 Kuchary [kuˈxarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Tang-e Talkh (Persian: تنگ تلخ‎) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Strzyżno [ˈstʂɨʐnɔ] (formerly German Streesen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Stargard Szczeciński and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 377.
 Thimiri is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala. there is an ancient Shiva temple;Thimiri Sree Shiva Kshethra.
 Çotlu is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Joandu is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It lies on the right bank of the Loobu River.
 Punthalathazham (പുന്തലത്താഴം)[Geography: 8°53'43N 76°38'21E] is a landlocked village situated in the Indian state of Kerala. It is located around six kilometres east of the Kollam (Quilon)city towards Kannanalloor (on Kollam-Kannanalloor-Ayoor road).This place has a little geographical importance and serves as the tail boundary of Kollam corporation.Inhabitants belong to working and middle classes.
 Balalan is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 94 people.
 Stawiszynek [staviˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Świnice Warckie 17 km (11 mi) west of Łęczyca and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Donja Sipulja is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 244 people.
 Lubsin [ˈlupɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Piotrków Kujawski 12 km (7 mi) south of Radziejów and 56 km (35 mi) south of Toruń.
 Pustków [ˈpustkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chahar Angaj-e Jowkar (Persian: چهارانگج جوكار‎ also Romanized as Chahār Angaj-e Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 27 families.
 Karamık is a village in the District of Çay Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Trzeboń [ˈtʂɛbɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łobżenica 40 km (25 mi) east of Piła and 98 km (61 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kheyrabad-e Hajji Ahmad (Persian: خيرابادحاجي احمد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e Ḩājjī Aḩmad) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Bambaragama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ab Araq (Persian: ابعراق‎ also Romanized as Āb ‘Arāq) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 16 families.
 Rutak (Persian: روتك‎ also Romanized as Rūtak; also known as Rūdtak) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 87 families.
 Zamość [ˈzamɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Karsin 31 km (19 mi) south of Kościerzyna and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 209.
 Pacheh-ye Anjir (Persian: پاچه انجير‎ also Romanized as Pācheh-ye Ānjīr) is a village in Boli Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Buleh Kola (Persian: بوله كلا‎ also Romanized as Būleh Kolā) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 90 families.
 Krowica Zawodnia [krɔˈvit͡sa zaˈvɔdɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Kalisz and 122 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shahrak-e Hamzeh (Persian: شهرك حمزه‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ḩamzeh) is a village in Kheybar Rural District Choghamish District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1959 in 376 families.
 Rutkowice [rutkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Wrzosy [ˈvʐɔsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przystajń within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Przystajń 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Kłobuck and 71 km (44 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 128.
 Dul Bid (Persian: دول بيد‎ also Romanized as Dūl Bīd and Dūlbīd; also known as Dūl Bīd-e Vosţá) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 12 families.
 Fesha-e Olya (Persian: فشائعليا‎ also Romanized as Feshā’-e ‘Olyā; also known as Fashāh Feshāh-e ‘Olyā and Pashā-e Olyā) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Uzunlar is a village in the District of Akyurt Ankara Province Turkey.
 Qashoqtarash Mahalleh (Persian: قاشق تراش محله‎ also Romanized as Qāshoqtarāsh Maḩalleh; also known as Qāshoqtarāsh) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 105 families.
 Chah-e Farsh (Persian: چاه فرش‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Farsh and Chāh Farsh) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 44 families.
 Kelisiun (Persian: كليسيون‎ also Romanized as Kelīsīūn; also known as Kalīseyān Kelīsīān Kelīsyūm Kelīsyūn Kelsīān and Qal‘eh Siūn) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 49 families.
 Rdutów [ˈrdutuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Kutno and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Siyah Mansur Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 33 families.
 Brambory is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qolqol (Persian: قلقل‎ also Romanized as Qol Qol) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1412 in 345 families.
 Bolans is a community on the south-western end of the island of Antigua headtown of the Saint Mary's Parish. It was once an agrarian community but has slowly been transformed into a centre of tourist activity. There are those in the community who involve themselves in agricultural activity more as an avenue of feeding themselves or adding some needed income.
 Buczek [ˈbut͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Poświętne 10 km (6 mi) north of Opoczno and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Iłów 18 km (11 mi) west of Sochaczew and 70 km (43 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Skoczkowo [skɔt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Zawidz 12 km (7 mi) east of Sierpc and 106 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Tavakkolabad (Persian: توكل اباد‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 14 families.
 Goryń [ˈɡɔrɨɲ] (German: Guhringen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kisielice within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kisielice 20 km (12 mi) west of Iława and 85 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Gadomiec-Wyraki [ɡaˈdɔmjɛt͡s vɨˈraki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chay Kandi (Persian: چاي كندي‎ also Romanized as Chāy Kandī) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 112 families.
 Allapalli is a village located in the Gadchiroli district of Maharashtra India. This is the central point for travel access to all five talukas of the Southern Gadchiroli District.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kawęczyn. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Turek and 123 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Żdżary-Kolonia [ˈʐd͡ʐarɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Varakanhalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kuczki-Wieś [ˈkut͡ʂki ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gózd within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gózd 13 km (8 mi) east of Radom and 98 km (61 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Hamzah Khanlu (Persian: حمزه خانلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩamzah Khānlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 32 families.
 Skælingur (Danish: Skælling) is a village on the west of the Faroese island of Streymoy in the Kvívíkar municipality.The 2010 population was 13. Its postal code is FO 336. It is by the mountain Skælingsfjall one of the tallest mountains in the archipelago with its 767 meters.
 Chahar Suq (Persian: چهارسوق‎ also Romanized as Chahār Sūq) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 7 families.
 Iriwang (Nepali: इरिवाङ Iriwāng) -- also transliterated to Eriwāng -- is a village development committee in Rolpa District in Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census 4217 people were living within 743 individual households.
 Dereczanka [dɛrɛˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 110 km (68 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Glinica [ɡliˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Miechów and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 160.
 Libchyně is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Cham Rastamian (Persian: چم رستميان‎ also Romanized as Cham Rastamīān) is a village in Jayedar Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 8 families.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khairābād) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 52 families.
 Shahidayit-e Shandak (Persian: شهيدايت شندك‎ also Romanized as Shahīdāyīt-e Shandak) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 67 families.
 Gyöngyfa is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Shirinu (Persian: شيرينو‎ also Romanized as Shīrīnū ans Shirinoo) is a village in Chah Varz Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 380 in 74 families.
 Mochle [ˈmɔxlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Sicienko and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 300.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Przasnysz and 78 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Daspan is a village in the Bhinmal tehsil of Jalore district of Rajasthan state in India. It is 25 km west of Bhinmal . The place is known for the heritage hotel Castle Durjan Niwas .Castle Durjan Niwas is a small but beautiful fortress palace built in the early 19th century by the Rathore Champawat clan of Marwar. Many changes and additions were made into the old fortress and present structure is just a shadow of the original.
 Husbysjøen is a village in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It was the administrative centre of the former municipality of Stjørna prior to its merger into neighboring Rissa in 1964. The village is located along the Sørfjorden an arm of the Stjørnfjord. It is about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south of Råkvåg about 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Hasselvika and about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of the lake Storvatnet. Just north of the village is the Ramsvik Church.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād; also known as Mansoori and Manşūr) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 9 families.
 Pšánky is a village and municipality in Hradec Králové District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Smolugi-Kolonia [smɔˈluɡi kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 51.
 Kurozwęki [kurɔˈzvɛnki] is a village in the district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies on the Czarna Staszowska river in the historic province of Lesser Poland approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Staszów and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village's history dates back to the 13th century. It had city rights from before 1400 to 1870.
 Tabaqlu (Persian: طبقلو‎ also Romanized as Ţabaqlū) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 15 families.
 Kotenčice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 La Mesada is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Gornje Mrzlo Polje Mrežničko is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 Erukattur is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Dalbe is a village in Latvia Ozolnieki municipality. The village located at Misa river approximately 28 km from the capital Riga and 14 km from city Jelgava.
 Tazehabad (Persian: تازه اباد‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād; also known as Tazeabad and Tāzehābād-e Khoshkbījār) is a village in Hajji Bekandeh-ye Koshk-e Bijar Rural District Khoshk-e Bijar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 92 families.
 Pappakudi (South) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 34 families.
 Kolano [kɔˈlanɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Stężyca 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 78.
 Sazeman-e Hajj Seyd (Persian: سازمان حاج سيد‎ also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Ḩājj Seyd) is a village in Daland Rural District in the Central District of Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 27 families.
 Qaleh Ekhlas (Persian: قلعه اخلاص‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Ekhlāş; also known as Ghal‘eh Ekhlas) is a village in Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 53 families.
 Tuszyn (German: Hennersdorf) is a village within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Pawłów [ˈpavwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.The village has a population of 225.
 Vartavan (Persian: ورتوان‎ also Romanized as Vartavān) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 73 families.
 Kikaste is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Dehdulan (Persian: دهدولان‎ also Romanized as Dehdūlān; also known as Dehdolān) is a village in Sharabian Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 32 families.
 Miłoszyce [miwɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Meleschwitz Fünfteichen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Before 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Jelcz-Laskowice 13 km (8 mi) north of Oława and 22 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nenovići (Cyrillic: Неновићи) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ayazini is a village in the District of İhsaniye Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Prählamäe is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Dadıköy is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Kum is a village in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Konorzatka [kɔnɔˈʐatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Adamów 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Łuków and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 220.
 Akin is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Graberje Ivanićko is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Dehideniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Aq Zabir (Persian: اقزبير‎ also Romanized as Āq Zabīr and Eqzebīr; also known as Āq Zīr) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 789 in 173 families.
 Mahankal is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4086 and had 803 houses in the village.
 Bramki [ˈbramki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Błonie 20 km (12 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 34 km (21 mi) west of Warsaw center.The village has a population of 1047 (data as of 30.06.2010).
 Gurla Thammirajupeta is a village panchayat in Mentada mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India.It is located about 28.4 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.There is a Zilla Parishad High School in the village.There is a post office at Gurla Tammirajupeta. PIN code is 535 273.
 Beleni (Cyrillic: Белени) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bieganowo [bjɛɡaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kołaczkowo 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Września and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bidestan (Persian: بيدستان‎ also Romanized as Bīdestān) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 22 families.
 Gurubebila is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Golbahar-e Olya (Persian: گل بهارعليا‎ also Romanized as Golbahār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 12 families.
 Seh Chekeh (Persian: سه چكه‎; also known as Suchkeh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Leopoldowo [lɛɔpɔlˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Łomża and 86 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Salem is a village in Richardson County Nebraska United States. The population was 112 at the 2010 census.
 Borki Pichelskie [ˈbɔrki piˈxɛlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sokolniki 17 km (11 mi) east of Wieruszów and 91 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chalkal-e Sofla (Persian: چال كل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chālkal-e Soflá Chāl Gal-e Soflá and Chāl Kal-e Soflá) is a village in Jayedar Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 22 families.
 Nyalata is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Kharruba was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict of Mandatory Palestine near Modi'in. It was located 8 km east of Ramla. It was depopulated on July 12 1948 during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
 Kodunuiyeh (Persian: كدونوئيه‎ also Romanized as Kodūnū’īyeh and Kedūnū’īyeh; also known as Kadnoo’iyeh Kodnū’īyeh Kodonūīyeh and Kudnuyeh) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 40 families.
 Acısu is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mazewo [maˈzɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Szczuczyn 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Orah or Suvi Orah (Macedonian: Орах) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia administrative located in the Staro Nagoričane municipality near town Kumanovo in the micro-region of Sredorek.
 Cierpkie [ˈt͡ɕɛrpkʲɛ] (German: Friedheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Pasłęk 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Paoča is a village in the municipality of Čitluk Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bogumiłów [bɔɡuˈmiwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żary within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Żary and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 230.
 Cordova is a village in Seward County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 137 at the 2010 census.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 11 families.
 Karahacılı is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Neitla is a village in Albu Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Unin [ˈunin] (German: Tonnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wolin 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Maciejowice [mat͡ɕejɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Zbuczyn 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Siedlce and 110 km (68 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Vellalloor is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Geday (Persian: گداي‎ also Romanized as Gedāy; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District in the Central District of Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 101 families.
 Grocholice [ɡrɔxɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Poddębice and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Talesh Mahalleh-ye Bahambar (Persian: طالش محله بهمبر‎ also Romanized as Ţālesh Maḩalleh-ye Bahambar; also known as Goldasht and Ţālesh Maḩalleh) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 30 families.
 Marshfield is a village in the town of Marshfield in Washington County Vermont United States. The population was 273 at the 2010 census.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] (German: Paatzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Resko 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Łobez and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Wojniaki [vɔi̯ˈɲakʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Pokrówka 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Chełm and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Chakher Ahmad (Persian: چاخراحمد‎ also Romanized as Chākher Aḩmad; also known as Chāqer Aḩmad) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 45 families.
 Lipno [ˈlʲipnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Brzeźnio 18 km (11 mi) south of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 90.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Pirsalman Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 43 families.
 Sivurupitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Święta Lipka [ˈɕfjɛnta ˈlipka] (German: Heiligelinde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Reszel 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Karadka is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Qaleh Jiq (Persian: قلعه جيق‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jīq and Qal‘ehjīq; also known as Qal‘eh Bīq Qal‘eh Jeq Qal’eh Jūq and Qal‘eh-ye Jūq) is a village in Dikleh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 14 families.
 Chełmo [ˈxɛu̯mɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of Radomsko and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Akhi Jahan (Persian: اخي جهان‎ also Romanized as Ākhī Jahān and Akhījahān; also known as Ākhar-e Jahān) is a village in Qazi Jahan Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2290 in 589 families.
 Sarabad Bar Aftab (Persian: سارآباد برآفتاب‎ also Romanized as Sārābād Bar Āftāb; also known as Sarabad) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Kashmir (Persian: كشمير‎ also Romanized as Kashmīr) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 62 families.
 Dominów [dɔˈminuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zeleneč is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Brattekleiv is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان آباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Sharqi Rural District Chaharduli District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 28 families.
 Moragahaulpota is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Raduhovce is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 402 people.
 Siah Manseh-ye Pain (Persian: سياه منسه پائين‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Manseh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Pā’īn Sīāh Mūneseh Seyāh Mūneseh Sīāh Mūneseh and Sīāh Mūnseh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 85 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Hatem (Persian: قشلاق حاتم‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩātem) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Shir Shotor (Persian: شيرشتر‎ also Romanized as Shīr Shotor) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Obórki [ɔˈburki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Jednorożec 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Przasnysz and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Hoseynabad-e Sarzeh (Persian: حسين ابادسرزه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sarzeh; also known as Ḩoseynābād Ḩoseynābād Larzeh and Husainābād) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 20 families.
 Karti (Persian: كرتي‎ also Romanized as Kartī Keretī and Kerti) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 522 in 120 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Milejów-Osada 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Łęczna and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 103.
 Kadılar is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 195 people.
 Pay Kuh-e Sefid (Persian: پاي كوه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Pāy Kūh-e Sefīd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 20 families.
 Krynica [krɨˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Suchożebry 16 km (10 mi) north of Siedlce and 90 km (56 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Tahli is a village in 5 km of begowal. dasuya is a tehsil in the city hoshiarpur of Indian state of Punjab.This village also named Khokharan.
 Ratwara a village in Sitamarhi district of Bihar India also known as Vishnupur Ratwara or Bishunpur Ratwara. The village comes under Bajpatti block. Ratwara is about 14km east of Sitamarhi district headquarters (Dumra) and about 10km west of Janakpur Road aka Pupri. Ratwara is well connected by road to Sitamarhi and Pupri. The nearest railway station is Bajpatti (about 6km) and the nearest airport is Patna (about 130km).
 Mavalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bhatkal taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Kulina is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.Philologist Nikolai Anderson (1845–1905) was born in Kulina.
 Vik is a village in the municipality of Flatanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located about 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) west of the municipal center of Lauvsnes. The village has a school a shop and Vik Church.
 Mazraeh-ye Molla Hadi (Persian: مزرعه ملاهادي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mollā Hādī) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Janowiec Kościelny 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 160.
 Pumahuasi is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Deh Mian (Persian: ده ميان‎ also Romanized as Deh Mīān Deh-e Mīān Deh Meyān and Deh Mīyān; also known as Deh Mīūn and Deh-i-Miun) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 531 in 102 families.
 Nugapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Darżewo [darˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Lębork and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 262.
 Rudy [ˈrudɨ] also known as Rudy Wielkie (Great Rudy) or Rudy Raciborskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnia Raciborska within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Kuźnia Raciborska 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Racibórz and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Matiaszów [maˈtjaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Osiek 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Staszów and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 268.
 Shir-e Tar (Persian: شيرتر‎ also Romanized as Shīr-e Tar) is a village in Lulaman Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 60 families.
 Maldeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Benow (Persian: بنو‎ also Romanized as Benow and Beno) is a village in Tasuj Rural District Shonbeh and Tasuj District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kotliszowice [kɔtliʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Kottlischowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Toszek 22 km (14 mi) north of Gliwice and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 286.
 Ilderjin (Persian: ايلدرجين‎ also Romanized as Īlderjīn Īldarchīn Ildarjin and Ildrajīn; also known as Andarjīn Enderajīn Enderjīn and Indrājīn) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 54 families.
 Nevratice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wyśmierzyce 14 km (9 mi) west of Białobrzegi and 69 km (43 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 40.
 Dash Kasan (Persian: داشكسن‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Kasan) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Reczpol [ˈrɛt͡ʂpɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Krzywcza 15 km (9 mi) west of Przemyśl and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Jedlnia-Letnisko 12 km (7 mi) east of Radom and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Lewdeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qarah Qasemlu (Persian: قرهقاسملو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qāsemlū) is a village in Gowg Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1666 in 346 families.
 Khasyoli is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2581 people living in 501 individual households.
 Rara Kalai is a village development committee in Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1168.
 Mazraeh-ye Harunak (Persian: مزرعه هارونك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Hārūnak and Mazra‘eh Hārūnak; also known as Hārūnak) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Dźwierszno Małe [ˈd͡ʑvjɛrʂnɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Łobżenica 46 km (29 mi) north-east of Piła and 106 km (66 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Soběhrdy is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Entronque de Herradura is one of thirteen villages (consejos populares) belonging to Consolación del Sur in Pinar del Río Province Cuba. It has a land extesion of 5984 km² (23.1 square of miles).
 Bhadrakali is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3621 people living in 619 individual households.
 Barice (Serbian Cyrillic: Барице; Romanian: Barice) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Plandište municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Romanian ethnic majority(8913%) and its population numbering 598 people (2002 census).
 Steg is a town in Liechtenstein located in the municipality of Triesenberg.
 Gąsiorowo [ɡɔ̃ɕɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Majdy [ˈmai̯dɨ] (German: Mauden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Stawiguda and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Derman (Persian: درمن‎ also Romanized as Dorman and Dormen; also known as Dīr Mār and Dīrmen) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1238 in 345 families.
 Shpaky (Ukrainian: Шпаки) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine.From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Dehkadeh Qods (Persian: دهكده قدس‎) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 98 families.
 Wola Baranowska [ˈvɔla baraˈnɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Baranów Sandomierski 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Tarnobrzeg and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2266.
 Vrpsko is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
 Obrtince is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 14 people.
 Khormai (Persian: خرمايي‎ also Romanized as Khormā’ī; also known as Hormā’ī Khowrmeh and Khūrmai) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 28 families.
 Bielawki [bjɛˈlafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sulęczyno 29 km (18 mi) west of Kartuzy and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Aliabad-e Olya (Persian: علي ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as ‘Alīābād ‘Alīābād-e Bālā ‘Alīābād Chedān and ‘Alīābād-e Chodān) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 69 families.
 Słupia pod Kępnem [ˈswupja ˈpɔt ˈkɛmpnɛm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 1500.
 Allahabad is a village and union council of Hub Tehsil in the Lasbela District of Balochistan province Pakistan.
 Krzemieniewo [kʂɛmjɛˈɲɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kurzętnik 4 km (2 mi) east of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 71 km (44 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Dowleh Danlu (Persian: دوله دانلو‎ also Romanized as Dowleh Dānlū Dowladānlū Dowladānlu and Dūledānlū; also known as Dowlū) is a village in Jirestan Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 6 families.
 Chamunda Nepal is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7641 people living in 1342 individual households.
 Amiriyeh (Persian: اميريه‎ also Romanized as Amīrīyeh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 124 families.
 Stawiane [staˈvjanɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Kolno and 76 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 39.
 Chaungbya is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Azadegan (Persian: ازادگان‎ also Romanized as Āzādegān) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Ben District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 743 in 172 families.
 Okřínek is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Karpie [ˈkarpjɛ] (German: Karpfreiss) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemków within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Przemków 24 kilometres (15 mi) west of Polkowice and 102 kilometres (63 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 190.
 Jagannathpur is a village in Jharkhand India. It has a population of nearly 2500.Near by villages are Parulia and Kumardubi
 Pardeh (Persian: پارده‎ also Romanized as Pārdeh) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 10 families.
 Majdan Średni [ˈmai̯dan ˈɕrɛdni] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rudnik 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Krasnystaw and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Łączki [ˈwɔnt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dubiecko 31 km (19 mi) west of Przemyśl and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Asghar Khanlu (Persian: اصغرخانلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Asghar Khānlū; also known as ‘Asgar Khānlū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 44 families.
 Poznachowice Górne [pɔznaxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciechowice within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Raciechowice 15 km (9 mi) east of Myślenice and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 400.
 Gornja Studena is a village situated in Niška Banja municipality in Serbia.
 Trešnjevica (Cyrillic: Трешњевица) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kendelek (Persian: كندلك‎) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 36 families.
 Kanjevina is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 65 people.
 Knychówek [knɨˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Korczew 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 108 km (67 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Bistrica (Fojnica) is a village in the municipality of Fojnica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Margan-e Qadim (Persian: مرگن قديم‎ also Romanized as Margan-e Qadīm; also known as Margan) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 747 in 157 families.
 Kahnuj-e Damaneh (Persian: كهنوج دامنه‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj-e Dāmaneh; also known as Kahnūj) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Espeh Riz (Persian: اسپه ريز‎ also Romanized as Espeh Rīz; also known as Asbriz Asparāz Asparīz Asperīz Aspīrāz Asp-i-Riz and Esperīz) is a village in Shalyar Rural District Uraman District Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 7 families.
 Rahatabad (Persian: راحت اباد‎ also Romanized as Rāḩatābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 7 families.
 Goëngahuizen (West Frisian: Goaiïngahuzen) is a small village in Smallingerland in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 70 citizens (2004).
 Łączany [wɔnˈt͡ʂanɨ] (German Lankau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mendoza Chico is a village or populated centre in the Florida Department of southern-central Uruguay.
 Mowtowr-e 22 Bahman (Persian: موتور22بهمن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e 22 Bahman; also known as Mashāʿ-ye 22 Bahman (Persian: مشاع 22بهمن)) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dioundiou is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Poroštica is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 113 people.
 Marianki [maˈrjaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kutno and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Soltanqoli (Persian: سلطانقلي‎ also Romanized as Solţānqolī) is a village in Razavar Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 20 families.
 Ambadagatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Vitkovići (Cyrillic: Витковићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cevizlik is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 48 people.
 Khan Qoli (Persian: خانقلي‎ also Romanized as Khān Qolī) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 35 families.
 Bahram (Persian: بهرام‎ also Romanized as Bahrām; also known as Cheshmeh Kūreh) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 15 families.
 Krzykosy [kʂɨˈkɔsɨ] (German: Kröxen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Gardeja 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Kwidzyn and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 290.
 Mazraeh-ye Ali Mohammad Abdol Ghafari (Persian: مزرعه علي محمدعبدالغفاري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ʿAlī Moḩammad ʿAbdol Ghafārī) is a village in Faragheh Rural District in the Central District of Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łętów [ˈwɛntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Borowie 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Garwolin and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Rigak (Persian: ريگك‎ also Romanized as Rīgak) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 19 families.
 Szetlew [ˈʂɛtlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Zagórów 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Słupca and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Uduwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Biesiec [ˈbjɛɕɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Złoczew 24 km (15 mi) south of Sieradz and 68 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Yuvacık is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Upper Dzongu Forest Block is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260908.
 Bagverdi-ye Sofla (Persian: بگوردي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bagverdī-ye Soflá) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 62 families.
 Taczanów Drugi [taˈt͡ʂanuf ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pleszew and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mełno [ˈmɛu̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gruta within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ważyny [vaˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Nidzica and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 100.
 Simara is a village development committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5971 people living in 1051 individual households.
 Oreovica is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 128 people.
 Domiechowice [dɔmʲɛxɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kudiya is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7564 people living in 1252 individual households.
 Hepburn is a small farming and college community in Saskatchewan Canada approximately 45 kilometres north of Saskatoon.
 Chenne-kothapalle (Telugu: చెన్నే కొత్తపల్లె) is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Romanki [rɔˈmanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Blizanów 13 km (8 mi) north of Kalisz and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Midakanatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kaukvere is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Ruhollah (Persian: روح اله‎ also Romanized as Rūḩollāh) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Borucice [bɔruˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grabów 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cheshmeh Avash (Persian: چشمه اوش‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Āvash; also known as Cheshmeh Āveshk) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 73 families.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krypno within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bujayeh (Persian: بوجايه‎ also Romanized as Būjāyeh; also known as Būjā’ī Bū Jā’ī Būjā’ī Būjāneh and Bū Jāneh-ye Bālā) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3186 in 888 families.
 Gülümpaşalı is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village at 36°20′N 33°55′E is situated in the coastal plain of Silifke about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of the Mediterranean Sea coast and to the south of Turkish state highway D.400 connecting Mersin to Antalya. The distance to Silifke is 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) and to Mersin is 92 kilometres (57 mi). The population of Gülümpaşalı is 440 as of 2011.
 Aspathrekaval is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hunsur taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Nowy Browiniec [ˈnɔvɨ brɔˈviɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lubrza 12 km (7 mi) east of Prudnik and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bakije is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bláhová (Hungarian: Sárrét Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈʃaːrreːt] meaning Mudfield ) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.It has a post-office. There is a football playground and a public library in the village.
 Langarche is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2207 and had 449 houses in the village.
 Kureküla is a village in Puhja Parish Tartu County Estonia. It has a population of 33 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Mikalabad (Persian: ميكل اباد‎ also Romanized as Mīkalābād) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 61 families.
 Kuri Hayati (Persian: كوري حياتي‎ also Romanized as Kūrī Ḩayātī and Kūrīḩayātī) is a village in Kuri Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 164 families.
 Nowosielec [nɔvɔˈɕɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nisko within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Nisko and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1500.
 Płonina [pwɔˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztutowo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sztutowo 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Knyszyn 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Mońki and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Włodzimirów [vwɔd͡ʑiˈmiruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Bielice [bjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Mogilno 58 km (36 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of Toruń.In 2008 the village had a population of 292.
 Koludan (Persian: كلودان‎ also Romanized as Kolūdān; also known as Kaldūn Koldūn Kūldān and Kuldūn) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Lunak (Persian: لونك‎ also Romanized as Lūnak) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Łęg [wɛnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszyna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kruszyna 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 94.
 Sokolniki Klonowskie [sɔkɔlˈniki klɔˈnɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kostrzyn and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Slišane is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 245 people.
 Jow Poshtan (Persian: جوپشتان‎ also Romanized as Jow Poshtān) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 44 families.
 Wola Zabierzowska [ˈvɔla zabjɛˈʐɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niepołomice within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Niepołomice 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Wieliczka and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Yaka is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Radunje is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 87 people.
 Niranjanapur or Niranjanpur is a village in the Bidhuna tehsil of Auraiya District in Uttar Pradesh India.
 Sar Dowkaneh (Persian: سردوكانه‎ also Romanized as Sar Dowkāneh) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 16 families.
 Suchary [suˈxarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wilczyn 27 km (17 mi) north of Konin and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 40.
 Pluty [ˈplutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Konare Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Qeshlaq-e Mira Alam (Persian: قشلاق ميراعلم‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Mīrā ʿAlam) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 8 families.
 Kushk Sar (Persian: كوشك سار‎ also Romanized as Kūshk Sār and Kūshk-e Sār) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 150 families.
 Al Jawah is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Shreegaun is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6602.
 Bronków [ˈbrɔnkuf] (formerly German Brancke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bobrowice 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 35 km (22 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 320.
 Parnica (Maglaj) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chah Gorbeh (Persian: چاه گربه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gorbeh) is a village in Chupanan Rural District Anarak District Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kolsar (Persian: كلسر‎ also Romanized as Kal Sar; also known as Kalleh Sar Koliser and Kol Sar-e Bālā) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 117 families.
 Lipianki [liˈpjanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Ujazd 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Głuchów Górny [ˈɡwuxuf ˈɡurnɨ] (German: Ober-Glauche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Trzebnica and 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 210.
 Mała Krzeszna [ˈmawa ˈkʂɛʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Stężyca 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Cook is a village in Johnson County Nebraska United States. The population was 321 at the 2010 census.
 Kornelówka [kɔrnɛˈlufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sitno 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Zamość and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Los Ángeles (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Gūbriai is a village in Traksėdžio eldership (lt) Šilalė district municipality Tauragė County Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 97 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 80.
 Pannala II is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vlushë is a village in the municipality of Leshnjë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Bielice [bjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Maszewo 21 km (13 mi) east of Goleniów and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Amjaz (Persian: امجز‎) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 63 families.
 Sukhteh Luleh (Persian: سوخته لوله‎ also Romanized as Sūkhteh Lūleh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Jariyeh-ye Seyyed Musa (Persian: جريه سيدموسي‎ also Romanized as Jarīyeh-ye Seyyed Mūsá) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 39 families.
 Kowersk [ˈkɔvɛrsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 16 families.
 Rokitno-Majątek [rɔˈkitnɔ maˈjɔntɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Allika is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Koogu is a village in Aseri Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Pomyków [pɔˈmɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Przysucha and 99 km (62 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 400.
 Davariyeh (Persian: داوريه‎ also Romanized as Dāvarīyeh; also known as Gonbeyeh Kan) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 37 families.
 Wicko Morskie [ˈvit͡skɔ ˈmɔrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Postomino 21 km (13 mi) north of Sławno and 183 km (114 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 55.
 Danda Bazar is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2476 people living in 508 individual households.
 Bovirdeh (Persian: بويرده‎ also Romanized as Bovīrdeh and Boveyr Deh; also known as Bavāredeh and Bwairda) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 12 families.
 Dąbrowa-Tworki [dɔmˈbrɔva ˈtfɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 30.
 Koźminek [kɔʑˈminɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczaniec within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Szczaniec 15 km (9 mi) east of Świebodzin 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 135.
 Bychawka Trzecia [bɨˈxafka ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Chahar Taq (Persian: چهارطاق‎ also Romanized as Chahār Ţāq) is a village in Naghan Rural District Naghan District Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 50 families.
 Słoków [ˈswɔkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Lubrza 9 km (6 mi) east of Prudnik and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Syalapakha is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4596 people living in 905 individual households.
 Saltangará is a village in the Faroe Islands on the island of Eysturoy.Saltangará was founded in 1846 and is situated on the eastern side of Eysturoys Skalafjordur-inlet between Rituvík and Søldarfjørður.The name is derived from three words: angar comes from the Old Norse angr which means a fjord or bay; á means a stream; and salt has the same meaning in Faroese Icelandic and English.The village is located in the Runavíkar municipality along with Æðuvík Glyvur Runavík Rituvík Skipanes Søldarfjørdur Elduvík Funningsfjørdur Glyvrar Oyndarfjørdur Skáli Skálafjørdur Lambi and Lambareidi.
 Olszewo [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Gorg (Persian: گرگ‎) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 10 families.
 Vodëz is a village in the municipality of Lumas in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Borija (Cyrillic: Борија) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Borki-Sołdy [ˈbɔrki ˈsɔu̯dɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 188.
 Žeželovo is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jahadabad (Persian: جهاداباد‎ also Romanized as Jahādābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 17 families.
 Krzeczkowa [kʂɛt͡ʂˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasiczyn within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Krasiczyn 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Szumsk-Sodowo [ˈʂumsk sɔˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chamaqlu (Persian: چمقلو‎ also Romanized as Chamāqlū Chamqolū Chomāqlū Chomoqlū and Chom Qolū; also known as Chāmaguli Chamgholū and Cham Oghlī) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 528 in 124 families.
 Vøyenenga is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Rashvanlu (Persian: رشوانلو‎ also Romanized as Rashvānlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 47 families.
 Talavar-e Seh (Persian: طلاورسه‎ also Romanized as Talāvar-e Seh; also known as Talāvar and Ţalāvar-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 501 in 83 families.
 Garsevareh (Persian: گرسواره‎ also Romanized as Garsevāreh) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Jurandów [juˈranduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Chynów 23 km (14 mi) east of Grójec and 36 km (22 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mivaneh (Persian: ميوانه‎ also Romanized as Mīvāneh) is a village in Zarneh Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 10 families.
 Seyyed Baqer (Persian: سيدباقر‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Bāqer) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Gruszczyn [ˈɡruʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Swarzędz and 12 km (7 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1224.
 Babuneh-ye Sofla (Persian: بابونه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bābūneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Mowtowr-e Khorramshahr Chah Hasan (Persian: موتورخرم شهرچاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khorramshahr Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 41 families.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 24 families.
 Baq Beqab (Persian: بق بقاب‎ also Romanized as Baq Beqāb) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Zavolje is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wólka Gościeradowska [ˈvulka ɡɔɕt͡ɕeraˈdɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Borucino [bɔruˈt͡ɕinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Stężyca 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 45 km (28 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 304.
 Prochy [ˈprɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wąbrzeźno and 37 km (23 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Białuń [ˈbjawuɲ] (German Müggenhall) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Stara Dąbrowa 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 359.
 Mamangkhe is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1206 people living in 198 individual households.
 Samsieczynek [samɕɛˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Mrocza 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 San Antonio de las Vueltas is a village (consejo popular) in central northern Cuba belonging to the municipality of Camajuaní Villa Clara Province.
 Włostowice-Parcele [vwɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Bademli is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 95 people.
 Tolombeh-ye Mansuri (Persian: تلمبه منصوري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Manṣūrī) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 11 families.
 Pamusiai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 74 people.
 Jesionowo [jɛɕɔˈnɔvɔ] (German Eschenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Dobre Miasto and 18 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Viola is a village in Richland and Vernon Counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin United States. The population was 699 at the 2010 census. Of this 477 were in Richland County and 222 were in Vernon County.
 Kocierzew Południowy [kɔˈt͡ɕɛʐɛf pɔwudˈɲɔvɨ] is a village in Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kocierzew Południowy. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Łowicz and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 395.
 Jowzar (Persian: جوزار‎ also Romanized as Jowzār) is a village in Sardshir Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 18 families.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād; also known as Azadabad) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Lubiewo [luˈbjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Drezdenko 25 km (16 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 47 km (29 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Tolombeh-ye Zeynli (Persian: تلمبه زينلي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Zeynlī) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vao is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Villa Llanquín is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Wandzin [ˈvand͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ulhówek 29 km (18 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 124 km (77 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dokan-e Bijari (Persian: دكان بيجاري‎ also Romanized as Dokān-e Bījārī and Dakān Bījārī) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Allahabad Minooyi (Persian: الله‌آباد مینوئی ‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 13 families.
 Man Seyr (Persian: منثير‎ also Romanized as Man S̱eyr; also known as Manīzh Man Sar Mensar Monīr and Munnīr) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Szyszków [ˈʂɨʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Potok Górny 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 98 km (61 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 560.
 Prosno [ˈprɔsnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Chodecz 30 km (19 mi) south of Włocławek and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 49.
 Zaorze [zaˈɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Goworowo 25 km (16 mi) south of Ostrołęka and 78 km (48 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Palangabad-e Olya (Persian: پلنگ ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Palangābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Palangābād-e Bālā) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 87 families.
 Murowanka [murɔˈvaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Warka 16 km (10 mi) east of Grójec and 45 km (28 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 140.
 Gidijala is a village in Anandapuram Mandal Visakhapatanam District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Lepojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Лепојевић) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia (Šumadija) in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač) lying at 43°44′52″N 21°04′13″E at the elevation of 340 m. According to the 2002 census the village had 362 citizens.
 Peddamanagalaram is a village in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It comes under Moinabad (mandal). It is 20 km (12 mi) from Hyderabad city. The village is the birthplace of former Deputy Chief Minister Konda Venkata Ranga Reddy (the district was named after him) former Chief Minister Marri Chenna Reddy and former MLA Konda Laxma Reddy.
 Taherabad (Persian: طاهراباد‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 950 in 203 families.
 Mong Tawng is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Kujawy [kuˈjavɨ] (German: Kuhweide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Pamidimukkala is a village and Mandal in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Dizak (Persian: ديزك‎ also Romanized as Dīzak; also known as Dizaik) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 22 families.
 Jaruške Donje is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Şahinbeyler is a village in the District of Sincik Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Wieprzowe Jezioro [vjɛˈpʂɔvɛ jɛˈʑɔrɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Tomaszów Lubelski and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pangayarselvi is a village in Tiruchirapalli district Tamil Nadu. It is at a distance of 1.5 km (0.93 mi) from No.1 Tollgate and 6 km (3.7 mi) from the Chathiram bus stand.The story begins with the name itself; Pangayarselvi is the name of goddess and also the wife of Lord Vishnu (Pundarikaksha Perumal). Goddess Pangayarselvi was born in the tiny village. Because of her birth the village got its name as Pangayarselvi. It is come under Musiri constituency.
 Köklüce is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Koszarsko [kɔˈʂarskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Żółkiewka 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Krasnystaw and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychtal within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Wiśniewo [viɕˈɲevɔ] is a village in Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiśniewo. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Mława and 105 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ridiella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Basra-ye Bala (Persian: بصرابالا‎ also Romanized as Başrā-ye Bālā; also known as Bālā Başrā and Başrā) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 473 in 119 families.
 Krzywe Kolano [ˈkʂɨvɛ kɔˈlanɔ] (translation: Askew knee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jeziora Wielkie 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Mogilno and 61 km (38 mi) south of Toruń.
 Turzno [ˈtuʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Łysomice and 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 960.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Siennica 11 km (7 mi) south of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Chah-e Gol (Persian: چاه گل‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Gol; also known as Manţaqeh-ye Chāh-e Gol) is a village in Khuzi Rural District Varavi District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 5 families.
 Gothuruth (also known as San Diego Island) is a village in the state of Kerala India. It is located in the Ernakulam district Paravur Taluk. Kochi city is situated approximately 24 km away from this place. North Paravoor Town is just 4 km away. Kochi International Airport is nearly 24 km away from this island. It is located north of Kochi city.
 Grabarka [ɡraˈbarka] (Ukrainian: Грабарка Hrabarka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Zam Zaman (Persian: زمزمان‎ also Romanized as Zam Zamān) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Eslamabad-e Chahar Gavareh (Persian: اسلام ابادچهارگواره‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Chahār Gavāreh; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 573 in 149 families.
 Poprężniki [pɔprɛ̃ʐˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Goszczanów 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 63 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sadówka [saˈdufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Stryków 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 22 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Konjadkar (Persian: كنجدكار‎ also Romanized as Konjadḵār) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 21 families.
 Osredak (Serbian: Осредак) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Viševac is a village in the municipality of Rača Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 700 people.
 Yên Thịnh is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Đồn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Kaavi Estonia is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Shurbeyg (Persian: شوربيگ‎ also Romanized as Shūrbeyg; also known as Jalālābād and Shūrbek) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 20 families.
 Rabeh (Persian: رعبه‎ also Romanized as Raʿbeh) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.Le Dr Rabeh et aussi un célèbre dentiste travaillant actuellement dans la ville de Gonnesse il est lui même issu de la ville de rabeh.
 Anarmani is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 15259 people living in 3020 individual households.
 Żagno [ˈʐaɡnɔ] (German: Zangen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Andarik (Persian: اندريك‎ also Romanized as Andarīk Anderīk and Andark) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 510 in 147 families.
 Mortęgi [mɔrˈtɛnɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Fijewo (the gmina seat) 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Iława and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has an approximate population of 600.
 Dastjerd (Persian: دستجرد‎ also Romanized as Dastgerd; also known as Dashtgird) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 741 in 193 families.
 Dobrzeń Mały [ˈdɔbʐɛɲ ˈmawɨ] (German Klein Döbern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzeń Wielki within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Dobrzeń Wielki and 11 km (7 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 750.
 Stafford is a village in Monroe County Ohio United States. The population was 81 at the 2010 census.Stafford is served by the Monroe County District Library from its administrative offices in Woodsfield Ohio.Stafford was the hometown of AIDS activist David Kirby whose life and death were featured in Life Magazine in the 1990s.
 Emilianów [ɛmiˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Radzymin 11 km (7 mi) north of Wołomin and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Pimpalner is a small town in Parner Taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.Pimpalner has a beautiful TEMPLE named Sant Nilobaraya which is in the west side of town. It belongs to Nashik Division. It is located 49 km to the west of District headquarters Ahmednagar. 12 km from Parner. 189 km from State capital Mumbai.
 Tubravić is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 418 people.
 Dandampally is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state (in India).
 Krnješevci (Serbian Cyrillic: Крњешевци) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Stara Pazova municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1025 people (2002 census).
 Bargaz-e Bala (Persian: برگزبالا‎ also Romanized as Bargaz-e Bālā) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Siruiyeh (Persian: سيروييه‎ also Romanized as Sīrūīyeh) is a village in Ashkara Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 661 in 175 families.
 Kępiaste [kɛmˈpjastɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Leszno 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 28 km (17 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Seaman is a village in Adams County Ohio United States. The population was 944 at the 2010 census.Seaman is served by North Adams High School the Adams County/Ohio Valley School District and the North Adams Public Library a branch of the Adams County Public Library. Seaman is also home to the Adams County Regional Medical Center a county hospital constructed in 2007.
 Petina is a Croatian village belonging to the town and municipality of Velika Gorica in Zagreb County. As of 2001 is population was of 211.
 Ee (Dutch pronunciation: [eː]) (West Frisian: Ie) is a village in the Dongeradeel municipality of Friesland the Netherlands. It is located east from the town of Dokkum on the N 358 road. Ee has approximately 780 inhabitants (2004).There are various types of buildings in Ee including a church built in 1220. The only flax working museum of the Netherlands is also located in Ee. Ee has mostly remained an intact rural village.Ee has the shortest place name in all of the Netherlands.
 Kariz (Persian: كاريز‎ also Romanized as Kārīz) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1013 in 226 families.
 Siedmica [ɕedˈmit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paszowice within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Paszowice 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Jawor and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sufi Sheykh (Persian: صوفي شيخ‎ also Romanized as Şūfī Sheykh; also known as Sāzemān-e Sarlashgar Anşārī and Şūfī Sheykh-e ‘Aţālar) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 28 families.
 Bramhadev is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1769 people living in 314 individual households.
 Tablshekin (Persian: طبل شكين‎ also Romanized as Ţablshekīn Ţablashgīn and Ţablshekan) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 80 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as Abbāsābād and Abasabad) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Jabłoń-Śliwowo [ˈjabwɔɲ ɕliˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Rajuneh Kari (Persian: راجونه كاري‎ also Romanized as Rājūneh Kārī and Rejūneh Kārī; also known as Rājū Nekārī and Rejūneh Dān) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 26 families.
 Sông Xoài is a commune (xã) and village in Tân Thành District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Wybczyk [ˈvɨpt͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bazovik is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 203 people.
 Pikati is a village in Tudulinna Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Shan Shuyi Habibi (Persian: شن شويي حبيبي‎ also Romanized as Shan Shūyī Ḩabībī) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Attaragalla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Moczydło [mɔˈt͡ʂɨdwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sierakowice 23 km (14 mi) west of Kartuzy and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 86.
 Piotrowo [pjɔˈtrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Somonino 16 km (10 mi) south of Kartuzy and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Vanavälja is a village in Palamuse Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Panjshanbeh Bazar (Persian: پنجشنبه بازار‎ also Romanized as Panjshanbeh Bāzār; also known as Panjshanbeh) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 38 families.
 Boneh-ye Cheragh (Persian: بنه چراغ‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Cherāgh; also known as Cherāgh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 43 families.
 Ichok is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4883 and had 987 houses in the village.
 Sohu (Persian: سهو‎ also Romanized as Sohū; also known as Sahe Sehu and Sowhūk) is a village in Tasuj Rural District Shonbeh and Tasuj District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 15 families.
 Hestvika is a village in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located on the southeastern tip of the island of Hitra along the Trondheimsleia about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of Sandstad and the Hitra Tunnel. The 0.5-square-kilometre (120-acre) village has a population (2009) of 231.Hestvika has a marina suitable for light watercraft The Børøyholmen lighthouse lies about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) to the northeast of the marina.
 Trestno [ˈtrɛstnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 110.
 Tak Mar (Persian: تكمار‎ also Romanized as Tak Mār) is a village in Sheshtaraz Rural District Sheshtaraz District Khalilabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 635 in 167 families.
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبداله اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 19 families.
 Churs (Persian: چورس‎ also Romanized as Chūrs Chowras and Chowrs; also known as Choras Chors and Jūres) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2367 in 636 families.
 Margowo [marˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Świerzno 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Siah Kucheh (Persian: سياه كوچه‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kūcheh) is a village in Kisom Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 712 in 218 families.
 Trzebuń [ˈtʂɛbuɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Biała (the gmina seat) 14 km (9 mi) north of Płock and 104 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kruszyniec [kruˈʂɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany and was named Juppendorf [jʊppəndorf].
 Beli Breg is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 94 people.
 Kalamkhvaran (Persian: كلم خواران‎ also Romanized as Kalamkhvārān; also known as Kalameh Khūrān Kalameh Khvārān Kalamkhārān and Kalman Khvārān) is a village in Jey Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 189 families.
 Stara Lipa is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Požega.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 219.
 Poświętne [pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Valkosel (Bulgarian: Вълкосел) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the Satovcha Municipality Blagoevgrad Province.
 Degucie [dɛˈɡut͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Dubeninki 27 km (17 mi) east of Gołdap and 157 km (98 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Rincón is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Jarzysław [jaˈʐɨswaf] (German: Stadthof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies a few kilometres south-east of Płoty.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Zazem-e Olya (Persian: زازم عليا‎ also Romanized as Zāzem-e ʿlīā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Łotoszyny [wɔtɔˈʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 120.
 Obravnje (Serbian: Обравње) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hamden is a village in Vinton County Ohio United States. The population was 879 at the 2010 census.
 Milak (Persian: ميلك‎ also Romanized as Mīlak) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2385 in 444 families.Milak is situated on the Afghanistan-Iran border it is one of the major junctions that connects land-locked Afghanistan to international waters through Iran.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 13 families.
 Chełmsko Śląskie [ˈxɛu̯mskɔ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ] (German: Schömberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawka within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic.
 Kanimangalam is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kolanowo [kɔlaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Borne Sulinowo 20 km (12 mi) west of Szczecinek and 124 km (77 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 30.
 Guzalbon (Persian: گوزلبن‎ also Romanized as Gūzalbon; also known as Gazal Bon) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 65 families.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq; also known as Qeshlāq Būzarjomehr) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 895 in 246 families.
 Pir Badami (Persian: پيربادامي‎ also Romanized as Pīr Bādāmī) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 16 families.
 Barazq (Persian: برازق‎ also Romanized as Barāzq) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 772 in 219 families.
 Seyyed Ali Shahidi (Persian: سيدعلي شهيدي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed ʿAlī Shahīdī; also known as Seyyedallī) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 32 families.
 Ziółkowo [ʑuu̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Lakabad-e Olya (Persian: لك ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Lakābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Lakābād) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 14 families.
 Chodybki [xɔˈdɨpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Kalisz and 121 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lagbere is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin. It is located off the RNIE 3 highway.
 Hkonsa is a river village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located northeast of Sinlamaung.
 Kamalgir (Persian: كمالگير‎ also Romanized as Kamālgīr; also known as Jamālgīr and Kamāngīr) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 18 families.
 Łojki [ˈwɔi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blachownia within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Blachownia 9 km (6 mi) west of Częstochowa and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1311.
 Bełczna [ˈbɛwt͡ʂna] (German: Neukirchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Aldashin (Persian: الداشين‎ also Romanized as Āldāshīn) is a village in the Ab-e Garm Rural District Central District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 695 in 146 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Tang Seh Riz (Persian: محمدابادتنگ سه ريز‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Tang Seh Rīz; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 10 families.
 Bez Cheft (Persian: بزچفت‎) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Fallahabad (Persian: فلاح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fallāḩābād) is a village in Tulem Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 112 families.
 Kosovača (Cyrillic: Косовача) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kuji (Persian: كوجي‎ also Romanized as Kūjī) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 6 families.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 792 in 158 families.
 Gereh Govabar (Persian: گره گوابر‎ also Romanized as Gereh Govābar) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 91 families.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as 'Mehdīābād; also known as Mehdīābād-e ‘Āmerī) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1014 in 234 families.
 Sarbice Drugie [sarˈbit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łopuszno and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 322.
 Dağşeyhler is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Ciepielówek [t͡ɕɛpjɛˈluvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Sława 11 km (7 mi) west of Wschowa and 49 km (30 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Uuemõisa Saare County is a village in Pöide Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Valindeh-ye Sofla (Persian: ولينده سفلي‎ also Romanized as Valīndeh-ye Soflá; also known as Valendeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 123 families.
 Śmiardowo [ɕmjarˈdɔvɔ] (German: Schmirdtkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Sępopol 17 km (11 mi) east of Bartoszyce and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 60.
 Thiruvetriyur is a Villagein Tiruvadanai taluk Ramanathapuram district Tamil Nadu in southern India.
 Chhaling (Nepali: छलिङ) is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 8129 with 1817 houses in it.
 Pučile (Cyrillic: Пучиле) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jaśki [ˈjaɕki] (German: Jaschken from 1938-45 Jesken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Olecko and 132 km (82 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Thekondan is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Ignacew Rozlazły [iɡˈnat͡sɛf rɔˈzlazwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Parzęczew 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Złotniki [zwɔtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Tolombeh-ye 22 Bahman Darreh Shur (Persian: تلمبه 22بهمن دره شور‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye 22 Bahman Darreh Shūr) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Çeçtepe is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Quwayda' is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Atarud (Persian: اترود‎ also Romanized as Ātarūd) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 28 families.
 Kohansabz (Persian: كهن سبز‎) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aruliho is a village in Guadalcanal Solomon Islands. It is located 33.8 kilometres (21.0 mi) by road northwest of Honiara.
 Mowdaran (Persian: موداران‎ also Romanized as Mowdārān and Mūdārān; also known as Mey Khvārān and Meykhwrān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 49 families.
 Bielczyny [bjɛlˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] (German: Bildschön) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Chełmża and 19 km (12 mi) north of Toruń. It is noted for having one of the oldest populations in Poland.
 Ravikampadu is a small village in the Kamavarapukota mandal of the West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India.It is situated on the route from Eluru to Jangareddigudem at a distance of about 42 km from Eluru.
 Verdel is a village in Knox County Nebraska United States. The population was 30 at the 2010 census.
 Dashtgharan (Persian: دشتغران‎ also Romanized as Dashtgharān and Dasht-e Gharrān; also known as Dashgharrān Dasht-e Qarān and Dasht-e Qarān) is a village in Golshan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1835 in 428 families.
 Khuki (Persian: خوكي‎ also Romanized as Khūkī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Varavis (Persian: ورويس‎ also Romanized as Varavīs) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 17 families.
 Golshanabad (Persian: گلشن اباد‎ also Romanized as Golshanābād) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 126 families.
 Rzepinek [ʐɛˈpinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rzepin 19 km (12 mi) east of Słubice 54 km (34 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 10.
 Neyestan (Persian: نيستان‎ also Romanized as Neyestān; also known as Neysān) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 21 families.
 Sanateh (Persian: سنته‎ also Romanized as Santeh) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 358 in 97 families.
 Zu ol Faqari (Persian: ذوالفقاري‎ also Romanized as Z̄ū ol Faqārī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 8 families.
 Góry Lubiańskie [ˈɡurɨ luˈbjaɲskʲɛ] (German: Weißberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 40.
 Jalihala (Kannada ಜಾಲಿಹಾಳ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka India.
 Międzyborze [mjɛnd͡zɨˈbɔʐɛ] (German: Luisenbad) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Hordzieżka [xɔrˈd͡ʑeʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Adamów 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Łuków and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Polgahange is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dobromir Bulgaria is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Karkarreh (Persian: كركره‎; also known as Karrehkarreh) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Manpur Tapara is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. It is almost at the centre of river island called Bhawara Tappu of Karnali River. Badalpur village development committee (VDC) lies north of Manpur Tapara. Manau VDC lies northeast Khairi Chandanpur VDC lies east and southeast Bhimapur VDC lies south and southwest and Rajapur VDC lies west of Manpur Tapara.
 Tolombeh-ye Ahmadi (Persian: تلمبه احمدي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Aḥmadī) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kaleje [kaˈlɛjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Śrem and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 200.
 Acar is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 591 people.
 Karkhaneh-ye Qand-e Shirvan (Persian: كارخانه قندشيروان‎ also Romanized as Kārkhāneh-ye Qand-e Shīrvān) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 89 families.
 Kombanad is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.Tourist attractions around kombanad.Paniyely poru the famous waterfalls and picknic spot is just 5km away from kombanad. Panamkuzhy river and mahagony plantation is the another picknic spot is also just 4 km away from kombanad. The famous kodanad elephant training centre and mini zoo is also just 15 minutes drive from kombanad.
 Murzynko [muˈʐɨŋkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Gniewkowo 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Inowrocław and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Galeh Dani Hajj Askar Jowkar (Persian: گله داني حاج عسكرجوكار‎ also Romanized as Galeh Dānī Ḩājj ‘Askar Jowkār) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 23 families.
 Civljane (Serbian Cyrillic: Цивљане) is a municipality and small village in Šibenik-Knin County Croatia with only 239 inhabitants (2011). It is the smallest municipality by population in Croatia.
 Bibazag (Persian: بي بازگ‎ also Romanized as Bībāzag; also known as Bibaz) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pomiary [pɔˈmjarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Wielkie within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Strzelce Wielkie 16 km (10 mi) east of Pajęczno and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 210.
 Klimonty [kliˈmɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Stary Lubotyń 13 km (8 mi) north of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kamičak (Serbian: Камичак) is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sycamore is a village in Wyandot County Ohio United States. The population was 861 at the 2010 census.
 Türkmen is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 163 people.
 Gowhar Kola (Persian: گوهركلا‎ also Romanized as Gowhar Kolā; also known as Gar Kolā) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 42 families.
 Sulimy [suˈlʲimɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Biała Piska 21 km (13 mi) east of Pisz and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lehtmetsa Saare County is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Karsin 26 km (16 mi) south of Kościerzyna and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 309.
 Sar-e Gaz-e Ahmadi (Persian: سرگزاحمدي‎ also Romanized as Sar-e Gaz-e Aḩmadī; also known as Sar-e Gaz-e Bālā Sargaz and Sargaz-e Bāla) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 886 in 201 families.
 Sar Tang-e Darreh Shir (Persian: سرتنگ دره شير‎ also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Darreh Shīr) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 21 families.
 Gowdpadeh (Persian: گودپده‎ also Romanized as Godark Govak and Gowdark) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 20 families.
 Qaleh Juq (Persian: قلعه جوق‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Juq and Qal‘eh-ye Jūq) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2185 in 568 families.
 Orsy [ˈɔrsɨ] (German: Orschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Górowo Iławeckie 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kociołki [kɔˈt͡ɕɔu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gajevi (Ilijaš) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District Zarrinabad District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 9 families.
 Ghantasala (Telugu: ఘంటశాల) is a town and Mandal headquarters in Krishna district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is 21 km west of Machilipatnam and 11 km east of river krishna .The largest city of this district Vijaywada is around 60 km away. It is a rare and reputed center for Buddhist sculptures. Boswell of the East India Company first reported Ghantasala as a historical site in 1870-71.
 Gornji Miholjac is a village in Croatia.
 Jadaminy [jadaˈminɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Gietrzwałd and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tang-e Moshkan (Persian: تنگ مشكان‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Moshkān) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 14 families.
 Stefanowo [stɛfaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Inowrocław 31 km (19 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 100.
 Mąchocice-Scholasteria [mɔ̃xɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ sxɔlasˈtɛrja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Masłów and 13 km (8 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 469.
 Malec [ˈmalɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęty within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kęty 13 km (8 mi) south of Oświęcim and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1239.
 Moori is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 33 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Telaki [tɛˈlaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kosów Lacki 19 km (12 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 89 km (55 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 760.
 Suliszewo [suliˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Zülshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Phước Hưng is a rural commune (xã) and village of the An Phú District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Wojnowo [vɔi̯ˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Murowana Goślina and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań. In 2004 it had a population of 387. It was first mentioned in written records in 1325.Wojnowo is situated close to Lake Wojnowskie between Długa Goślina and Łopuchowo.
 Brzeźno [ˈbʐɛʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Szczuczyn 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qazi Khan-e Olya (Persian: قاضي خان عليا‎ also Romanized as Qāẕī Khān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qāzī Khānī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 30 families.
 Grabowo [ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Suchy Dąb 8 km (5 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 16 km (10 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Stary Rachów [ˈstarɨ ˈraxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Annopol 23 km (14 mi) west of Kraśnik and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 170.
 Mansuriyeh (Persian: منصوريه‎ also Romanized as Manşūrīyeh; also known as Manşūrī) is a village in Paskhan Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 554 in 122 families.
 Cieśle [ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Tarczyn 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Mashava (formerly known as Mashaba) is a mining village in Masvingo Province Zimbabwe and is located 40 km from Masvingo. Asbestos was and still is being mined in this small Zimbabwean town.
 Chintapalli (Telugu: చింతపల్లి) is a Village and Gram panchayat in Pusapatirega mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India.It is located about 12 kilometers from the mandal headquarters Pusapatirega and about 25 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
 Szonów [ˈʂɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border.
 Koleh Bid (Persian: كله بيد‎ also Romanized as Koleh Bīd and Kolahbīd) is a village in Jowzan Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 19 families.
 Vremci is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bajgiran (Persian: باجگيران‎ also Romanized as Bājgīrān; also known as Bājkīrān) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 28 families.
 For the Spanish theatre song style see cupléCuple [ˈt͡suplɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bełżyce and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Łabędź [ˈwabɛnt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Koniecpol 37 km (23 mi) east of Częstochowa and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 98.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār and Naubahār) is a village in Shamkan Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 84 families.
 Kapelica is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D45 highway.
 Sapanlıurgancılar is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 78 people.
 Qeshlaq-e Pust Shuran (Persian: قشلاق پوست شوران‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Pūst Shūrān; also known as Qeshlāq and Qeshlāq-e Pūsteh Shūrān) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 44 families.
 Valila (Persian: وليلا‎ also Romanized as Valīlā; also known as Valbalā) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 22 families.
 Pobierowo [pɔbjɛˈrɔvɔ] (formerly German Poberow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rewal within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Rewal 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Gryfice and 75 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1084.
 Gilboa is a village in Putnam County Ohio United States. The village is named after Mount Gilboa. The population was 184 at the 2010 census.
 Dimchevo is a village in the municipality of Burgas in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Bandarupalle is a small hamlet located near the city of Guntur in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. This village is 8 km distance by road and 8 km by rail from guntur. It is also a station on the Guntur-Secunderabad railroad. Population is about 5000 and is mainly agri-based. Main crops are Chilli and cotton. Paddy maize and dal are also cultivated. The temple named Jallamma thalli was famous for this village.
 Boland Pey (Persian: بلندپي‎; also known as Khātūnābād Khātūnābād-e Boland Pey Boland Pāyeh and Būland Pāya) is a village in Sarjam Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 53 families.
 Do Hesaran (Persian: دوحصاران‎ also Romanized as Do Ḩeşārān and Doḩeşārān; also known as Deh Sarūn and Sarun) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 872 in 241 families.
 Nowe Brynki [ˈnɔvɛ ˈbrɨnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gryfino and 15 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 90.
 Ab Zaminu (Persian: اب زمينو‎ also Romanized as Āb Zamīnū and Āb Zaminoo; also known as Āb Zamīna) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 60 families.
 Domaney (Persian: دمني‎) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 784 in 200 families.
 Lyons is a village in Fulton County Ohio United States. The population was 562 at the 2010 census.
 Deorala is a village in the Sikar district of Rajasthan India.Deorala is a village in Shekhawati region. It is located near Amarsar which was the capital of Maharao Shekhaji ancientor of all Shekhawat rajputs.Deorala (or Divrala) became infamous because of the Sati incident that took place on 4 September 1987.
 Sarvaruq (Persian: سروعروق‎ also Romanized as Sarvārūq) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 11 families.
 Stara Kopernia [ˈstara kɔˈpɛrɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Żagań and 35 km (22 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ulsberg is a village in the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located along the Orkla River about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) south of the village of Berkåk and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of Innset.
 Bagno [ˈbaɡnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Lubień Kujawski 27 km (17 mi) south of Włocławek and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Cheshmeh Sefid (Persian: چشمه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd and Chashmeh Safid; also known as Cheshmeh Sefīd Rūtvand) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 103 families.
 For similarly named villages see Rożental Pomeranian Voivodeship and Rożental Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.Rozental [rɔˈzɛntal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kolila is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Babice [baˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Krzywcza 22 km (14 mi) west of Przemyśl and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 310.
 Tylmanowa [tɨlmaˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ochotnica Dolna within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Ochotnica Dolna village 30 km (19 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Okoliyte is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Bodrovo is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Tolombeh-ye Siah Chehareh va Shorka (Persian: تلمبه سياه چهره وشركا‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Sīāh Chehareh va Shorkā) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 16 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Husainābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Mehrdasht District Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2862 in 720 families.
 Tsaouni is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Qeshlaq-e Nuaki (Persian: قشلاق نواكي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Nūākī) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sennivanam is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Lelekam (Persian: للكام‎ also Romanized as Lelekām) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 591 in 157 families.
 Toczeń [ˈtɔt͡ʂɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 63 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Monyoród is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Kebalpur is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4674 and had 907 houses in it.
 Rurzyca [ruˈʐɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Goleniów and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 500.
 Brzezówka [bʐɛˈzufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ropczyce within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ropczyce and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1138.
 Dahandar (Persian: دهن در‎; also known as Dahaneh-ye Dahandar) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District Tukahur District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 32 families.
 Košutarica is a village in Croatia.
 Tui Jin (Persian: توييجين‎ also Romanized as Tū’ī Jīn and Too’ijin; also known as Tarjīn and Tū’īn) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1496 in 427 families.
 Bellows Falls is an incorporated village located in the town of Rockingham in Windham County Vermont United States. The population was 3165 at the 2000 census. Bellows Falls is home to the Green Mountain Railroad a heritage railroad and to the annual Roots on the River Festival.
 Majd (Persian: مجد‎) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District Eresk District Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 33 families.
 Pieczarki [pjɛˈt͡ʂarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Taleqani (Persian: طالقاني‎ also Romanized as Ţāleqānī; also known as Rūstā-ye Ţāleqānī) is a village in Chamzey Rural District in the Central District of Malekshahi County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 26 families.
 Döğmeci Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Nowa Wioska [ˈnɔva ˈvjɔska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Tolombeh-ye Ali Asadi (Persian: تلمبه علي اسدي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAlī Asadī) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rigestan (Persian: ريگستان‎ also Romanized as Rīgestān; also known as Zīgestān) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dąbrowica [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rzgów Pierwszy 16 km (10 mi) west of Konin and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Heydari (Persian: حيدري‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarī; also known as ’eydarī) is a village in Khvormuj Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Naujieji Elmininkai is a village in Anykščiai district municipality in Utena County in northeast Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 696 people.
 Mohammadabad-e Seyyed Nezam (Persian: محمدابادسيدنظام‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Seyyed Neẓām; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Seyyed Neẓāmī) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Farqas (Persian: فرقس‎; also known as Fargas and Farghas) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 76 families.
 Sayyar Ahmadabad-e Movali (Persian: سياراحمدابادموالي‎ also Romanized as Sayyār Aḩmadābād-e Movālī; also known as Sayyār Aḩmadābād and Sayyār-e Movālī) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 313 in 49 families.
 Kordi Shirazi (Persian: كردي شيرازي‎ also Romanized as Kordī Shīrāzī; also known as Kordī) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2178 in 440 families.
 Al Jissah is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Oyuktaş is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 757 people.
 Boćwinka [bɔt͡ɕˈfinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Gołdap and 118 km (73 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 280.
 Tazehabad-e Sarab (Persian: تازه ابادسراب‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Sarāb; also known as Tājabal and Tāzehābād) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 39 families.
 Tangbe is a small village in the Mustang District of Nepal.
 Vitolište is a village in the Prilep Municipality of Macedonia. Its FIPS code was MKB5. It is the largest village in the Mariovo region.
 Addagal (Chik Ballapur) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chik Ballapur taluk of Chikkaballapur district in Karnataka.
 Dziekanowice [d͡ʑɛkanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Łubowo 15 km (9 mi) west of Gniezno and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chakan Hoseynabad (Persian: چكان حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Chaḵān Hoseynābād; also known as Chakan) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 14 families.
 Głodówko [ɡwɔˈdufkɔ] (German Karneyen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Ainapur Bijapur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bijapur taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Bejgui (Persian: بجگوئي‎ also Romanized as Bejgū'ī) is a village in Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District Jaghin District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 992 in 207 families.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Fałków 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Końskie and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Brzozów and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1800.
 Kalenovac is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 27 people.
 Loenersloot is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It was a part of the former municipality of Loenen. Since 2011 it has made part of the new formed municipality of Stichtse Vecht. It lies about 12 km west of Hilversum. It is located on the Angstel River.In 2001 the village of Loenersloot had 336 inhabitants.
 Deh-e Bala (Persian: ده بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bālā; also known as Dehbālā Bīdkhān) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 887 in 219 families.
 Sahneh-ye Sofla (Persian: صحنه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Şaḩneh-ye Soflá; also known as Şaḩneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2958 in 610 families.
 Szymanowice Duże [ʂɨmanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. The population is near 200.From 1975 to 1998 this village was in Siedlce Voivodeship.
 Tabati (Persian: تبتي‎ also Romanized as Tabatī and Tabbatī; also known as Tabalsi) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 53 families.
 Sareh Kak (Persian: سره كك‎; also known as Sar Kīk) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Chah-e Mian Godar (Persian: چاه ميان گدار‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mīān Godār) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowtowr-e Nadar Darvish Manesh (Persian: موتورنادردرويش منش‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nādar Darvīsh Manesh) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 19 families.
 Gorbah Dan (Persian: گربه دان‎ also Romanized as Gorbah Dān Gorbahedān and Gorbehdān) is a village in Ramkan Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 810 in 154 families. The village suffered heavily in the 2005 Qeshm earthquake.
 Bavil-e Sofla (Persian: باويل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bāvīl-e Soflá) is a village in Bavil Rural District in the Central District of Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1502 in 475 families.
 Bobrowniki [bɔbrɔvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otyń within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Otyń 8 km (5 mi) north of Nowa Sól and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 650.
 Kanda is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2304 people living in 448 individual households.
 Tatar [ˈtatar] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Szczerców 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Grafton is a village in Ozaukee County Wisconsin United States. The population was 11459 at the 2010 census. The village is adjacent to the Town of Grafton and the City of Cedarburg.
 Kattuvelampalayam is a village of Namakkal district in the state of Tamil Nadu India.
 Osiek [ˈɔɕek] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Kościan and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 178.[citation needed]
 Gruszowa [ɡruˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Fredropol 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mowtowr-e Jamal (Persian: موتورجمال‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Jamāl) is a village in Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 12 families.
 Qarah Nav (Persian: قره ناو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Nāv and Qareh Nāv) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 33 families.
 Qaleh Jiq-e Kuchek (Persian: قلعه جيق كوچك‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jīq-e Kūchek and Qal‘eh-ye Jīq Kūchek; also known as Qal‘eh Chīq Kūḩek and Qal‘eh Jīn-e Kūchek) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District Gomishan District Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 15 families.
 Chah-e Allahdad (Persian: چاه اله داد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Allāhdād; also known as Chāh-e Allāhābād) is a village in Petergan Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Nehenjeh (Persian: نهنجه‎ also Romanized as Nahenjeh; also known as Nanjeh and Nenjeh) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 56 families.
 Huta Nowa [ˈxuta-'nɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bieliny and 27 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 1000.
 Krzyżowa [kʂɨˈʐɔva] (German: Kreisau until 1930: Creisau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwestern Poland.It lies in the historic Lower Silesia region approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) southeast of Świdnica and 51 kilometres (32 mi) southwest of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mazraeh-ye Changiz (Persian: مزرعه چنگيز‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Changīz) is a village in Jowshaqan-e Qali Rural District Qamsar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zir-e Zard (Persian: زيرزرد‎ also Romanized as Zīr-e Zard and Zir Zard; also known as Zīr-e Zard Boneh Zīr Zard Boneh and Zīr Zardineh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 55 families.
 Gornje Svarče is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 128 people.
 Barbaran (Persian: بربران‎ also Romanized as Barbarān) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 30 families.
 Buzhabad (Persian: بوژاباد‎ also Romanized as Būzhābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 644 in 197 families.
 Bad Rud (Persian: بادرود‎ also Romanized as Bād Rūd; also known as Bādūr and Bārū) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 74 families.
 Walerianowo [valɛrjaˈnɔvɔ] (formerly Halogramy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Wierzbinek 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Konin and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Readstown is a village in Vernon County Wisconsin United States. The population was 415 at the 2010 census.
 Hajji Tappeh (Persian: حاجي تپه‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Tappeh; also known as Ḩājjī Tappehābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1005 in 253 families.
 Darreh Lar Alijan (Persian: داره لارعليجان‎ also Romanized as Dārreh Lār ʿAlījān) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wola Niedźwiedzia [ˈvɔla ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjɛd͡ʑa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wartkowice 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Živinice (Serbian: Живинице) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gosławice [ɡɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchosławice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wierzchosławice 9 km (6 mi) west of Tarnów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Rogożajny Małe [rɔɡɔˈʐai̯nɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wiżajny 30 km (19 mi) north of Suwałki and 138 km (86 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Pirhasanlar Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Naserabad (Persian: ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāşerābād) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 54 families.
 Qaleh Gelineh-ye Monfared (Persian: قلعه گلينه منفرد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Gelīneh-ye Monfared; also known as Qal‘eh Gelīneh-ye Vosţá) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nakhelstan-e Mohr (Persian: نخلستان مهر‎ also Romanized as Nakhlestān-e Mohr) is a village in Mohr Rural District in the Central District of Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Stotesbury is a village in Vernon County Missouri United States. The population was 18 at the 2010 census.
 Nałęcza [naˈwɛnt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Leśno [ˈlɛɕnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Brusy 30 km (19 mi) north of Chojnice and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk. The village has a population of 669.
 Aqa Baqer (Persian: اقاباقر‎ also Romanized as Āqā Bāqer; also known as Qaşşāb Tappeh) is a village in Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1266 in 316 families.
 Yılancı is a village in the district of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Khasali (Persian: خاص علي‎ also Romanized as Khāş‘alī; also known as Bāgh-e Bālā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 26 families.
 Sheykh Jabrail (Persian: شيخ جبرئيل‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Jabra’īl and Sheykh Jabr’īl; also known as Chekān-e Mansūrī Shaikh Jarwāil and Sheykh Jarvā’īl) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 24 families.
 Chenar-e Olya (Persian: چنارعليا‎ also Romanized as Chenār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 11 families.
 Ardameh (Persian: اردمه‎; also known as Ardaheh) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1775 in 455 families.
 Zapadłe [zaˈpadwɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koczała within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Koczała 36 km (22 mi) north of Człuchów and 106 km (66 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 21.
 Guvna is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mirakeh-ye Qaleh Qazi (Persian: ميركه قلعه قاضي‎ also Romanized as Mīrakeh-ye Qal‘eh Qāẕī; also known as Mīrageh-ye Qal‘eh Qāẕī and Mīrakeh) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 39 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 10 families.
 Ilısu (Avurga) is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village which is at 36°34′N 33°05′E is 60 kilometres (37 mi) to Gülnar and 210 kilometres (130 mi) to Mersin. Small Ilısu waterfall is just 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) South east of the village. The population of the village is 264 as of 2011. The village Avurga was founded in 1850 as a hamlet of the nearby village Ilısu.
 Aşağıkurudere is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Baghak (Persian: باغك‎ also Romanized as Bāghaḵ) is a village in Jajrud Rural District in the Jajrud District of Pardis County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 16 families.
 Krzeszna-Stacja [ˈkʂɛʂna ˈstat͡sja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Stężyca 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Lubanice [lubaˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żary within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Żary and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hovden is a village in the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located along Norwegian National Road 9 along the eastern shore of the lake Hartevatnet. The village is located along the river Otra about 27 kilometres (17 mi) north of the village of Bykle. The area is a tourist area for winter sports in the Setesdal region since it is located up in the rocky Setesdalsheiene mountains and near many lakes such as Skyvatn Holmavatnet and Vatndalsvatnet.
 Skarżyce [skarˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Strzegom 14 km (9 mi) north of Świdnica and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Emamabad-e Sistaniha (Persian: امام ابادسيستانيها‎ also Romanized as Emāmābād-e Sīstānīhā; also known as Emāmābād and Āvānsīyeh) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 64 families.
 Pietrzykowo-Gołąbki [pjɛtʂɨˈkɔvɔ ɡɔˈwɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Miljkovac is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Rezaabad (Persian: رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jeziorowo [jɛʑɔˈrɔvɔ] (German: Seedorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Szubin 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 30.
 Cisse [ˈt͡ɕissɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sierpc and 125 km (78 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 185.
 Hagedal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Mường Lói is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam. The village lies near to the Laotian border north of Na Son. The commune has a reported population over 3650 people and 515 households as of 2006. Ethnic groups are mainly the Kho Mu Thai and Lao. It contains 19 villages. Most people in the commune are occupied in agriculture with low levels of education. Smoking opium addiction and drug use is a major problem in the commune.
 Krzycko Małe [ˈkʂɨt͡skɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Święciechowa within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Święciechowa 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Leszno and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Młynów [ˈmwɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Piątek 19 km (12 mi) east of Łęczyca and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dahaneh-ye Ojaq (Persian: دهنه اجاق‎ also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Ojāq Dahaneh Ojāq Dahaneh-yē Ūjāq and Dehāneh-i-Ujāgat) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1160 in 328 families.
 Sarzora (Konkani-सोलदोड्या ) is a village in Salcete taluk in the South Goa District of the Indian state of Goa. As of 2001 it had a population of 1911 in 488 households.
 Radule [raˈdulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Tykocin and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Herkingen is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is located on the south coast of the island Goeree-Overflakkee in the municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee.Herkingen was a separate municipality between 1817 and 1966 when it merged with Dirksland. Last one has made part of the new municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee since 2013.
 Zalesie-Kolonia [zaˈlɛɕɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Çeltikdüzü is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 415 people.
 Sarkand-e Dizaj (Persian: سركنديزج‎ also Romanized as Sarkand-e Dīzaj and Sarkand Dīzaj; also known as Bas Kandīzaj Sarkandīzaj Sarkandīzeh Sarkaydiza Sarkdīzaj and Sūchān Dīzeh) is a village in Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 728 in 247 families.
 Kilksama is a village in Sauga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Puliyannoor is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Shevid Zar (Persian: شويدزار‎ also Romanized as Shevīd Zār) is a village in Shahr Meyan Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 30 families.
 Taqlidabad (Persian: تقليداباد‎ also Romanized as Taqlīdābād) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 69 families.
 Betali is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3907 people living in 740 individual households.
 Nowa Ruskołęka [ˈnɔva ruskɔˈwɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Andrzejewo 17 km (11 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 230.
 Chwałkowo [xfau̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 170.
 Novo Konomladi (Bulgarian: Ново Кономлади New Konomladi) is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Međa is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 872 people.
 Naravere is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Chamravattom is a village located 7 km away from Ponnani in Malappuram district of Kerala India. This serene village is on the shores of the Bharathapuzha also known as Nila. Chamravattom is just 4 km from Ponnani by ferry across the Bharathapuzha river but by road it is about 30 km.
 Lipiny [liˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Warta 13 km (8 mi) north of Sieradz and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gugjeh (Persian: گوگجه‎ also Romanized as Gūgjeh and Gowgjeh; also known as Gogjeh Gowg Tappeh and Gowjeh) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 74 families.
 Pasi Poljana is a village in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Motaniec [mɔˈtaɲet͡s] (German: Spaldingsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Kobylanka 13 km (8 mi) west of Stargard Szczeciński and 20 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 163.
 Kaczkowo [kat͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Żnin and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Konaszówka [kɔnaˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielki within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Książ Wielki 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Miechów and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 260.
 Hermanów [xɛrˈmanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wojcieszków 14 km (9 mi) south of Łuków and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Saadatabad-e Molla Hoseyni (Persian: سعادت ابادملاحسيني‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādatābād-e Mollā Ḩoseynī; also known as Sa‘ādatābād) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 582 in 109 families.
 Grońsko [ˈɡrɔɲskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Lwówek 13 km (8 mi) north of Nowy Tomyśl and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Musaabad (Persian: موسي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1716 in 415 families.
 Chaman-e Amirabad (Persian: چمن اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Chaman-e Amīrābād; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Chuqur Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 19 families.
 Krusin [ˈkruɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Koziegłowy 13 km (8 mi) west of Myszków and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 240.
 Korzeniec [kɔˈʐɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Bircza 20 km (12 mi) west of Przemyśl and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Durtu (Persian: دورتو‎ also Romanized as Dūrtū) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 86 families.
 Musallam (Armenian: Մուսալլամ) is a village in the rural community of Lernadzor in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 106 at the 2001 census.
 Abdalan (Persian: ابدالان‎ also Romanized as Abdālān; also known as ‘Abdehlān) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 111 families.
 Holstre is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of ~220.
 Cheshmeh Raj (Persian: چشمه رج‎; also known as Cheshmeh Rīj Cheshmeh Reyj and Cheshmeh Rīch) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 32 families.
 Zir Deh (Persian: زيرده‎ also Romanized as Zīr Deh) is a village in Chapar Khaneh Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 121 families.
 Gaboń [ˈɡabɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Stary Sącz 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Nowy Sącz and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1300.
 Dalavan (Persian: دالاوان‎ also Romanized as Dālāvān) is a village in Piran Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 35 families.
 Chigurumamidi is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Santa Mustiola is a village (curazia) in the middle of San Marino. It belongs to the municipality of San Marino. Its name derives from a Catholic saint Mustiola cousin of the Roman Emperor Claudius II.
 Kõivu is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Podluhy is a village in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 600 inhabitants.
 Tolombeh-ye Mahmud Sadrzadeh (Persian: تلمبه محمودصدرزاده‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Maḩmūd Şadrzādeh) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād; also known as Chāh-e Morādābād) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 66 families.
 Kalateh-ye Sufi (Persian: كلاته صوفي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Şūfī) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1242 in 253 families.
 Krąpiewo [krɔmˈpjɛvɔ] (German: Rohrbeck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Koronowo and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Sion Hill is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Jash (Persian: جش‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Central District of Mirjaveh County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 56 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Grudziądz and 56 km (35 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 1300.
 Mełchów [ˈmɛu̯xuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Lelów 35 km (22 mi) east of Częstochowa and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 105.
 Giemlice [ɡʲɛmˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Cedry Wielkie 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Pruszcz Gdański and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 253.
 Dolní Nivy (German: Unter Neugrün) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tad (Persian: طاد‎ also Romanized as Ţād and Tād) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 32 families.
 Kozice Dolne-Kolonia [kɔˈʑit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Nagla Tula is a village in Rajasthan India. Administratively it is under Rudawal ILRC Roopwas Tehsil Bharatpur District Rajasthan. The village has a population of about a thousand.In May 2013 during a heat wave a fire in Nagla Tula burned a large portion of the village.
 Aberdeen is a village in Brown County Ohio United States along the Ohio River. The population was 1638 at the 2010 census.Aberdeen is connected to Maysville Kentucky by the Simon Kenton Memorial Bridge to downtown Maysville and the William H. Harsha Bridge a cable-stayed bridge completed in 2001. It was part of Zane's Trace a frontier road through the Northwest Territory completed in 1797.
 Tả Phìn is a commune (xã) and village of the Tủa Chùa District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Tireh-ye Kheyrabad (Persian: تيره خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Tīreh-ye Kheyrābād) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 32 families.
 Cret Bizovački is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Minoa is a village in Onondaga County New York United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 3449. Minoa is in the northern part of the town of Manlius and is east of Syracuse.
 Hiteh Tala (Persian: حيطه طلا‎ also Romanized as Ḩīţeh Ţalā; also known as Ḩebţeh Ţalā) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 66 families.
 Paja (Persian: پاجا‎ also Romanized as Pājā; also known as Pāchā) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 15 families.
 Władysławowo [vwadɨswaˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Czyżew-Siedliska [ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛf ɕɛˈdliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Juszczyn [ˈjuʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Środa Śląska and 26 kilometres (16 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Trzcianki [ˈtʂt͡ɕanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Shamshir (Persian: شمشير‎ also Romanized as Shamshīr) is a village in Shamshir Rural District in the Central District of Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2097 in 493 families.
 Kotłowacz [kɔˈtwɔvat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Rzeczniów 17 km (11 mi) west of Lipsko and 126 km (78 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Machowino [maxɔˈvinɔ] (German: Groß Machmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Ustka 10 km (6 mi) north of Słupsk and 108 km (67 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 500.
 Czachówki [t͡ʂaˈxufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Biskupiec 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 80 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Garam-e Pain (Persian: گرم پايين‎ also Romanized as Gāram-e Pā’īn; also known as Gāram) is a village in Faryab Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chithara is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kadiyapatti is a village in the Arimalam revenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.Kadiyappati is a Chettinad (Nagarathar) village of Keela pathoor Vattagai group. Kadiyappati has three divisions: Ramachandrapuram Viswanathapuram PalayurKadiyappati is around 3 Kilometers away from the historic Fort of Thirumayam.In Kanapettai village of Kadiyapatti the Kadiyapatti Nagarathars built the Boomeeswara swamy Bhirammavidyambal temple.
 Cheshmeh Malek (Persian: چشمه ملك‎; also known as Darreh Dīvīn Dewīn Dīrchīn Dīvīn and Dīvjīn) is a village in Abaru Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 65 families.
 Maheshpur Gamharia is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3174 people living in 589 individual households.
 Sanjavan Marreh (Persian: سنجوان مره‎ also Romanized as Sanjavān Marreh and Sanjavān Mareh; also known as Sanjavān Mareh Jey) is a village in Jey Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1234 in 329 families.
 Gniazdowo [ɡɲazˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Ostaszewo 13 km (8 mi) west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 262.
 Rogówek [rɔˈɡuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Darvand (Persian: داروند‎ also Romanized as Dārvand; also known as Dārvan Qala Darwand Sher Kush and Shīr Kosh) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 37 families.
 Matały [maˈtawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Łochów 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Chalin-Kolonia [ˈxalin kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Dobrzyń nad Wisłą 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Lipno and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 100.
 Joghol-e Sofla (Persian: جغل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Joghol-e Soflá) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 47 families.
 Objezierze [ɔbjɛˈʑɛʐɛ] (German: Hitzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Krzęcin 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Kallehol is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Mivaleh Sofla (Persian: ميوله سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mīvaleh Soflá; also known as Mīvaleh and Mīsūleh) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Burkaty [burˈkatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sońsk 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Ciechanów and 70 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 140.
 Two Brothers is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Sandman Tangi is a village and union council of Ziarat District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is 4 km from Ziarat and contains a dramatic waterfall cascading down the rocks which is an attraction for visitors. The great personality Balochistan Malik Momen Khan Esakhail was born in Killi Sandman Tangi. He was the tribal leader of the Esakhail Sanerzai tribe. He passed all his life in the development of his tribe and Ziarat valley.
 Avanjan (Persian: اونجان‎ also Romanized as Avanjān and Āvenjān; also known as Avangūn and Āvangūn) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 842 in 192 families.
 Varizi (Cyrillic: Варизи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Asgharabad (Persian: اصغراباد‎ also Romanized as Aşgharābād) is a village in Marbin-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyni Shahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5682 in 1546 families.
 Morovetsite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Goramansingh also known as Gauramansingh is a small village in the Darbhanga district of Bihar India. It is located approximately 62 kilometers east of Darbhanga (the district headquarters) and 12 kilometers east from its subdivisional headquarters of Biraul on the bank of the Kamla-Balan river in Bihar.
 Raramuthirakkottai is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 San Martín is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Kuh-e Rak (Persian: كوه راك‎ also Romanized as Kūh-e Rāk) is a village in Rak Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 37 families.
 Nova Kamena is a village in the municipality of Tervel in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Sot (Serbian Cyrillic: Сот) is a village located in Srem Vojvodina Serbia. It is situated in the Šid municipality in the Srem District. The village is ethnically mixed and its population numbering 791 people (2002 census).
 Ilo is a port city in southern Peru with some 58000 inhabitants. It is the largest city in the Moquegua Region and capital of the Ilo Province.
 Pithuwa is the most developed village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal.According to 2011 Nepal census survey it had a population of 12579 (5696 male & 6883 female ) people living in 2898 individual households. Pithuwa is located West to the Kayer river [कयर खोला] East and North to Ratnanagar Municipality and South to Jutpani VDC.
 Kaledağı is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Kolgu is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It lies on the Valgejõgi River just northwest of thetown of Tapa.
 El Charco (Santiago del Estero) is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Mahaw is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Kalleh Gaz (Persian: كله گز‎) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Oleška is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ajan Sangarli (Persian: اجن سنگرلي‎ also Romanized as Ājan Sangarlī and ‘Ajan Sangarlī) is a village in Aq Su Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1391 in 340 families.
 Nowy Klukom [ˈnɔvɨ ˈklukɔm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Krzęcin 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Qeshlaq-e Mashhadi Mohammad (Persian: قشلاق مشهدي محمد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Mashhadī Moḥammad) is a village in Valiabad Rural District in the Central District of Qarchak County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6923 in 1569 families.
 Mehr Gerd (Persian: مهرگرد‎ also Romanized as Mehr Gard) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 172 families.
 Liski (Persian: ليسكي‎ also Romanized as Līskī; also known as Yeskī Līkī and Līsk Soflá) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Bozorg Bisheh-ye Mahalleh (Persian: بزرگ بيشه محله‎ also Romanized as Bozorg Bīsheh-ye Maḩalleh; also known as Bozorg Bīsheh) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1292 in 294 families.
 Dąg [dɔnk] (German: Dungen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Łukta 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 220.
 Trywieża [trɨˈvjɛʐa] (Belarusian: Tpі Вежя) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Hajnówka and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Çorak is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Fairport Harbor is a village in Lake County Ohio United States along Lake Erie at the mouth of the Grand River. The population was 3109 at the 2010 census.Fairport Harbor is home to two lighthouses: the Fairport Harbor West Breakwater Light in Painesville Township operated by the United States Coast Guard and the Grand River (Fairport Harbor) Light operated by the Fairport Harbor Historical Society. It is also the home of the Finnish Heritage Museum.
 Chylin Wielki [ˈxɨlin ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wierzbica 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Chełm and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ngware is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. It is located 50 km north-east of Letlhakeng. The population of Ngware was 573 in 2001 census.
 Domaniż [dɔˈmaniʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 km (16 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ramón Trigo is a small village in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay.
 Dizaj-e Jamshid Khan (Persian: ديزج جمشيدخان‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Jamshīd Khān) is a village in Dizaj Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 102 families.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād; also known as Qarah Qūzī) is a village in Esperan Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 50 families.
 Fultonham is a village in Muskingum County Ohio United States. The population was 176 at the 2010 census. It was named for inventor Robert Fulton.
 Onambalam (ഓണമ്പലം) is a small inland fishing and trading harbour in Kumbalam Kollam on the shore of Ashtamudi lake. With improvements in road transport its prominence has reduced after 1980s and now it is used as a fish market and a harbour for small inland fishing vessals. A boat race was organized from here during 28th day of Onam every year in the past but has not been conducted in recent years.The harbour land is owned by St. Micheal's Church and has a beautiful grotto of Mother Mary.
 Basabote is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2274 people living in 415 individual households.
 Barfiliya (Arabic: برفيلية‎) was a Palestinian Arab village located 10.5 kilometres (6.5 mi) east of Ramla that was depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. Located on a tell excavations conducted there by Israeli archaeologists beginning in 1995 found artifacts dating back to the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A (PPNA) period (circa 9500-8000 BCE). Barfiliya lay on a road between Jerusalem and Lydda that was built in Roman times. During the Crusades it was known as Porfylia.
 Sabz Gaz-e Olya (Persian: سبزگزعليا‎ also Romanized as Sabz Gaz-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sabs Gaz-e Bālā and Sabz Gaz-e Mīānī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 41 families.
 Chrząstowice [xʂɔ̃stɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Chronstau) is a village in Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Chrząstowice. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1200. It is also officially known as Chronstau in German.
 Cochin is a resort village in Meota No. 468 Saskatchewan Canada. The population was 208 at the 2006 Canada Census.The Cochin Bridge provides pedestrian access into the town.
 Donja Slabinja (Serbian: Доња Слабиња) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chojewo [xɔˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Brańsk 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nowy Kisielin [ˈnɔvɨ kiˈɕelin] (formerly German Deutsch Kessel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 1121.
 Budziszów [buˈd͡ʑiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Środa Śląska and 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kayarlabath is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Qaleh-ye Chum (Persian: قلعه چوم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Chūm) is a village in Keraj Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 737 in 201 families.
 Dehak (Persian: دهك‎ also Romanized as Dehek and Dihik) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 799 in 205 families.
 Qeytul (Persian: قيطول‎ also Romanized as Qeyţūl) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 37 families.
 Bazguy (Persian: بازگوي‎ also Romanized as Bāzgūy) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District in the Central District of Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 24 families.
 Karunapuram is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Nakin (Persian: ناكين‎ also Romanized as Nākīn) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 56 families.
 Radovanje is a village in the municipality of Velika Plana Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 689 people.
 Rybaki [rɨˈbaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Maszewo 17 km (11 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie 47 km (29 mi) west of Zielona Góra and 77 km (48 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kaleń [ˈkalɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wieniawa 17 km (11 mi) east of Przysucha and 92 km (57 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Çarıklı is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 756 people.
 Ściborki [ɕt͡ɕiˈbɔrki] (German: Stobrigkehlen (till 1938) Stillheide (1938-1945)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Cheraghlu (Persian: چراغلو‎ also Romanized as Cherāghlū; also known as Cherāghlī) is a village in Rudqat Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Wrząca [ˈvʐɔnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Błaszki 21 km (13 mi) west of Sieradz and 74 km (46 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dashti-ye Hoseyn Aqa (Persian: دشتي حسين اقا‎ also Romanized as Dashtī-ye Ḩoseynā Āqā) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 19 families.
 Puusepa is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Jõemetsa is a village in Lohusuu Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Gauri is a Village Development Committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2008 people residing in 390 individual households.
 Darmaran-e Olya (Persian: درمران عليا‎ also Romanized as Darmarān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 14 families.
 Çakırözü is a village in the District of Demirözü Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 154 people.
 Smolnica [smɔlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Rutka-Tartak 29 km (18 mi) north of Suwałki and 136 km (85 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Medovići is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Snarki [ˈsnarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gielniów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Przysucha and 100 km (62 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 330.
 Joginiya-2 is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3248 people living in 550 individual households.
 Tuqqeh (Persian: طوقه‎ also Romanized as Tūqqeh; also known as Toqqeh) is a village in Kongor Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 115 families.
 Łabętnik [waˈbɛntnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Bargłów Kościelny 15 km (9 mi) west of Augustów and 83 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Krzeszówek [kʂɛˈʂuvɛk] (German: Neuen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kandgal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hungund taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Gornji Orahovac (Cyrillic: Горњи Ораховац) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kietrz 17 km (11 mi) south of Głubczyce and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Valeč (Karlovy Vary District) The Village of Valeč (in the pre-1945 German Waltsch) is located in the district of Karlovy Vary region of Karlovy Vary. In 2006 there were 407 inhabitants however according to the official website of the village there are now (date unspecified) 387 inhabitants.
 Chengalayi is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala. The village is also known as Chengalayi.
 Żebrak [ˈʐɛbrak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 76 km (47 mi) east of Warsaw.The name of the village means beggar in Polish.Polish general Jan Zygmunt Skrzynecki was born in Żebrak in 1787.
 Rääsolaane (Seto: Rääsolaanõ) is a village in Mikitamäe Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Magnojević Srednji (Cyrillic: Магнојевић Средњи) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wysiadłów [vɨˈɕadwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wilczyce 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Sandomierz and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mikulovac is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 385 people.
 Boruszowice [bɔruʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Tworóg 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1000.
 Saint John Saint Croix is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Dobromyśl [dɔˈbrɔmɨɕl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Zajączkowo [zajɔnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziczno within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Grodziczno 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Chah-e Rigak (Persian: چاه ريگك‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Rīgaḵ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Stanowo [staˈnɔvɔ] (German: Groß Stanau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dzierzgoń 19 km (12 mi) east of Sztum and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 210.
 Külitse is a village in Ülenurme Parish Tartu County in southern Estonia. It's located about 9 km southwest of the city of Tartu by the Tartu–Valga–Riga railway and the European route E264 (also known as Via Hanseatica).
 Dehin (Persian: دهين‎ also Romanized as Dehīn and Dahīn) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 63 families.
 Błotnica [bwɔtˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemęt within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Przemęt 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Wolsztyn and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
  Skrzynice [skʂɨˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Jabłonna and 15 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 440.
 Weisburd is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Thanapati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3028 people living in 531 individual households.
 Boża Wola [ˈbɔʐa ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.Its main attraction is Dworek a mansion from 19th century. From 1992 it is used by the Prelature of Opus Dei.
 Kõrveküla is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Duląbka [duˈlɔmpka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Dębowiec 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Jasło and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Łanięta [waˈɲenta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Rim is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 Rahdar (Persian: راهدار‎ also Romanized as Rāhdār and Rāh-i-Dar; also known as Rūḩdār) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 22 families.
 Pulimeru is a south Indian village in Peddapuram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh.
 Khvorzan-e Olya (Persian: خورزن عليا‎ also Romanized as Khvorzan-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khūrzen-e Qadīm Khūrzīn and Khvorzīn) is a village in Sedeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 8 families.
 Błażejowice Dolne [bwaʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] German Blaschewitz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau) within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border.
 Chughadun (Persian: چغادون‎ also Romanized as Chūghādūn Chūqādūn Chaqādūn and Choghādūn) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 355 in 85 families.
 Ardhaveedu(Telugu: అర్ధవీడు ) is one of the Mandal and Village in Prakasam Dist of Andhra Pradesh State.Donakonda or Cherlo Donakonda is a village and a combined Panchayat for both VeeraBhadrapuram and Donakonda villages under Ardhaveedu Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Jampaleru is a water stream which is one of the water sources for Cumbum Tank flows aside of the village.
 Kolkhoz Krasnyy Oktyabr (also Kolkhoz Krasnyy Oktyabr’) is a village in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Pustki [ˈpustki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Czersk 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 124.
 Shahrak-e Towhid (Persian: شهرك توحيد‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Towḩīd) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2278 in 545 families.
 Krzewie Drugie [ˈkʂɛvjɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Amestejan (Persian: امستجان‎ also Romanized as Amestejān Amastjan and Amestajān; also known as Anestavān and Anistavan) is a village in Chehregan Rural District Tasuj District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 118 families.
 Shah Firuz (Persian: شاه فيروز‎ also Romanized as Shāh Fīrūz and Shah Firooz) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 48 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 52 families.
 Kourouba is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune covers an area of 245 km2 and includes 5 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 8248. The village of Kourouba is on the right bank of the Sankarani River just upstream of where it joins the Niger River.
 Kelikan (Persian: كليكان‎ also Romanized as Kelīkān; also known as Kolahkān) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 101 families.
 Qadamgah (Persian: قدمگاه‎ also Romanized as Qadamgāh) is a village in Dorudzan Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 17 families.
 Zharabad (Persian: ژاراباد‎ also Romanized as Zhārābād; also known as Zārābād) is a village in Dul Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 64 families.
 Płaczki [ˈpwat͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowa Brzeźnica 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Pajęczno and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 22.
 Dogue is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Stoddard is a village in Vernon County Wisconsin United States. The population was 774 at the 2010 census.
 Nur Ali (Persian: نورعلي‎ also Romanized as Nūr ‘Alī and Noor Ali) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 21 families.
 Żółwin [ˈʐuu̯vin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyn within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Arciechówek [art͡ɕɛˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gabar is a village in Sozopol Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Sultanbey is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 525 people.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 11 families.
 Adamów [aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Krzymów (the gmina seat) 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Konin and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kan Khan-e Yaqub (Persian: كن خان يعقوب‎ also Romanized as Kan Khān-e Ya‘qūb; also known as Kankhvān) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Ograzhden Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Dargolewo [darɡɔˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Linia 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kirdalu is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Pariyapuram is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.This was a part of the Vettattnad kingdom in medieval times.
 Hřebeč (Kladno District) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sajómercse is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Gawiny [ɡaˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wyszki 21 km (13 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 34.
 Deh-e Hajji (Persian: ده حاجي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩājjī) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Masjed (Persian: سرمسجد‎) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 34 families.
 Ostrzeszów-Pustkowie [ɔsˈtʂɛʂuf pustˈkɔvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 132 km (82 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kongara Kalan is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ibrahimpatnam mandal.
 Kolkowo [kɔlˈkɔvɔ] is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gniewino 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania and Kolkau.
 Aliabad Zare (Persian: علي ابادزارع‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād Zāre‘) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pambukovica is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1173 people.
 Jowzjan (Persian: جوزجان‎ also Romanized as Jowzjān and Jowz Jān; also known as Jūzān and Juzjūn) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 925 in 208 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Āli-e Hāshemī) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 18 families.
 Chah Haftad Tumani-ye Do (Persian: چاه هفتادتوماني 2‎ also Romanized as Chāh Haftād Tūmānī-ye Do; also known as Ḩājj ʿAbbās Shohāb Dāyīn (Persian: حاج عباس شهابداين); also known as Chāh Haftād Tūmānī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Senji (Persian: سنجي‎ also Romanized as Senjī) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 801 in 125 families.
 Bhata is a village in Pakistan with a population of about 8000. It is located in the centre of Mandra-Chowk Pindori Road Tehsil Gujar Khan District Rawalpindi. It is the Biggest Village of Union Council of Kuri Dolal.www.facebook.com/bhatapage
 Las Navas de la Concepción is a village located in the province of Seville Spain. According to the 2005 census (INE) the city has a population of 1831 inhabitants.
 Budy Gutarzewskie [ˈbudɨ ɡutaˈʐɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tończa [ˈtɔɲt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 72 km (45 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Beheshti (Persian: تلمبه شهيدبهشتي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Beheshtī) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Doganica is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 50 people.
 Çamlıca is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Donja Lisina is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 316 people.
 Mahbubabad (Persian: محبوب اباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩbūbābād and Mahboob Abad; also known as Maḩbūbābāb and Makh-Baba) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1266 in 327 families.
 Ponpethi (Tamil: பொன்பெத்தி ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Jadval-e Darta Mokhtar (Persian: جدول دارتامختار‎ also Romanized as Jadval-e Dārtā Mokhtār; also known as Jadval-e Now and Jadval Now) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Nowa Sławogóra [ˈnɔva swavɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Thogur is a small remote village in the Thanjavur district situated in close proximity to the ancient Kallanai Dam (often known as the Grand Anicut). The village's famous Jaimini Sama Veda (JSV) Padasalai (school) continues to operate in traditional Gurukula style on the banks of the river Cauvery.
 Yerrasanivari Banjar(YS.Banjar)is a small village located adjacent to medium water project called as Lanka Sagar. It comes under the Mandal of Vemsoor in Andhra Pradesh. Most of the people in this village farmers peasants. So Yerrasanivari Banjar is a typical example of agrarian economy depending on the agriculture. In recent years due to the economic liberalization or market reforms there has been a tremendous development in Hyderabad.
 Stare Kawkowo [ˈstarɛ kafˈkɔvɔ] (German: Alt Kockendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Łęciny [wɛnˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Olsztynek and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Yeniyel is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Rogi [ˈrɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wielgomłyny 26 km (16 mi) east of Radomsko and 92 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tasurehjan (Persian: تاسوره جان‎ also Romanized as Tāsūrehjān; also known as Tāsūleh Jān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 36 families.
 Zardaki-ye Sofla (Persian: زردكي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zardakī-ye Soflá and Zardaki Sofla; also known as Zardaki and Zardakī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Angali Rural District in the Central District of Bushehr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nahi (Persian: ناهي‎ also Romanized as Nāhī; also known as Nahr-e Ḩājj Nahī) is a village in Noabad Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Młynów [ˈmwɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Robawy [rɔˈbavɨ] (German Robaben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Reszel 16 km (10 mi) west of Kętrzyn and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 140.
 Grab [ɡrap] (Ukrainian: Граб Hrab) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Krempna 34 km (21 mi) south of Jasło and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Itsandzéni is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1040.
 Yassıçalı is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] (Ukrainian: Гутисько Hutys’ko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Harasiuki 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Nisko and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Juqan (Persian: جوقان‎ also Romanized as Jūqān) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 30 families.
 Murshk (Persian: مورشك‎ also Romanized as Mūrshk) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 81 families.
 Przemysławów [pʂɛmɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Władysławów 7 km (4 mi) north of Turek and 114 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Singra is a village in Kamrup rural district situated near north bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Vrchovnice is a village and municipality in Hradec Králové District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Goruh (Persian: گروه‎ also Romanized as Gorūh; also known as Gorū and Gordeh) is a village in Radkan Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 836 in 179 families.
 Venkiryal is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Asfastan (Persian: اسفستان‎ also Romanized as Asfastān; also known as Asbastār Asbestān Asbetsān Asfatān and Aspastan) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 31 families.
 Vazesht (Persian: وزشت‎) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 39 families.
 Saru Kola (Persian: ساروكلا‎ also Romanized as Sārū Kolā) is a village in Kuhsaran Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2470 in 709 families.
 Anbar Ab (Persian: انبار آب‎ also Romanized as Anbār Āb and Anbārāb) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 34 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Hajjiabad-e Miandar (Persian: مزرعه حاجي آباد مياندر‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājjīābād-e Mīāndar; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Do (Persian: مزرعه دو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Do) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 855 in 128 families.
 Yolkonak is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 80 people.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Garmsir Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 69 families.
 Bahçecik is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Kotakumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bijjargi is a village in the Northan State of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bijapur taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Talofofo (Chamorro: Talo fo' fo') is a village located in the southern part of the United States territory of Guam on the east coast. The village center is located in the hills above the coast while the smaller coastal community below the cliff is known as Ipan.The village contains two golf courses.
 Kuchak-e Nazar Khani (Persian: كوچك نظرخاني‎ also Romanized as Kūchak-e Naz̧ar Khānī; also known as Kūchak-e Naz̧ar Khākī) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1601 in 314 families.
 Devanancheri is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu. It is located 42 km north of the district headquarters in Thanjavur 8 km from Kumbakonam and 286 km from the state capital Chennai. The local language is Tamil.
 Szychowo [ʂɨˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Chah-e Heydar (Persian: چاه حيدر‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩeydar and Chāh Haidar) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Paprotnia [paˈprɔtɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Pilicą 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 61 km (38 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Bariyarpur is a place situated in Munger Bihar India its geographical coordinates are 25° 18' 0 North 86° 35' 0 East and its original name (with diacritics) is Bariārpur.It also name of a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7033 persons residing in 1122 individual households.Every five years the Gadhimai festival is held in the temple of Bariyapur.
 Abu Silah is a village in Ad Dhahirah Region in northeastern Oman. The hamlets of Qa`idi and Jufayf are in very close proximity. The village lies along the Muscat Sur Highway (Highway 21) north by road from Mazim. There is also a Wadi Silah flowing through the Ad Dhahirah Region.
 Kia Kalayeh (Persian: كياكلايه‎ also Romanized as Kīā Kalāyeh and Kīā Kolāyeh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1161 in 349 families.
 Golabad-e Chah-e Malek (Persian: گل ابادچاه ملك‎ also Romanized as Golābād-e Chāh-e Malek) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dereköy is a village in the District of Germencik Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 64 people.
 Qasem Khan (Persian: قاسم خان‎ also Romanized as Qāsem Khān) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 81 families.
 Olszewo [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Olschöwen; 1938-1945: Frauenfließ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Stare Juchy 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Ełk and 109 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 40.
 Bansarian is a small village of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°46'0N 73°50'0E with an altitude of 256 metres (843 feet). Bansarian has many communities – Jat Gujjar Araien and many other castes. The Lamberdar of the village Bansarian are from Maher bradri. Nowadays Qamar Thekedar playing a vital role in the ruling of Bansarian. He is respected by almost all villagers.
 Akkalenahalli Mallena – Halli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Devanahalli taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Bayfield (officially known as the Village of Bayfield) is a small community located within the town of Bluewater Ontario Canada. It is situated on the eastern shore of Lake Huron at the mouth of Bayfield River.
 Dybowo [dɨˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Prostki 18 km (11 mi) south of Ełk and 119 km (74 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 110.
 Rahkla is a village in Laekvere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Tolombeh-ye Karim Yarahmadi (Persian: تلمبه كريم ياراحمدي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Karīm Yārāḩmadī) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Hesar-e Sorkh (Persian: حصارسرخ‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Sorkh and Ḩeşār Sorkh) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 937 in 245 families.
 Rosebush is a village in Isabella County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 368 at the 2010 census. The village is within Isabella Township.
 Tadavan (Persian: تادوان‎ also Romanized as Tādavān; also known as Mādavān Mādevān and Taduwān) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1007 in 280 families.
 Rejaabad (Persian: رجااباد‎ also Romanized as Rejāābād; also known as Rijāābād) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1502 in 359 families.
 Ribarice is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 407 people.
 Gandab-e Sofla (Persian: گنداب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gandāb-e Soflá) is a village in Horr Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 18 families.
 Pizak Khalifehi (Persian: پيزك خليفه اي‎ also Romanized as Pīzak Khalīfeh'ī) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Kisgörbő is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Lubardići (Serbian: Лубардићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Momenabad (Persian: مومن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mo’menābād) is a village in Karizan Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2165 in 505 families.
 Małyszyn Górny [maˈwɨʂɨn ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mirzec 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Starachowice and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 710.
 Postakan (Persian: پستكان‎ also Romanized as Postakān; also known as Powstakān) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 42 families.
 Sankhu or Sankhoo (Hindi: सांखू Rajasthani: सांखू) is a village in the Laxmangarh administrative region of the Sikar district of Rajasthan state in India. The village lies 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Laxmangarh and 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) from Nawalgarh. The borders villages and towns including Bidsar Mirzwas DundlodKheri Radan Churi Miyan and Balaran Sikar.
 Kołpin [ˈkɔu̯pʲin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Dolovi (Serbian: Долови) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowa Jastrzębia [ˈnɔva jasˈtʂɛmbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Snarøya is a populated peninsula in the inner Oslofjord in Norway. It belongs to Bærum municipality in Akershus county. It is located south of the districts Lysaker Lagåsen and Fornebu and has 2940 inhabitants.
 Kachamangalam is a Village in Budalur block Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Qaleh-ye Pain Baram (Persian: قلعه پائين برم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-e Pā’īn Baram) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 89 families.
 Damjan-Fortuz is a village in the municipality of Vaqarr in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Mowtowr-e Ashayir Khalil Tukli (Persian: موتورعشايرخليل توكلي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīr Khalīl Tūklī) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Luján is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Brzezinki Stare [bʐɛˈʑinki ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Tczów 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 104 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Dekinda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Łęg [wɛnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Czermin 15 km (9 mi) north of Pleszew and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Jelača is a village in the municipality of Priboj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 254 people.
 Qotanlu (Persian: قتانلو‎ also Romanized as Qoţānlū) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 38 families.
 Roztoka [rɔsˈtɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Przywidz 26 km (16 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 141.
 Vasmaq (Persian: وسمق‎) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1038 in 250 families.
 Dziembówko [d͡ʑemˈbufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kaczory 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Piła and 75 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mehal Madi is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3162 people living in 499 individual households.
 Homayun Kosh (Persian: همايون كش‎ also Romanized as Homāyūn Kosh) is a village in Fash Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Gąsewo Poduchowne [ɡɔ̃ˈsɛvɔ pɔduˈxɔvnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Shaban Kandi (Persian: شعبان كندي‎ also Romanized as Sha‘bān Kandī) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 15 families.
 Iška Vas (pronounced [ˈiːʃka ˈvaːs]; Slovene: Iška vas German: Iggdorf) is a village on the right bank of the Iška River in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia just south of the capital Ljubljana. The entire municipality is part of the traditional region of Inner Carniola and is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
 Chakaneh-ye Olya (Persian: چكنه عليا‎ also Romanized as Chakaneh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chakaneh-ye Bālā) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 109 families.
 Upper Capitol is a town in Saint Andrew Parish Grenada. It is located towards the northern end of the island. It is adjacent to St. James and a part of the bigger Birch Grove community
 Deh-e Qazi (Persian: ده قاضي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Qāz̤ī) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fagatogo is village situated on Tutuila Island Pago Pago Harbour. Population (April 1 As of 2009 census) is 3000. Fagatogo is listed in the Constitution of American Samoa as the official seat of government. The Co-Cathedral of St. Joseph the Worker of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Samoa-Pago Pago is located in the village.
 Salamwadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sanyan-e Sofla (Persian: سانيان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sānyān-e Soflá; also known as Sānyān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 494 in 100 families.
 Rajiasar is a cluster of three villages located in the Churu district of Rajasthan.Rajiasar is about 32 kilometers from Tehsil Headquarters Sujangarh. The three villages which comprise it are Rajiasar Meetha Rajiasar Chack and Rajiasar Khara. Rajiasar Chack is mainly dominated by the Jat caste. Some sub-castes of the jats which reside in this village are Bhakar (now Bhaskar) Dudi Bijarania Muhal and Jakhar. Notable people in this village include Sh.
 Bądze [ˈbɔnd͡zɛ] (German: Bensen)is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hrasna is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Filipówka [filiˈpufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Borowie 13 km (8 mi) east of Garwolin and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Ali Hajji-ye Pain (Persian: علي حاجي پائين‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Ḩājjī-ye Pā’īn; also known as ‘Alī Ḩājjī and ‘Ali Hāji) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.Khusf
 Biskupice Oławskie [biskuˈpit͡sɛ ɔˈwafskʲɛ] (German: Bischwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Jelcz-Laskowice 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Oława and 37 kilometres (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Los Cipreses is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina near the border with Chile.
 Ciechanki-Kolonia [t͡ɕeˈxanki kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Puchaczów 7 km (4 mi) east of Łęczna and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Stara Kresna is a village in Kresna Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Savatagi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Jelsum is a small village in Leeuwarderadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 230 citizens (2004).
 Fort Shawnee was a village in Allen County Ohio United States. The population was 3726 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Lima Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area. Fort Shawnee was adjacent to the city of Lima and the village of Cridersville in Auglaize County. In 2012 village residents voted to disincorporate the village.
 Jaban (Persian: جابان‎ also Romanized as Jābān; also known as Jāhbun) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2540 in 757 families.
 Zu (Persian: زو‎ also Romanized as Zū and Zow) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Bala Rural District Qushkhaneh District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 53 families.
 Hamvar-e Kulivand (Persian: همواركوليوند‎ also Romanized as Hamvār-e Kūlīvand and Hamvar-e Kūlīvand) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 19 families.
 Glushka is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Teklin [ˈtɛklin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Mogharrab-e Do (Persian: مغرب 2‎; also known as Maghreb Mogharrab Moqarreb Moqarreb-e and Qaryeh-ye Moqarreb) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 31 families.
 Putiš is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chehrak (Persian: چهرك‎) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bagh Sib Rahman Qorishi (Persian: باغ سيب رحمان قريشي‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Sīb Raḥmān Qorīshī) is a village in Piran Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dadkhoda-ye Sasuli (Persian: داد خدا سا سولي‎ also Romanized as Dādkhodā-ye Sāsūlī; also known as Dādkhodā-ye Golmīr) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 84 families.
 West Millgrove is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 174 at the 2010 census.
 Litychowo [litɨˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bytoń 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 50 km (31 mi) south of Toruń.
 Sosnówka [sɔsˈnufka] (German: Seidorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podgórzyn within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) south of Jelenia Góra and 99 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1200.
 Nowe [ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Krośniewice 10 km (6 mi) west of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qazaqoli (Persian: قزاقلي‎ also Romanized as Qazāqolī; also known as Ghazāghī) is a village in Soltanali Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 932 in 191 families.
 Krzyszczyna [kʂɨʂˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogdaniec within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Bogdaniec and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 70.
 Burdett is a village in Schuyler County New York United States. The population was 357 at the 2000 census. The Village of Burdett in within the Town of Hector east of Seneca Lake and northeast of Watkins Glen New York.
 Chenaran (Persian: چناران‎ also Romanized as Chenārān; also known as Chinārān) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 18 families.
 Biameh-ye Olya (Persian: بيامه عليا‎ also Romanized as Bīāmeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Beyāmeh-ye ‘Olyā and Bīāmeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 42 families.
 Zaovine is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 442 people.
 Shaqaqi-ye Jezla (Persian: شقاقي جزلا‎ also Romanized as Shaqāqī-ye Jezlā) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 558 in 120 families.
 Armutlu is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Dezq (Persian: دزق‎; also known as Daraq) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 154 families.
 Dolenje Jezero (German: Unterseedorf) is a village on the northern edge of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.The local church in the settlement to the southwest is dedicated to Saints Peter and Paul and belongs to the Parish of Cerknica.
 Ziarat Mowla (Persian: زيارت مولا‎ also Romanized as Zīārat Mowlá; also known as Khar Bandān and Kharbandavān) is a village in Gurband Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 50 families.
 Harankahagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Aleksandrów [alɛkˈsandruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Korzeniew 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Dyszczytno [dɨʂˈt͡ʂɨtnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Aktaş is a village in Kumlu district of Hatay Province Turkey. The village is at the west of Kumlu. The population is 1396 as of 2011.
 Wólka Paruszewska [ˈvulka paruˈʂɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Varegah (Persian: وارگه‎ also Romanized as Vāregah) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 living in 46 families.
 Dingar Hat is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Teketo is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Arabshah-e Daraq (Persian: عربشاه درق‎ also Romanized as ‘Arabshāh-e Daraq) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Digeh Sara (Persian: ديگه سرا‎ also Romanized as Dīgeh Sarā; also known as Dal‘eh Sarāi Darkhāneh Degah Sarāi Degakh-Saray Dekeh Sarā Dīgeh Sarā-ye Pā’īn and Dīkeh Sarā) is a village in Khaleh Sara Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 624 in 140 families.
 Owrma (Persian: اورما‎ also Romanized as Owrmā) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 882 in 216 families.
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Estanest (Persian: استانست‎ also Romanized as Estānest and Istānist) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 39 families.
 Budy [ˈbudɨ] (German: Jagdhaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Jastrowie 27 km (17 mi) west of Złotów and 112 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Pojałowice [pɔjawɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Miechów and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 330.
 Reshbugar (Persian: رشبوگر‎ also Romanized as Reshbūgar) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 51 families.
 Wannipola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Zagajów-Kolonia [zaˈɡajuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Solec-Zdrój 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kowalowy Gród [kɔvaˈlɔvɨ ˈɡrut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Bon deh (Persian: بن ده ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 45 families.
 Radwanka [radˈvaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Żelechlinek 22 km (14 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vilelas (Santiago del Estero) is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Lutkówka [lutˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Fineveke is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Mua District on the southwest coast of Wallis Island just northwest of Halalo. Lake Lanutavake lies just to the northeast.
 Erenler is a village in the central (Artvin) district of Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 180 people.
 Gurankesh-e Jamaat (Persian: گورانكش جماعت‎ also Romanized as Gūrānkesh-e Jamā‘at; also known as Gūrān Kesh and Gūrānkesh-e Vosţá) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 40 families.
 Patanak (Persian: پتنك‎) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Kurów [ˈkuruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Trzebieszów 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Łuków and 86 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rodowo [rɔˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Prabuty 22 km (14 mi) northeast of Kwidzyn and 71 km (44 mi) southeast of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Do Ab Training Camp (Persian: پادگان اموزش دواب‎ – Pādegān-e Amūzesh Do Āb; also known as Padegān-e Do Āb) is a village and military installation in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Matema is a town in southwestern Tanzania. The town is primarily a fishing village with some agriculture. It is located on the northern tip of Lake Nyasa (Lake Malawi) and is 90 kilometres (straight line distance) south-east of Mbeya.
 Rożnowa [rɔʐˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wieliczka and 14 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Rasheh Deh (Persian: رشه ده‎ also Romanized as Rashah Deh) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 119 families.
 Liivoja is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Chah-e Shomareh-ye Yek Hazarat Qoli (Persian: چاه شماره يك حضرت قلي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh-ye Yeḵ Ḩaz̤arat Qolī) is a village in Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6 in 4 families.
 Majidabad (Persian: مجيد آباد‎ also Romanized as Majīdābād) is a village in Avalan Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 15 families.
 Heeswijk is a village in the central Netherlands. It is located in Montfoort Utrecht about 6 km northwest of IJsselstein.The statistical area Heeswijk which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 320.
 Radomice [radɔˈmit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wleń within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wleń 14 km (9 mi) south of Lwówek Śląski and 101 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 San Miguel de Azapa is a village in the Arica and Parinacota Region Chile.
 Kobri or Kobiri is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes 16 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 12445.
 Chocim [ˈxɔt͡ɕim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kawęczyn 19 km (12 mi) south of Turek and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dolna Bela Crkva (Macedonian: Долна Бела Црвка meaning Lower White Church; Albanian: Bollacërka e Poshtme) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia north of Lake Prespa. The village located roughly 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen has 237 residents.
 Kosilka is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Wiśniew [ˈviɕɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Jakubów 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 50 km (31 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Masha-ye Morad Ramzani (Persian: مشاع مراد رمضاني‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Morād Ramaz̤ānī) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Schoharie is a village in Schoharie County New York USA. The population was 1030 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Schoharie County. The name is a native word for driftwood.The Village of Schoharie is in the southeast part of the Town of Schoharie and is west of Albany.
 Jamuni Madhapura is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5333 people living in 1024 individual households.
 Trešnjevica is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1137 people.
 Kani Sanan (Persian: كاني سانان‎ also Romanized as Kānī Sānān) is a village in Zarivar Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 633 in 138 families.
 Chełm [xɛu̯m] (German: Bartsch-Kulm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-east of Lubin and 68 kilometres (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kastmekoja is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Cheshmeh Derazeh (Persian: چشمه درازه‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Derāzeh) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Mohammad Hasan Beyg (Persian: محمدحسن بيگ‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Ḩasan Beyg and Moḩammad Ḩasan Beyk; also known as Chāh Tolombeh-ye Ḩasan Qarā’ī) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 12 families.
 Kara Rud-e Jamshidabad (Persian: كرارودجمشيداباد‎ also Romanized as Karā Rūd-e Jamshīdābād; also known as Dyamshidabad Jamshīdābād and Karā Rūd) is a village in Rostamabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 401 in 111 families.
 Baghana is a village and gram panchayat located near Phagwara in Kapurthala District Punjab India.
 Bezd (Persian: بزد‎; also known as Bezg and Bīzak) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2821 in 663 families.
 Ataköy is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Asdaghi (Persian: اسداغي‎ also Romanized as Āsdāghī) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 185 families.
 İbrahimderesi is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 261 people.
 Coolrain (Irish: Cuil Ruain) is a village in County Laois Ireland. It is situated near the Slieve Bloom Mountains. The nearest town is Mountrath and the closest village is Camross.
 Stobno [ˈstɔbnɔ] (formerly German Stöven) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Police and 11 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 450.
 Darkaz Baluk (Persian: دركزبلوك‎ also Romanized as Darkaz Balūk; also known as Dargaz Kūlak) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 12 families.
 Kunnamthanam is a village in Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala India.It is one of the nine villages that form Mallapally Taluk of Pathanamthitta district. Kunnamthanam is also known as one of the major t-junction in the pathanamthitta district. Famous Madthilkavu bhagavathi temple and St. Mary's Sehion Orthodox Church (also called Vallamala Palli) situated in Kunnamthanam.NSS High School is the oldest school in Kunnamthanam.
 Majhare is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1356.
 Wysokie Drugie [vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Savcıbey is a village in the District of Söğüt Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 146 people.
 Zalas [ˈzalas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krzeszowice and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Büyükelmalı is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 101 people.
 Cerje is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Lerni (Persian: لرني‎ also Romanized as Lernī) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 373 in 65 families.
 Wodąca [vɔˈdɔnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 131 km (81 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Aşağıdağlıca is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Rozgorze [rɔzˈɡɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Lębork and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Kohneh Kand (Persian: كهنه كند‎) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Ćehići is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Prusinowice [pruɕinɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lutomiersk 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Osędowice [ɔsɛndɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Daszyna 13 km (8 mi) north of Łęczyca and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chah-e Bahlul (Persian: چاه بهلول‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Bahlūl; also known as Chāh-e Bahlūleh) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shur Daraq (Persian: شوردرق‎ also Romanized as Shūr Daraq; also known as Sho Deraicht Shoordaragh Shordara Shordere and Shūr Darreh) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1229 in 319 families.
 Mashkar (Persian: ماشكار‎ also Romanized as Māshkār) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 15 families.
 Dobrociechy [dɔbrɔˈt͡ɕexɨ] (German Dubbertech) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Nahr-e Badam (Persian: نهربادام‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Bādām) is a village in Rabor Rural District in the Central District of Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vellamullivaikal is a small town in Sri Lanka. It is located within the Mullaitivu District Northern Province. The village is notable as the place where the final battle was fought in Sri Lankan Civil War.
 Porębów [pɔˈrɛmbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Chaghakhor Rural District Boldaji District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 13 families.
 Średnia Huta [ˈɕrɛdɲa ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Warlubie 25 km (16 mi) north of Świecie 67 km (42 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 68 km (42 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 70.
 Satovcha (Bulgarian: Сатовча old version: Satovitsa Svatovitsa) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria. It is the administrative center of the Satovcha Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province.
 Natur (Persian: ناطور‎ also Romanized as Nāţūr) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District Firuz District Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 18 families.
 Qowzlojeh (Persian: قوزلجه‎; also known as Ghoozloo Jeh Qezeljah Qezeljeh Qezlu Jah Qozluja and Qozlu Jah) is a village in Dizaj Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 20 families.
 Zieleniec [ʑɛˈlɛɲɛt͡s] (German: Radzienen 1938-45: Hügelswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wielbark 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Szczytno and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Atlur is a village and a mandal in Kadapa district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Podgórki [pɔdˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wierzbica 15 km (9 mi) south of Radom and 107 km (66 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Shreekrishna Gandaki is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7292 people living in 1326 individual households.
 Chałupki Chotynieckie [xaˈwupkʲi xɔtɨˈɲɛt͡skʲɛ] (Ukrainian: Халупки Хотинецькі Khalupky Khotynets’ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Radymno 25 km (16 mi) east of Jarosław and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Eoste is a village in Põlva Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Nemunuiyeh (Persian: نمونوييه‎ also Romanized as Nemūnū’īyeh) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łanowicze Małe [wanɔˈvit͡ʂɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Mandra (village) is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Qeshlaq-e Qabaleh Gah Ali Aslan (Persian: قشلاق قبله گاه علي اصلان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qabaleh Gāh ʿAlī Āṣlān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Kaster is a village in West Flanders Belgium. According to the 2005 census it has a population of 803. The neoclassical St Peter's Church of Kaster located in the eastern part of the village dates from 1818.
 Lipe is a village in the municipality of Žagubica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 15 people.
 Pari Kola (Persian: پاريكلا‎ also Romanized as Pārī Kolā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 112 families.
 Darreh Chenari-ye Kareyak (Persian: دره چناري كريك‎ also Romanized as Darreh Chenārī-ye Kareyak) is a village in Dana Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Kiszkowo [kiʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kiszkowo. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Gniezno and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 1000. It has a church which lies on the Wooden Churches Trail around Puszcza Zielonka.
 Eshkaft-e Dudar (Persian: اشكفت دودر‎ also Romanized as Eshkaft-e Dūdar) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Thirunariyur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Rag Boli Karnad (Persian: رگ بلي كارند‎ also Romanized as Rag Bolī Kārnad) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Štědrá (German: Stiedra) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Yagh Mish (Persian: ياغ ميش‎ also Romanized as Yāgh Mīsh) is a village in Narestan Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Spanbroek is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Opmeer and lies about 9 km (6 mi) northwest of Hoorn.Spanbroek received city rights in 1414. It was a separate municipality until 1959 when it was merged with Opmeer.
 Wilkonice [vilkɔˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pępowo within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pępowo 20 km (12 mi) south of Gostyń and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Goleh Jar (Persian: گله جار‎ also Romanized as Goleh Jār Galeh Jār Geleh Jār; also known as Geleh Chār Goljār Gol Jār Golzār Gūl-ī-Zār and Kaljār) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 61 families.
 Raaduvere is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Imbuldeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Grzybków [ˈɡʐɨpkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Słupca and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Skrobnica is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 178 people.
 Deh-e Shul (Persian: ده شول‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Shūl) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Maroroy is one of the barangay a subdivision of a municipality located in the municipality of Daraga in the province of Albay Philippines. It has a population of approximately 4829 people and an area of 73.599 hectares (181.87 acres).
 Seyyed Heshmat (Persian: سيدحشمت‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩeshmat; also known as Ḩeshmatābād) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 12 families.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Mardehek Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qarali (Persian: قرالي‎ also Romanized as Qarālī; also known as Gharali) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 35 families.
 Chawand is a historical village and was the last capital of MewarMaharana Pratap. Chawand is located in Sarada tehsil of Udaipur district of Rajasthan. It is 5 km north-west of Sarada and 60 km south of Udaipur city. After the battle of Haldighati Maharana Pratap captured this area from the Rathors and established his new capital at Chawand in 1585 CE. Maharana Pratap built Chamunda Devi temple here.
 Trzebcz Szlachecki [ˈtʂɛpt͡ʂ ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Chełmno 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Toruń and 35 km (22 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.
 Kromnów [ˈkrɔmnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kamienica within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Qezeljeh-ye Olya (Persian: قزلجه عليا‎ also Romanized as Qezeljeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 46 families.
 Gav Savar (Persian: گاوسوار‎ also Romanized as Gāv Savār) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 66 families.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Golzār (Persian: گلزار) and Golzār-e Kohneh) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1863 in 433 families.
 Mount Blanchard is a village in Hancock County Ohio United States. The population was 492 at the 2010 census.
 Reys (Persian: ريس‎) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Soranjeh (Persian: سرنجه‎ also Romanized as Serenjeh) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 50 families.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād; also known as Shamshābād) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 18 families.
 Imer-e Mohammad Qoli Akhund (Persian: ايمرمحمدقلي اخوند‎ also Romanized as Īmer-e Moḩammad Qolī Ākhūnd) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 948 in 179 families.
 Adakekere is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gubbi taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 57 families.
 Drużyna [druˈʐɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Mosina and 22 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 290.
 Muttagi is a village in the northern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Basavana Bagevadi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Łukta [ˈwukta] (German Locken) is a village in Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łukta. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 1000.
 Not to be confused with La Paz of Canelones DepartmentLa Paz is a village in the Colonia Department of southwestern Uruguay.
 Yekaviyeh-ye Yek (Persian: يكاويه يك‎ also Romanized as Yekāvīyeh-ye Yek; also known as Lekāvīgeh-ye Yek) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 774 in 86 families.
 Gózdek [ˈɡuzdɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Żelechów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 270.
 Chittanda is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India. The place is famous for the Karthyayani temple. The temple is one among the 108 Durga temples consecrated by lord Parashurama the mythical founder of Kerala.
 Tomczyn [ˈtɔmt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Grabów nad Pilicą 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 54 km (34 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Alnatham is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kocagür is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1130 people.
 Bidaragaddi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Nav (Persian: ناو‎ also Romanized as Nāv; also known as Nov) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 31 families.
 Tutun Darreh (Persian: توتوندره‎ also Romanized as Tūtūn Darreh; also known as Tūtūndar and Tūtūn Dar) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 40 families.
 Roqq-e Annabi (Persian: رق عنابي‎ also Romanized as Roqq-e ‘Annābī) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 21 families.
 Ołdaki-Stefanowo [ɔu̯ˈdaki stɛfaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Harpatagunj is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3054.
 Al-Mirr also named Mahmudiyeh (the property of Mahmud) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Jaffa Subdistrict which was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on February 1 1948.
 Gaj Gruszczański [ˈɡai̯ ɡruʂˈt͡ʂaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Radecznica 30 km (19 mi) west of Zamość and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Aq Masjed (Persian: اق مسجد‎ also Romanized as Āq Masjed) is a village in Heyran Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 16 families.
 Kamar Sabz (Persian: كمرسبز‎) is a village in Bakharz Rural District in the Central District of Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 44 families.
 Kenni is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Buin (Persian: بوئين‎ also Romanized as Bū’īn and Būyīn) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1226 in 326 families.
 Zielona Łąka [ʑeˈlɔna ˈwɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pleszew and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Selvas del Río de Oro is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Zaviyeh-e Hasan Khan (Persian: زاويه حسن خان‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh-e Ḩasan Khān) is a village in Firuraq Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1431 in 302 families.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boronów within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Boronów 19 km (12 mi) east of Lubliniec and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 124.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād; also known as Amīrābādkhān-e Manşūrī Amīrābād Khān Manşūr and Manşūrābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1219 in 277 families.
 Melleh Khik Andeh (Persian: مله خيكنده‎ also Romanized as Melleh Khīk Andeh) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 55 families.
 Kızılağıl is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 187 people.
 Väike-Ahli is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Lelep is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2094 people living in 395 individual households.
 Mallaj Majhfant is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4313 people living in 934 individual households.
 Mantviliškis is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 262 people.
 Do Shakh (Persian: دوشاخ‎ also Romanized as Do Shākh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Kozi rog is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Kord Kandi (Persian: كردكندي‎ also Romanized as Kord Kandī) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District Marhemetabad District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 69 families.
 Unibórz [uˈnibuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Golczewo 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Józefków [juˈzɛfkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bash Kardan (Persian: بشكاردان‎ also Romanized as Bash Kārdān; also known as Bash Kārdān-e Sarūk) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 24 families.
 Nedumpana is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Palojce is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 484 people.
 Błomino-Gule [bwɔˈminɔ ˈɡulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Wambierzyce [vambʲɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German: Albendorf Czech: Vambeřice) the Silesian Jerusalem is one of the most popular pilgrimage sites in southern Poland. The village is situated at an altitude of 370–410 m in the picturesque Cedron valley on the eastern slopes of the Table Mountains in Lower Silesian Voivodeship. The place was first mentioned in 1330 Alberndorf 1398 Alberdorf 1418 Alberti villa 1560 Alberichsdorf which then evolved into the (German) name Albendorf.
 Zoar is a village in Tuscarawas County Ohio United States. The population was 169 at the 2010 census.
 Vestec (Nymburk District) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Samaqaha (Persian: سماقها‎ also Romanized as Samāqahā) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 4 families.
 Minzuhar (Bulgarian: Минзухар) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 199.48 kilometres (123.95 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 8.581 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 470 people.
 Vilivalla is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Krajewo [kraˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Iłowo-Osada 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Działdowo and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Ostatkowo [ɔstatˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Harariz (Persian: هرايرز‎ also Romanized as Harārīz; also known as Harāyrez) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Sinjevo (Serbian: Сињево) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nwadeu is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal.
 Wólka [ˈvulka] (Ukrainian: Вілька Vil’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Ostrožnica is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Łęki Szlacheckie 27 km (17 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Khvoranak (Persian: خورانك‎ also Romanized as Khvorānak and Khūrānak) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 29 families.
 Nesar-e Eskandari (Persian: نساراسكندري‎ also Romanized as Nesār-e Eskandarī; also known as Eskandarī-ye Nesā‘ Nesār and Nisār) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 682 in 162 families.
 Twardawa [tfarˈdava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Głogówek 30 km (19 mi) east of Prudnik and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 For the Merja people see Volga Finns#Merya.Merja is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Padár is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Hezardin (Persian: هزاردين‎ also Romanized as Hezārdīn) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gözce is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated at the west bank of a creek and about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) north of the Mediterranean Sea coast. The state highway D.400 is at the south of the village. The distance to Bozyazı is 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 200 kilometres (120 mi). The population of the village is 847. as of 2011.
 Gornja Lomnica is a settlement of Velika Gorica which is part of the Zagreb metropolitan area Croatia. The population is 582 (census 2011).The local nickname for the settlement which is given by the last ruler (Lord Meštić) is Meštrica (Meshtrica).Gornja Lomnica is a suburban settlement located a few kilometers southeast of the capital city of Croatia Zagreb and Velika Gorica to the west.
 Sadiqabad (Persian: صديق اباد‎ also Romanized as Şadīqābād) is a village in Garizat Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kozarac is a village in Croatia. Administratively it is located in the Čeminac municipality within the Osijek-Baranja County. Population is 789 people.
 Mielnik [ˈmjɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Soltan Nasir (Persian: سلطان نصير‎ also Romanized as Solţān Naşīr; also known as Sultān Nasīr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 Domje is a village in the municipality of Shëngjergj in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Bartniki [bartˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Lipsk 37 km (23 mi) east of Augustów and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Śliwice [ɕliˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Otmuchów 13 km (8 mi) west of Nysa and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 310.
 Senovė (Varėna) is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 10 people.
 Seh Rud (Persian: سه رود‎ also Romanized as Seh Rūd) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Bobovište (Albanian: Boboshti; Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic: Бобовиште) is a village in Bar Municipality in southeastern Montenegro. It lies on the western bank of Lake Skadar in a geographical region known as Skadarska Krajina.
 Batadanduwela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Zborowiec [zbɔˈrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Piotrków Kujawski 12 km (7 mi) south of Radziejów and 56 km (35 mi) south of Toruń.
 Sinima is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Sasuli (Persian: ساسولي‎ also Romanized as Sāsūlī; also known as Shahrak-e Sāsūlī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 600 in 122 families.
 Lubnowy Małe [lubˈnɔvɨ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Liebenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Susz 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Iława and 77 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 270.
 Sajólád is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Mangri is a village development committee in Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 898 people living in 181 individual households.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Łomża and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gilówka [ɡiˈlufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą 39 km (24 mi) south-west of Grójec and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 19.
 Mojsiki [mɔi̯ˈɕiki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Sokoły 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Małżewo [mau̯ˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Tczew and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 222.
 Pobiednik Wielki [pɔˈbjɛdnik ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Igołomia-Wawrzeńczyce within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wawrzeńczyce and 19 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād; also known as Tūl Mūshkā Rūd) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 35 families.
 Dragojevac is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 312 people.
 Ojaq Qeshlaqi (Persian: اجاق قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Ojāq Qeshlāqī; also known as Ojāq Qeshlāq) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Suteh (Persian: سوته‎ also Romanized as Sūteh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shineh-ye Olya (Persian: شينه عليا‎ also Romanized as Shīneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 36 families.
 Żydowo [ʐɨˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Września and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Puchały [puˈxawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Raszyn 8 km (5 mi) east of Pruszków and 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Czarnołozy [t͡ʂarnɔˈwɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wojsławice 25 km (16 mi) south of Chełm and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Galguni (Persian: گلگوني‎ also Romanized as Galgūnī; also known as Deh Gerdū and Galgūn) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 36 families.
 Shamkhalar is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.
 Smerzyn [ˈsmɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łabiszyn 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Żnin and 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 140.
 Shaghalak (Persian: شغالك‎ also Romanized as Shaghālak) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 491 in 114 families.
 Dastgerd (Persian: دستگرد‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 46 families.
 Ogrodzim [ɔˈɡrɔd͡ʑim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Szadek 9 km (6 mi) north of Zduńska Wola and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź. The village was originally known as Orgąsm but the Gmina Szadek government voted unanimously to change its name in 1993 to honor a Polish folk hero.The village has a population of 110.
 Glogovac is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1561 people.
 Sarzeh (Persian: سرزه‎) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ukta [ˈukta] (German: Ukta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ruciane-Nida 22 km (14 mi) west of Pisz and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 570.
 Boće (Serbian: Боће) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Šušljici (Serbian: Шушљици) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Forg Rural District Forg District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 836 in 181 families.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم آباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād and Rustamābād) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Kordehha Rural District in the Central District of Aradan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 95 families.
 Nezamabad (Persian: نظام اباد‎ also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 67 families.
 Prisad Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Zelmeņi is a village in and the centre of Tērvete municipality and Tērvete parish Latvia.
 Chiềng Sơ or Chong Su is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên Đông District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Lyngseidet (also Northern Sami: Ivgumuotki Kven: Yykeänmuotka) is the administrative centre of the municipality of Lyngen in Troms county Norway. The village is located on an isthmus that is about 3 km (1.9 mi) wide between an arm of the Ullsfjorden and the Lyngenfjorden.The village is home to a grocery store Lyngen Church nursing home schools daycare and library. The plastic Santa Claus named Gollis is also located here.
 Nezuci is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Połchowo [pɔu̯ˈxɔvɔ] (German: Polchow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kurli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Ulugeçitambarcı is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 707 people.
 Katak (Persian: كتك‎ also Romanized as Kotek) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 59 families.
 Darreh-ye Darvish Mordeh (Persian: دره درويش مرده‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Darvīsh Mordeh; also known as Darvīsh Mordeh) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Seribazar (Persian: سري بازار‎ also Romanized as Serībāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 494 in 98 families.
 Dębionek [dɛmˈbjɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadki within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sadki 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Nakło nad Notecią and 39 km (24 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 655.
 Deh Shaib-e Olya (Persian: ده شيب عليا‎ also Romanized as Deh Sha‘īb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Deh Sha‘īb-e Bālā) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 27 families.
 Kur-e Kelkian (Persian: كوركلكيان‎ also Romanized as Kūr-e Kelkīān; also known as Karīmābād and Kūr-e Kelkelīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 164 families.
 Šišave is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1125 people.
 Yusef Kandi (Persian: يوسف كندي‎ also Romanized as Yūsef Kandī and Yūsof Kandī) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 79 families.
 Kalateh-ye Mohammad Gholam (Persian: كلاته محمدغلام‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Moḩammad Gholām) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Berisu (Persian: بريسو‎ also Romanized as Berīsū) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 61 families.
 Banoštor (Serbian Cyrillic: Баноштор) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Beočin municipality in the Vojvodina province. Although the village is geographically located in Syrmia it is part of the South Bačka District. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 780 people (2002 census).
 Ignaców [iɡˈnat͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Siemkowice 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kafiabad (Persian: كافي اباد‎ also Romanized as Kāfīābād and Kafīābād) is a village in Kezab Rural District Khezrabad District Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 56 families.
 Qarah Bolagh (Persian: قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bolāgh; also known as Qal‘eh Zīr) is a village in Shoja Rural District in the Central District of Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 125 families.
 Ash Shamiyah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Mokre Łany [ˈmɔkrɛ ˈwanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 790.
 Cement City is a village in Jackson and Lenawee counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 438 at the 2010 census.Cement City is the home of Norman A. Miller Elementary School a school most recently known for being a winner of the prestigious Golden Apple Award in Michigan.
 Shir Darreh (Persian: شيردره‎ also Romanized as Shīr Darreh and Shīrdarreh) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 11 families.
 Osowiec Śląski [ɔˈsɔvjɛt͡s ˈɕlɔ̃ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Turawa and 12 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1400.
 Łękobudy [wɛnkɔˈbudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Mońki and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Karazhma is a small village in the Alappuzha district of Kerala India. Karazma is located in the Chennithala Punchayat and is the site of Karazhma Bhagvati Temple.Karazhma is bordered by Mavlikara - Thiruvalla road in the West a beautiful river in the east lush paddy fields in the north and marshes in the south. Karazhma has a good mix of Christian and Hindu population that comprises its local inhabitants.
 Tall Rezaqoli Mambi (Persian: تل رضاقلي ممبي‎ also Romanized as Tall Reẕāqolī Mambī; also known as Tall Reẕāqolī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 27 families.
 İğneciler is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 207 people.
 Boyd is a village in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 552 at the 2010 census.
 Matcze [ˈmatt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Horodło 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Hrubieszów and 105 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pidhiria (Ukrainian: Підгір'я Polish: Wołochy) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Jhandapur is a village in Sirathu Tehsil of Kaushambi district in Utter Pradesh India.Jhandapur is situated in between the main railway line of Delhi-Howrah route and the G.T. road.The Shujatpur is the nearest railway station.It is 10 km from Sirathu 12 km from Manjhanpur the district headquarters of Kaushambi and around 50 km from Allahabad.Jhandapur is having a population of around 1200 of which 90% are Muslims and 10% are Hindus.
 Nushin (Persian: نوشين‎ also Romanized as Nūshīn; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Nūshīābād and Nūshīābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Strzeżnice [stʂɛʐˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Będzino 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Koszalin and 134 km (83 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Shahriar Kandeh (Persian: شهرياركنده‎ also Romanized as Shahrīār Kandeh) is a village in Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District in the Central District of Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1464 in 391 families.
 Kalab-e Sufian-e Sofla (Persian: كلاب صوفيان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kalāb-e Şūfīān-e Soflá; also known as Kalāb-e Soflá Kalāb-e Şūfīān and Kalāb Sūfīān) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1053 in 220 families.
 Chandisthan is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1929.
 Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Hasan Hajji (Persian: تلمبه عشايري حسن حاجي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Ḩasan Ḩājjī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Cheshmeh Khani (Persian: چشمه خاني‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khānī) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 427 in 83 families.
 Sadeyreh-ye Olya (Persian: سديره عليا‎ also Romanized as Sadeyreh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Şaveyreh Şoveyreh Surin and Sweira) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 21 families.
 Maoča is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Wytyczno [vɨˈtɨt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.It was the site of the Battle of Wytyczno between Polish and Soviet forces in October 1939.
 Kobylany [kɔbɨˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Stara Kornica 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Łosice and 130 km (81 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Szczygły Górne [ˈʂt͡ʂɨɡwɨ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Łuków and 71 km (44 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Adimalathura is a small village situated in the coastal belt of the Arabian Sea in Thiruvananthapuram district Kerala State in India.
 Galwaduwagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gümüşyaka Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Halvan (Persian: حلوان‎ also Romanized as Ḩalvān Halvān and Helwān; also known as Havānleh and Hilwān) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 429 in 106 families.
 Chełkowo [xɛu̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Aliabad (Persian: عالي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād and ‘Ālīābād) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 376 in 85 families.
 Balgeh Shir (Persian: بلگه شير‎ also Romanized as Balgeh Shīr; also known as Balgashīr Balgekh-Shir Balkeh Shīr and Bilkehshīr) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1499 in 275 families.
 Vrbica (Serbian Cyrillic: Врбица) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 3536.
 Jhadhewa (Hindi: झाडेवा) is a village in the Laxmangarh administrative region of Sikar district of Indian state Rajasthan. It lies 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Laxmangarh and 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of Nawalgarh. It borders Birodi Bari Birodi Chhoti Jogiyon ka bas and Bhoodha Ka Bas villages.
 Dizaj-e Bozorg (Persian: ديزج بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Bozorg; also known as Dīzaj Dīzeh Dīzei and Dīzej) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 104 families.
 Renwadi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Qahsareh (Persian: قهساره‎ also Romanized as Qahsāreh and Qehsāreh; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Qahsāreh) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 96 families.
 Shah Mar (Persian: شاهمار‎ also Romanized as Shāh Mār; also known as Shahyār) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 50 families.
 Yamaçüstü is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 403 people.
 Królówek [kruˈluvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Pulavanur ( புலவனூர்) is a village in Cuddalore district Tamil Nadu India (PIN 607205). It is located on the southern bank of Thenpennai River (Pennaiaru). Pulavanur has several temples and notable among them are Kalyana Venkateswara temple (it had Kumbabhishekam on February 12 2012 after 39 years) Mariamman temple and a locally quite famous Draupati Amman temple.
 Qaleh-ye Heydar (Persian: قلعه حيدر‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩeydar; also known as Derow Ghal‘eh Gha‘ed Heidar Qā’ed Ḩeydarī Qal‘eh-e-Ḩājī Heydar Qal‘eh Qāid Haidar Qal‘eh-ye Ḩājjī Ḩeydar and Qal‘eh-ye Qāyed Ḩeydar) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 70 families.
 Cheshmeh Kareh (Persian: چشمه كره‎) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łubno [ˈwubnɔ] (Ukrainian: Лубно Lubno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dynów within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dynów and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1300.
 Podmurowaniec [pɔdmurɔˈvaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pajęczno and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Masłoniowizna [maswɔɲɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarki within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Żarki 10 km (6 mi) north of Myszków and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Soleymanabad (Persian: سليمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Soleymānābād; also known as Sulaimānābād) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 11 families.
 Gholwad is a village situated in Thane district of Maharashtra in India near Dahanu. It is world famous for its production of quality chickoos.
 Darbeh-ye Gharibi (Persian: دربه غريبي‎ also Romanized as Darbeh-ye Gharībī; also known as Darb-e Gharībī) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 554 in 103 families.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Ceków-Kolonia 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 110 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1100.
 Deh Ban-e Sofla (Persian: ده بان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh Bān-e Soflá) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Zagadki [zaˈɡatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Szczerców 17 km (11 mi) west of Bełchatów and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of about 100.
 Koor or Kwoor is a village in West Papua Indonesia. The village is located in Manokwari Regency (district) on the northern coast of the Bird's Head Peninsula. As of 1994 it was reported to have a population of 589 people.
 Donji Krivodol is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 19 people.
 Powałczyn [pɔˈvau̯t͡ʂɨn] (German: Powalczin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Świętajno 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Szczytno and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Zapole [zaˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.The village has a population of 28.
 Talesh Mahalleh-ye Fatuk (Persian: طالش محله فتوك‎ also Romanized as Ţālesh Maḩalleh-ye Fatūk) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 949 in 270 families.
 Pierszyce [pjɛrˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Żabno 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Tarnów and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Perumathur is a village in Perambalur district in state of Tamil Nadu India.
 Piyeh (Persian: پيه‎ also Romanized as Pīyeh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Naimabad (Persian: نعيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Naʿīmābād) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 12 families.
 Ahan Sar (Persian: اهن سر‎ also Romanized as Āhan Sar; also known as Āfensar and Ākhen Sar) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 27 families.
 Dowlatabad-e Sheykh (Persian: دولت ابادشيخ‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e Sheykh; also known as Daulatābād and Dowlatābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 21 families.
 Pieczyska Iłowskie [pjɛˈt͡ʂɨska iˈwɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Iłów 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sochaczew and 69 km (43 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Mateuszowo [matɛuˈʂɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dubienka 27 km (17 mi) east of Chełm and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ab Anar (Persian: اب انار‎ also Romanized as Āb Ānār; also known as Āb Nār) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Terenin [tɛˈrɛnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Pabianice and 20 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 80.
 Deylamshah (Persian: ديلم شاه‎ also Romanized as Deylamshāh) is a village in Alan Baraghush Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 17 families.
 Jemran (Persian: جمران‎ also Romanized as Jemrān) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 24 families.
 Sharieh-ye Omm-e Teman (Persian: شريعه ام تمن‎ also Romanized as Sharīʿeh-ye Omm-e Teman) is a village in Gharb-e Karun Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 29 families.
 Jian (Persian: جيان‎ also Romanized as Jīān and Jīyān) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2107 in 444 families.
 Jhunkhunma is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4336 people living in 831 individual households.
 Kamień nad Odrą [ˈkamjɛɲ ˌnad ˈɔdrɔ̃] is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce within Wodzisław County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the Czech border.
 Vadiakkadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Wijebahukanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tell Sultan (Arabic: تل سلطان‎; also spelled Tall as-Sultan) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Idlib Governorate located southeast of Idlib and 37 kilometers southwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Abu al-Thuhur to the southeast Tell Mardikh to the southwest Saraqib to the west and Tell Touqan to the northwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Tell Sultan had a population of 2389 in the 2004 census.
 Ulugüney Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Michqavan-e Olya (Persian: ميج قاان عليا‎ also Romanized as Mīchqāvān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Rig Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 27 families.
 Govindaputhur is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Darvishan (Persian: درويشان‎ also Romanized as Darvīshān) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 56 families.
 Shendur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Harikanassou is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Darreh Murdi (Persian: دره موردي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Mūrdī) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 9 families.
 Cubinec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D22 highway.
 Kręćkowo [krɛnt͡ɕˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kahriz-e Qaleh Daresi (Persian: كهريزقلعه درسي‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Qal‘eh Daresī; also known as Kahrīz) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 23 families.
 Çimeliyeni is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Węgrzce [ˈvɛŋkʂt͡sɛ] (German: Wangern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Dębinki [dɛmˈbinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Nasielsk 14 km (9 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Rybno [ˈrɨbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wyszków and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh Mahmudian (Persian: مزرعه محموديان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh Maḥmūdīān) is a village in Miyan Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darreh Ahaki (Persian: دره اهكي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Āhakī) is a village in Khobriz Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 17 families.
 Sinak (Persian: سينك‎ also Romanized as Sīnak) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 21 families.
 Ajgaon is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Haliyal taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.Ajgaon is also a small part of Konkan......Ajgaon lies on National Highway 17 about 13 km south of Vengurla in Sindhudurg District. It is the last major settlement along the highway before the road enters North Goa District of Goa. Arambol is the nearest village on the other side of the border.
 Kazagići (Kiseljak) is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pachet (Persian: پچت‎; also known as Pacham and Pajat) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 53 families.
 Okup Wielki [ˈɔkup ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łask and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Przewale [pʂɛˈvalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Tyszowce 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Aliabad-e Khosrowi (Persian: علي ابادخسروي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Khosrowī; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hemmatabad-e Chah-e Malek (Persian: همت ابادچاه ملك‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Chāh Malek; also known as Hemmatābād-e Mashā) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 44 families.
 Wikaryjskie [vikaˈrɨi̯skʲɛ] (German: Schönsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Chah-e Faqir (Persian: چاه فقیر ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 6 families.
 Kallakottai (Tamil: கள்ளகோட்டை) is a village in the Gandaravakottai revenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Tapin [ˈtapʲin] (Ukrainian: Тапин Tapyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Jarosław and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Weralugastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Newberry is a village in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Luce County. Located within McMillan Township at its very southern end it shares some administrative responsibilities with the surrounding township. The population was 1519 at the 2010 census.The village was named in honor of John Stoughton Newberry a U.S.
 Chuplani (Persian: چوپلاني‎ also Romanized as Chūplānī) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 300 in 67 families.
 Kalateh-ye Bazargan (Persian: كلاته بازرگان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bāzargān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bliziec [ˈbliʑet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Toszek 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Beneger (Persian: بنگر‎) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 398 in 78 families.
 Niedrzwica Kościelna-Kolonia [ɲedʐˈvit͡sa kɔɕˈt͡ɕelna kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Pataveh (Persian: پاطاوه‎ also Romanized as Pātāveh; also known as Pāy-e Ţāveh) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 19 families.
 Karakışla is a village in the District of Sultandağı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Deh-e Bala (Persian: ده بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bālā Deh Bāla and Deh Bālā) is a village in Surmaq Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 58 families.
 Asrabad (Persian: عصراباد‎ also Romanized as ʿAṣrābād) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 121 families.
 Laharepauwa is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4276 people living in 774 individual households.
 Reljinac is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 611 people.
 Wesołowo [vɛsɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dąbrowa Białostocka 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bończa [ˈbɔɲt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lubasz 9 km (6 mi) south of Czarnków and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 70.
 Venpakal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Dizaj-e Mir Homay (Persian: ديزج ميرهماي‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Mīr Homāy; also known as Homāyābād and Homāy) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Czaple-Kolonia [ˈt͡ʂaplɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Grabina [ɡraˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Tangadpally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Qaleh Kharabeh (Persian: قلعه خرابه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kharābeh; also known as Deh Kharābeh) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 54 families.
 Madugula is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Henryków [xɛnˈrɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozdrażew within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Rozdrażew 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Krotoszyn and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zarvav-e Olya (Persian: زرواوعليا‎ also Romanized as Zarvāv-e ‘Olyā; also known as Zavār-e Bālā) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 69 families.
 Donja Vratna Gora (Cyrillic: Доња Вратна Гора) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sędraszyce [sɛndraˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Grójczyk [ˈɡrui̯t͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Boniewo 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 65 km (40 mi) south of Toruń.
 Lukavac (Trnovo) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Boroviće is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 177 people.
 Kableshkovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Tervel in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Zarzec Ulański [ˈzaʐɛt͡s uˈlaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Pluty [ˈplutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 153.
 Sahlabad (Persian: سهل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sahlābād) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 41 families.
 Now Dehak (Persian: نودهك‎) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1835 in 440 families.
 Angara is a village in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Its population is around 10000.
 Phulwari is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 13580 living in 2420 individual households.
 Sobocisko [sɔbɔˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has an approximate population of 400.
 Barmak (Persian: برمك‎) is a village in Zirrah Rural District Sadabad District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 621 in 154 families.
 Şahmurlu is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. Its distance to Silifke is 42 kilometres (26 mi) and to Mersin is 115 kilometres (71 mi). The population of Şahmurlu is 169 as of 2012. The major economic activity of the village is farming and animal breeding.
 Šumata Trnica is a village in the municipality of Trgovište in southeastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 50 people.
 Canquelifá is a village in the Gabú Region of northeastern Guinea-Bissau. It lies to the northwest of Buruntuma.
 Jir Sara (Persian: جيرسرا‎ also Romanized as Jīr Sarā) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 807 in 223 families.
 Korai-ye Olya (Persian: كرايي عليا‎ also Romanized as Korā’ī-ye ‘Olyā and Kara’i Olya; also known as Korāhī ‘Olyā Korāhī-ye ‘Olyā and Korā’ī-ye Bālā) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Bovan ( Serbian: Бован) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac in the Nišava District. Bovan has a population of 554 as recorded in the 2002 census.
 Khaleqabad (Persian: خالق اباد‎ also Romanized as Khāleqābad; also known as Khāleqābād-e Nāşerīyeh) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 16 families.
 Rajac is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tuleš (Serbian: Тулеш) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 496 people.
 Las Chacras (San Martín) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Gack [ɡat͡sk] (German: Kolonie Berkenbrügge) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Drawno 22 km (14 mi) east of Choszczno and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Çoraklı is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 228 people.
 Jelonki [jɛˈlɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Rudniki 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Olesno and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 194.
 Bjelaj is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kondazhy is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Bacze Suche [ˈbat͡ʂɛ ˈsuxɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Łomża and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Annopole [annɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Środa Wielkopolska and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 70.
 Tłokinia Wielka [twɔˈkiɲa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Opatówek 9 km (6 mi) east of Kalisz and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 440.
 Lõpemetsa is a village in Raikküla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Mercer is a village in the Waikato District Council area of the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand. It is 70 km north of Hamilton and 58 km south of Auckland on the east bank of the Waikato River 2 km south of its confluence with the Mangatawhiri River.Mercer has a primary school and its shops and cafes continue to fill the role of a midpoint refreshment stop between Hamilton and Auckland which its railway station refreshment room once did.
 Sheykh Baba (Persian: شيخ بابا‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Bābā and Sheykhbābā) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 105 families.
 Privalj (Serbian: Приваљ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Marassana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within the Central Province.
 Anglesboro or Anglesborough (Irish: Gleann na gCreabhar historically anglicized as Gleanagruer) is a small village at the foot of the Galtee Mountains in south-east County Limerick Ireland. The nearest town is Mitchelstown in County Cork approximately 12 kilometres away.It is a small community with one shop a National schoola Catholic church and a community hall to service the local population. It is situated in a primarily agricultural area.
 Pchelnik Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Cà Berlone also named Cà Berloni is a small village (curazia) of San Marino. It belongs to the municipality of San Marino.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 39 families.
 Shahrak-e Shahid Mohammad Hasan Ahmadi (Persian: شهرك شهيدمحمدحسن احمدي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Moḩammad Ḩasan Aḩmadī) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Wierzchosławice [vjɛʂxɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wierzchosławice. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Tarnów and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3000.
 Nakło [ˈnakwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Stubno 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Przemyśl and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Tingvollvågen or Tingvoll is the administrative centre of Tingvoll Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on a small inlet off the Tingvollfjorden directly across the fjord from the village of Angvika (in Gjemnes Municipality). Tingvollvågen lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of Meisingset and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Straumsnes. The historic Tingvoll Church is located in this village.
 Maukkadaw is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Skotbu is a village in Ski municipality south of Ski in the county of Akershus Norway. The village has a train station on Indre Østfoldbanen. The population in this small village is increasing as new housing projects are on the way. Ringnes [1] is a yearly music festival arranged in late summer outside a farm house.
 Apuolė is a historic village in Skuodas district municipality Lithuania. It is situated some 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Skuodas on the banks of the Luoba River. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 132. Having survived a viking attack in 854 Apuolė is the oldest Lithuanian settlement mentioned in written sources. Since 2004 the attack is commemorated by an annual medieval reenactment Apuolė 854.Apuolė was an important hill fort of the Curonians one of the Baltic tribes.
 Qaziabad (Persian: قاضي اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāẕīābād) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 34 families.
 Brochocin [brɔˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagrodno within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zagrodno 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Złotoryja and 78 kilometres (48 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Jelovče Selo is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Emaft (Persian: امافت‎ also Romanized as Emāft) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 29 families.
 Espidabad (Persian: اسپيداباد‎ also Romanized as Espīdābād) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 34 families.
 Rakam Karnali is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2201 people living in 402 individual households.
 Kuura is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Bolqanabad (Persian: بلقان اباد‎ also Romanized as Bolqānābād) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1578 in 373 families.
 Qaleh-ye Seyyed (Persian: قلعه سيد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Seyyed and Qal‘eh-i-Saiyid) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2512 in 551 families.
 Parsadewadh is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6779 people living in 1230 individual households.
 Huta Józefów [ˈxuta juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szastarka within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sholeh Boran (Persian: شله بران‎ also Romanized as Sholeh Borān and Sholehborān; also known as Shīlīleh) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 103 families.
 Tủa Thàng is a commune (xã) and village of the Tủa Chùa District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Surmaczówka [surmaˈt͡ʂufka] (Ukrainian: Сурмачівка Surmachivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Jarosław and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gniewomirowice [ɡɲɛvɔmirɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Miłkowice 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Legnica and 69 kilometres (43 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Grądy Węgorzewskie [ˈɡrɔndɨ vɛnɡɔˈʐɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Meleh Khvoish-e Sofla (Persian: مله خويش سفلي‎ also Romanized as Meleh Khvoīsh=e Soflá) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Gol Anjir (Persian: گل انجير‎ also Romanized as Gol Anjīr) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 22 families.
 Chaheh (Persian: چاهه‎ also Romanized as Chāheh; also known as Chāhā and Chāhheh) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1879 in 225 families.
 Młodzawy Małe [mwɔˈd͡zavɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pińczów and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Uluköy is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 425 people.
 Gaz (Persian: گز‎) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 75 families.
 Ratyan (Arabic: رتيان‎) is a town in northern Syria administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Mayer to the northwest Al-Zahraa and Bayanoun to the west and Tell Jabin to the east. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Ratyan had a population of 2216 in the 2004 census.
 Kannavam is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Taviran-e Olya (Persian: طاويران عليا‎ also Romanized as Ţāvīrān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ţāvīrān) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 67 families.
 Nikudin is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Glinne [ˈɡlʲinːɛ] (Ukrainian: Глинне Hlynne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Lesko and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mozaffari-ye Jonubi (Persian: مظفري جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affarī-ye Jonūbī; also known as Moz̧affarī) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Nabadagahawatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sikhvoran (Persian: سيخوران‎ also Romanized as Sīkhvorān Sīkhowrān and Sīkhūrān; also known as Sīkhorān) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 17 families.
 Cimochy [t͡ɕiˈmɔxɨ] (German: Groß Czymochen from 1929–1945 Reuß) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wieliczki 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Olecko and 145 km (90 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 456.
 Kaliska [kaˈliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lubień Kujawski 27 km (17 mi) south of Włocławek and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Deh-e Kowsar (Persian: ده كوثر‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kows̄ar and Deh Kows̄ar) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 64 families.
 Pomianowo [pɔmjaˈnɔvɔ] (formerly German Pumlow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Białogard and 119 km (74 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Żebry [ˈʐɛbrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Śniadowo 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Łomża and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qorbanabad (Persian: قربان اباد‎ also Romanized as Qorbānābād; also known as Ghorban Abad) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 70 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 37 kilometres (23 mi) south-east of Ostróda and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Owadów [ɔˈvaduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Sławno 11 km (7 mi) west of Opoczno and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Taj ol Din Mahalleh (Persian: تاج الدين محله‎ also Romanized as Tāj ol Dīn Maḩalleh; also known as Tāj od Dīn) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 404 in 112 families.
 Nong (Persian: ننگ‎; also known as Nang-e Pā’īn and Nong-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District Qaleh Qazi District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 106 families.
 Sagowr-e Hanzaleh (Persian: صگورحنظله‎ also Romanized as Sagowr-e Ḩanz̧aleh and Şagowr-e Ḩanz̧aleh; also known as Sagowr-e Khanz̧aleh) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 32 families.
 Çaybaşı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Tazehnab-e Olya (Persian: تازه ناب عليا‎ also Romanized as Tāzehnāb-e ‘Olyā and Tāzeh Nāb-e ‘Olya; also known as Tāzeh Nāb-e Bālā Tāznāb Tāznāb-e Bālā and Tāznāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 79 families.
 Galuzi-ye Davud (Persian: گلوزي داود‎ also Romanized as Galūzī-ye Dāvūd; also known as Dārābī and Dārrābī) is a village in Direh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Chah-e Zakaria (Persian: چاه ذكريا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ẕaḵarīā) is a village in Dasht-e Jam Rural District Bujgan District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wyszogród [vɨˈʂɔɡrut] (German: Wiesegrade) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Chah Nahr (Persian: چاه نهر‎ also Romanized as Chāh Nahr and Chāh-e Nahr; also known as Chāh Nar) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1137 in 244 families.
 Rezqabad (Persian: رزق اباد‎ also Romanized as Rezqābād) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 22 families.
 Chopoqlu (Persian: چپقلو‎ also Romanized as Chopoqlū) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 63 families.
 Hablas (Persian: هابلس‎ also Romanized as Hāblas) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Bayanoun (Arabic: بيانون‎) is a town in northern Syria administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Al-Zahraa and Mayer to the north and Hreitan to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Bayanoun had a population of 3824 in the 2004 census.
 Az Zilal is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 49 families.
 Vrapci is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 49 people.
 Guncati is a village in the municipality of Barajevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2102 people.
 Darılık is a village in the District of Aladağ Adana Province Turkey.
 Maruszów [maˈruʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ożarów 28 km (17 mi) east of Opatów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 310.
 Godzimierz [ɡɔˈd͡ʑimjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Aïnoumane is a village in Senegal.
 Farajabad (Persian: فرج اباد‎ also Romanized as Farajābād and Farjābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 30 families.
 Thadiparthy is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal.
 Starosiedle [starɔˈɕɛdlɛ] (German: Starzeddel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It is located southeast of Gubin about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from the German border. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gornja Međiđa is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Parhuz-e Emamzadeh Jafar (Persian: پارحوض امامزاده جعفر‎ also Romanized as Pārḥūz̤-e Emāmzādeh Jaʿfar) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rangapur is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Köseler is a village in the District of Kıbrısçık Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 83 people.
 Beyt-e Bavi (Persian: بيت باوي‎ also Romanized as Beyt-e Bāvī; also known as Bāvi Shamaklī Shemālī and Shomakelī) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 662 in 99 families.
 Deh Chasht (Persian: ده چاشت‎ also Romanized as Deh Chāsht) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 46 families.
 Węgry [ˈvɛŋɡrɨ] (German: Wangern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Żórawina and 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Małe Osiedle [ˈmawɛ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Halifeli is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 26 families.
 Yukarıelyakut is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Pey Qaleh (Persian: پي قلعه‎ also Romanized as Pey Qal‘eh; also known as Pā Qal‘eh) is a village in Haq Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 28 families.
 Deh Now (Persian: ده نو‎) is a village in Darbandrud Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 710 in 173 families.
 Chah-e Hoseynali (Persian: چاه حسينعلي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩoseyn‘alī) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 535 in 121 families.
 Kafraj (Persian: كفراج‎ also Romanized as Kafrāj and Kefraj; also known as Kafrāsh) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1670 in 421 families.
 Lareh Sabzi (Persian: لره سبزي‎ also Romanized as Lareh Sabzī; also known as Lareh Sabzī-ye Gel Sorkheh and Darreh Sabzī) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 18 families.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād; also known as Shamsābād-e Gā'īnī Hā) is a village in Qanavat Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 625 in 137 families.
 Sant Joan de Labritja (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsaɲ ʒuˈan də ɫəˈβɾidʒə] Spanish: San Juan Bautista) is a village and municipality of the Balearic Islands on northern Ibiza. Among others the resorts of Portinatx and Cala de Sant Vicent are located there.The municipality encompasses the following towns and villages:
 Namaklwe is a village near the Burma-Thai border in Mong Ton Township of Shan State in eastern Burma. It lies along National Highway 45 which connects it to Mong Ton in the north and leads into Thailand just to the south. It has been a site of conflict when the Burma Frontier Force once gunned down Siamese invaders at Namaklwe.
 Opoka [ɔˈpɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Końskowola 8 km (5 mi) east of Puławy and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 262.
 Klejnówko [klɛi̯ˈnufkɔ] (German: Gut Klenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Braniewo and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 45.
 Qarah Aqaj-e Bala (Persian: قره اقاج بالا‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āqāj-e Bālā and Qarah Āghāj-e Bālā) is a village in Atrak Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Ramankary is a village in the Kuttanad region of India. It is 9 km away from Changanacherry town and 17 km from Alappuzha city. It is one of the villages in Alapuzha on the bank of the Pamba River with picturesque vast paddy fields.
 Asdas is a village in the northern part of the Ma'rib Governorate of Yemen. It is located northwest of the city of Ma'rib. It is roughly half way between Ma'rib and Al Hazm to the northwest. Yasaihar is one of the nearest settlements to the northwest on the way to Al Hazm.
 Aruvälja is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 50 (as of 1 January 2011).Most of the village territory are occupied by bogs which are part of the Nätsi-Võlla Nature Reserve. The settlement is located in the northeastern part of the territory by the Pärnu–Lihula road (nr. 60).
 Pattina is a village in Värska Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.Pattina and its neighbouring villages (Kundruse Litvina Perdaku Saabolda Saatse Samarina Sesniki and Ulitina) are notable as part of Estonia that although not an enclave before 2008 wasn't reachable by road without passing through Russian territory for several hundred metres through an area known as the Saatse Boot.
 Allah Nur (Persian: اله نور‎ also Romanized as Allāh Nūr; also known as Qareh Meshk) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 37 families.
 Balasaz (Kazakh: Баласаз) is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Shahrak-e Qaleh Juq-e Bozorg (Persian: شهرك قلعه جق بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Qal‘eh Jūq-e Bozorg; also known as Qal‘eh Jūq-e Bozorg) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1344 in 288 families.
 Lipie [ˈlipjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Czerniewice 13 km (8 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Rąpice [rɔmˈpit͡sɛ] (German: Rampitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.
 Tartak [ˈtartak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzówek within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Donji Prisjan is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 330 people.
 Barada is a village in Richardson County Nebraska United States. The population was 24 at the 2010 census. The village was named in honor of the mid-19th-century folk hero Antonine Barada who ran a trading post within the former Nemaha Half-Breed Reservation.
 Čukovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Dayer (Persian: داير‎ also Romanized as Dāyer) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Gach Boland (Persian: گچ بلند‎) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 764 in 146 families.
 Crni Kao is a village in the municipality of Ražanj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 504 people.
 Sulkovci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 699. The village is connected by the D49 state road.
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبداله اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād and ‘Abdulābād) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 605 in 144 families.
 Sari Qayeh (Persian: ساري قيه‎ also Romanized as Sārī Qayeh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 63 families.
 Girdadul (also Girdedui and Girdedul) is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Leskovac (Serbian: Лесковац) is a village situated in Knić municipality in Serbia.
 Krzyżowice [kʂɨʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Kreisewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Olszanka 8 km (5 mi) south of Brzeg and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Marynin [maˈrɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Tayyebabad (Persian: طيب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ţayyebābād; also known as Ţayyeb Teybābād and Ţīb) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 108 families.
 Gliniec [ˈɡliɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Przysucha and 92 km (57 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Hareh Dasht (Persian: هره دشت‎; also known as 'Haradasht Harah Dasht-e Jonūbī and Kharadasht) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1495 in 375 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Draganchetata is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Lephephe also known as Lehepe or Lephepe is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. The population of Lephephe was 742 in 2001 census.
 Spławie [ˈspwavjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kołaczkowo 21 km (13 mi) south of Września and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sand Lake is a general law village in Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 500 at the 2010 census.
 Nowy Wilków [ˈnɔvɨ ˈvilkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Filipki Duże [fiˈlipki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Kolno and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 94.
 Garak (Persian: گرك‎) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 4 families.
 Bijelo Polje (Cyrillic: Бијело Поље) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Powalice [pɔvaˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ińsko within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ińsko 32 km (20 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 3.
 Zavehkuh (Persian: زاوه كوه‎ also Romanized as Zāvehkūh) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 57 families.
 Shah Kuh (Persian: شاه كوه‎ also Romanized as Shāh Kūh) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gornji Karajzovci (Serbian: Горњи Карајзовци) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Huta Krzeszowska [ˈxuta kʂɛˈʂɔfska] (Ukrainian: Гута Крешівська Huta Kreshivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Harasiuki 23 km (14 mi) east of Nisko and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Mehdi Soltan (Persian: مهدئ سلطان‎ also Romanized as Mehdī Solṭān; also known as Mehdīābād and Shahr-e Kharāb) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Apparao Palem is a village (with a gram panchayat) of Atmakur Nellore district Andhra Pradesh India. This area was under the rule of Apparao in olden times which brought this name to this village.[citation needed]
 Heravi (Persian: هروي‎ also Romanized as Heravī and Hervī; also known as Herbī) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2399 in 640 families.Its fame is due to its pleasurable climate & amazing nature. Hervi is also known for its damask rose.
 Øvre Ramse is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Lubowierz [luˈbɔvjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Boljanovići is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gorebal (Kannada : ಗೊರೇಬಾಳ) is a village located 9 km away from Sindhanur in the Raichur district of Karnataka state India. Gorebal is well irrigated with Tunga bhadra left bank canals 32(Hanchinal camp) and 36 (Gorebal camp).
 Yombuweltenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Przysieka [pʂɨˈɕeka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kozłów 14 km (9 mi) north of Miechów and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 630.
 Deh Now (Persian: ده نو‎) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 20 families.
 Teresin [tɛˈrɛɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Proszowice and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 320.
 Hendelabad (Persian: هندل اباد‎ also Romanized as Hendelābād; also known as Hamādīlābād and Handīlābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1294 in 331 families.
 Podlipki [pɔdˈlipki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Krynki 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Sokółka and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 40.
 Stara Wieś [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Sardudam Run (Persian: سردودم رون‎ also Romanized as Sardūdam Rūn) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Asharf ol Eslam (Persian: اشرف الاسلام‎ also Romanized as Āshraf ol Eslām; also known as Sharf ol Salām) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 87 families.
 Mosty [ˈmɔstɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 3 km (2 mi) east of Lębork and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1601.
 Habkowce [xapˈkɔft͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Габківці Habkivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisna within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Cisna 27 km (17 mi) south of Lesko and 92 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 30.
 Kalateh-ye Qanbar (Persian: كلاته قنبر‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Qanbar) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 42 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Amroabad (Persian: قشلاق عمراباد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e ‘Amroābād and Qeshlāq-e ‘Amrowābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2421 in 575 families.
 Gniła [ˈɡniwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 17 km (11 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 490.
 Sovići is a village in southwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is in the West Herzegovina Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is part of the Grude municipality.According to the 1991 Yugoslav census there were 2629 residents in the village of Sovići of which 2625 were ethnic Croats.
 Holan (Persian: هلان‎ also Romanized as Holān) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 12 families.
 Eslamlu Ayili (Persian: اسلاملوايلي‎ also Romanized as Eslāmlū Āyīlī; also known as Eslāmlū Eslāmlū Chowyān and Eslāmlū Chūpān) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 937 in 209 families.
 Kakerun (Persian: كاكرون‎ also Romanized as Kākerūn and Kākarūn; also known as Kākerān) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 21 families.
 Pazik Kheyl (Persian: پازيك خيل‎ also Romanized as Pāzīk Kheyl) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 15 families.
 Torbalazhite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Ahmetbey is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Strachanów [straˈxanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Goszczanów 29 km (18 mi) north of Sieradz and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nedzingė is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 288 people.
 Qaleh Now-e Hashivar (Persian: قلعه نوهشيوار‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Hashīvār; also known as Qal‘eh-i-Nau Qal‘eh Now and Qal‘eh-ye Now) is a village in Hashivar Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 32 families.
 Jabłonowo [jabwɔˈnɔvɔ] (German: Jablonowo; 1938-45: Dreililien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Qareh Makher (Persian: قره ماخر‎ also Romanized as Qareh Mākher; also known as Qarah Mākhvor Ghareh Māklher and Qareh Mākhūr) is a village in Atrak Rural District Dashli Borun District Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1100 in 236 families.
 Onay (Arabic: انی‎) is a village in Helmand Province in southwestern Afghanistan.
 Karingamthuruth is a small village in the taluk of North Paravoor in the Ernakulam district of Kerala India.
 Bilo Polje is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lixnaw (Irish: Leac Snámha meaning swimming flagstone) is a village in North County Kerry Ireland. It is located near the River Brick 11 km (6.8 mi) SW of Listowel and 17 km (11 mi) NE of Tralee.
 Allah Dad (Persian: اله داد‎ also Romanized as Allah Dād) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 13 families.
 Krasny Las [ˈkrasnɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Supraśl and 14 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Vaskeh (Persian: وسكه‎) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Albu Gulak (Persian: البوگولك‎ also Romanized as Ālbū Gūlak; also known as Al Bakūlak) is a village in Abshar Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 66 families.
 Celilbeyoğlu is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 373 people.
 Kharpahlu (Persian: خارپهلو‎ also Romanized as Khārpahlū) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 33 families.
 Derekarabağ is a village in the District of Bolvadin Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Rędziny [rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szczekociny 38 km (24 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 50.
 Sorkh-e Kan (Persian: سرخكان‎ also Romanized as Sorkh-e Kān) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 14 families.
 Bapir-e Jafar Qoli (Persian: باپيرجعفرقلي‎ also Romanized as Bāpīr-e Ja‘far Qolī) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 16 families.
 Owkhchi (Persian: اوخچي‎ also Romanized as Owkhchī and Ūkhchī) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 60 families.
 Kolehu (Persian: كله هو‎ also Romanized as Kolehū Koleh Hū and Kalhū; also known as Kolehū-ye Soflá and Koleh Hū-ye Soflá) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 979 in 201 families.
 Zaton is a village in Croatia in the Šibenik-Knin County.
 Cham Kabud (Persian: چمكبود‎ also Romanized as Cham Kabūd) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 54 families.
 Kostelecké Horky is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Wot is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3419 people living in 608 individual households.
 Bishrampur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6721 people living in 1229 individual households.
 Dehestan (Persian: دهستان‎ also Romanized as Dehestān) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 32 families.
 Erqut Daham is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Tumaraqa Khan (Persian: توماراقاخان‎ also Romanized as Tūmārāqā Khān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 58 families.
 Vishaj is a village in the municipality of Vaqarr in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.The current mayor of Vishaj is Alfred Aga.
 Delfstrahuizen (West Frisian: Dolsterhuzen) is a small village in Lemsterland in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 260 citizens (2004).
 Ardfinnan (Irish: Ard Fhíonáin meaning Fíonáin's height) is a small village in the barony of Iffa and Offa West South Tipperary in Ireland. It is situated on the River Suir and R665 regional road. The parish of Ardfinnan is made up of three areas: Ardfinnan Ballybacon and Grange. The village is located 14 kilometres from the town of Clonmel and six miles from the town of Cahir via the R670 road. The population of the village is approximately 1000 people.
 Kanlići (Cyrillic: Канлићи) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Drzewce [ˈdʐɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lipce Reymontowskie 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Skierniewice and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Harar-e Kalgah-e Shiraz (Persian: حراركلگاه شيراز‎ also Romanized as Ḩarār-e Kalgāh-e Shīrāz; also known as Ḩarāreh Kalgāh-e Shīrāz) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 7 families.
 Chah-e Ja (Persian: چه جا‎ also Romanized as Chah-e Jā; also known as Chajā Chojū and Khajū) is a village in Estarabad Rural District Kamalan District Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 South Floral Park is a village in Nassau County New York United States. United States. The population was 1764 at the 2010 census.The Incorporated Village of South Floral Park is inside the Town of Hempstead.
 Tubrojevići (Cyrillic: Тубројевићи) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Aq Bolagh-e Olya (Persian: اق بلاغ عليا‎ also Romanized as Āq Bolāgh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āghbolāgh-e Bālā and Āgh Bolāgh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 600 in 104 families.
 Doab (Persian: دواب‎ also Romanized as Doāb and Dowāb) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 14 families.
 Eskug (Persian: اسكوگ‎ also Romanized as Eskūg Eskūk Askook and Iskaug) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Parsa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3380 people living in 507 individual households.
 Rakownia [raˈkɔvɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Murowana Goślina and 21 km (13 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań. It is situated on the road from Murowana Goślina to Kamińsko at the edge of the Puszcza Zielonka forest and landscape park.
 Demirpınar is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Heremakono is a village and seat of the commune of Mali in the Cercle of San in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.
 Rud Posht (Persian: رودپشت‎ also Romanized as Rūd Posht) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District Khoshk-e Bijar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 822 in 245 families.
 Świętosław [ɕfjɛnˈtɔswaf] (German: Schwenzlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 400.
 Wadegawhan is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Bonwire is a village in Ejisu-Juaben Municipal district a district of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
 Brukniewo [brukˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 28.
 Nowe Gralewo [ˈnɔvɛ ɡraˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Raciąż 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 124.
 Gąsiorowo [ɡɔ̃ɕɔˈrɔvɔ] (German: Ganshorn bei Gilgenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north of Działdowo and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 263. Until 1945 it was part of Germany in the province of East Prussia.
 Bogucin [bɔˈɡut͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Opinogóra Górna 8 km (5 mi) east of Ciechanów and 77 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Gronostaje-Puszcza [ɡrɔnɔsˈtajɛ ˈpuʂt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kottanellur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Odaiyakulam is a panchayat town in Coimbatore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Zborów [ˈzbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Żelazków 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 107 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also kown as Ja‘farīyeh and Ja‘fariyeh Shahbad) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5 in 4 families.
 Promnik [ˈprɔmnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Strawczyn and 15 km (9 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 1100.
 Ambalavayal is a village in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India. The Wayanad Heritage Museum is located in the village.
 Salmanabad (Persian: سلمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Salmānābād; also known as Solţānābād Solţānābād-e 'Āsjīl and Kalāteh-ye Solţānābād) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 20 families.
 Gatlang is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1533 people living in 328 individual households.
 Buczek [ˈbut͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dwikozy 13 km (8 mi) north of Sandomierz and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Šišljavić is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D36 highway.
 Mowtowr-e Hasan Hasht va Gani Chah Hasan (Persian: موتورحسن هشتوگاني چاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasan Hasht va Gānī Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Hatipoğlutolu Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājīabād; also known as Ḩājābād) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 77 families.
 Međeđa is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Załazek Piątkowski [zaˈwazɛk pjɔntˈkɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 100.
 Fategarh is a village in Orissa located in Bhapur Tehsil in Nayagarh District. It is 33.2 km far from its District Main City Nayagarh. It is 54 km far from its state capital Bhubaneswar.It is also a main entrance path to Nayagarh district from Bhubaneswar. The village has a population of 9000 as of 2011 which is quite large compared to the average size of a typical village in Odisha.
 Nal Shekan (Persian: نعل شكن‎ also Romanized as Na‘l Shekan; also known as Na‘leh Shekan Shotorān) is a village in Sumar Rural District Sumar District Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 15 families.
 Jadwigów [jadˈviɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lipowy Dwór [liˈpɔvɨ ˈdvur] (German: Lindenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 95 km (59 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 Sidhamula is a village in Nayagarh district. It is a Gram Panchayat under the Khandapara block. The villages in the Sidhamula panchayat include Sidhamula Balaramprasad Ghodamaridwar (Duargaon)Rajakiari Kanasingh Barapurikia Hatiapalli and Nagajhar.
 Wola Mikorska [ˈvɔla mʲiˈkɔrska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 210.
 Kandwal is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil.
 Przerwa [ˈpʂɛrva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Walce 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Krapkowice and 28 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Czerniejów [t͡ʂɛrˈɲejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serniki within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ziaratgah (Persian: زيارتگاه‎ also Romanized as Zīāratgāh) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 111 families.
 Brzoza [ˈbʐɔza] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Borów 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Strzelin and 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Klanica is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 590 people.
 Nowy Kraszew [ˈnɔvɨ ˈkraʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klembów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Padej (Serbian Cyrillic: Падеј Hungarian: Padé) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Čoka municipality North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority(66.62%) and its population is 2882 people (2002 census).
 Hirevo is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Çınarköy is a village in the District of Kuşadası Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 321 people.
 Qaleh Chek (Persian: قلعه چك‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Chek; also known as Qal‘eh Kūchek) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 18 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Balaqolu (Persian: بالاقلو‎ also Romanized as Bālāqolū; also known as Bālqolū) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 17 families.
 Kehala is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Wysoczany [vɨsɔˈt͡ʂanɨ] (Ukrainian: Височани) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza within Sanok County in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Komańcza 12 km (7 mi) south of Sanok and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 110.
 Zaostrów [zaˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Słupia 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Końskie and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 210.
 Gug Bagh (Persian: گوگ باغ‎ also Romanized as Gūg Bāgh) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 78 families.
 Cheshmeh Sangi (Persian: چشمه سنگي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sangī) is a village in Parsinah Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 32 families.
 Esmail Mahmudi (Persian: اسماعيل محمودي‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īl Maḩmūdī Esmā‘īl-e Maḩmūdī and Isma‘il Mahmoodi; also known as Sūmā‘īl Maḩmūd and Sumā‘īl Mahmūdi) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Grabowo [ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Chojna 29 km (18 mi) south of Gryfino and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mazraeh-ye Dowlatabad (Persian: مزرعه دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Dowlatābād; also known as Dowlatābād) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Oyrarbakki is a village on the west coast of the Faroese island of Eysturoy in the Sunda municipality between Norðskáli and Oyri.In 2005 the population was 97. Its postal code is FO 400. The nearby 226-metre Oyrarbakki bridge across to the island of Streymoy opened in 1976. Oyrarbakki now has a large school shops and a modern post office building.
 Dash Bolagh (Persian: داشبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh; also known as Dāsh Būlāq) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 84 families.
 Rostamdar Mahalleh (Persian: رستم دارمحله‎ also Romanized as Rostamdār Maḩalleh; also known as Rostamdārī Maḩalleh) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Daskarite is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Čusto Brdo is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Budziszcze [buˈd͡ʑiʂt͡ʂɛ] (German: Karolinenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Łobez and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Biecz 8 km (5 mi) north of Gorlice and 99 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Stare Zawady [ˈstarɛ zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mohseni (Persian: محسني‎ also Romanized as Moḥsenī) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pęcice Małe [pɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pruszków and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 580.
 Balalam (Persian: بلالم‎ also Romanized as Balālam) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 86 families.
 Gol Cheshmeh (Persian: گل چشمه‎) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 31 families.
 Międzyleś [mʲɛnˈd͡zɨlɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tuczna 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 91 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 340.
 Adakavala is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Dod Ballapur taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Charmileh (Persian: چرميله‎ also Romanized as Charmīleh) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 422 in 98 families.
 Kolkonda is a village and panchayat in warangal district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Devaruppula mandal.
 Siveh Kadeh-ye Sofla (Persian: سيوه كده سفلي‎ also Romanized as Siveh Kadeh-ye Soflá; also known as Sīb Godā-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 22 families.
 Deh Kalbali (Persian: ده كلبعلي‎ also Romanized as Deh Kalb‘alī and Deh-e Kalb ‘Alī; also known as Kalb ‘Alī) is a village in Kabutarsorkh Rural District in the Central District of Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 93 families.
 Sarveh-ye Pain (Persian: سروه پايين‎ also Romanized as Sarveh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 18 families.
 Tarvastu is a village in Tarvastu Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It's located about a kilometer east of Mustla the administrative centre of the municipality. Tarvastu has a population of 99 (as of 2006). The village is passed by the Tarvastu River and the Viljandi–Rõngu road (nr 52). Estonian second largest lake Võrtsjärv also shares a small border with the village's territory.
 Siavosh Kandi (Persian: سياوش كندي‎ also Romanized as Sīāvosh Kandī; also known as Sīāvosh) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 45 families.
 Qalvazeh (Persian: قلوزه‎ also Romanized as Qālvāzeh) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 23 families.
 Periyapattinam (Tamil: பெரியபட்டினம்) is a large village located in the eastern part (Gulf of Mannar) of Ramanathapuram district Tamil Nadu India. The inhabitants of this village are primarily Tamil Muslims
 Zaścianki [zaɕˈt͡ɕaŋkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Başköy is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Nowa Huta [ˈnɔva ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Raków and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 306.
 Trzebosz [ˈtʂɛbɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bojanowo 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Rawicz and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Ożarów 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Opatów and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 80.
 Brynek [ˈbrɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Tworóg 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Lubień [ˈlubjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wyryki 17 km (11 mi) west of Włodawa and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Łąski Piec [ˈwɔ̃ski ˈpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Śliwice 25 km (16 mi) east of Tuchola and 61 km (38 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 180.
 Zirnay-e Sofla (Persian: زيرناي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zīrnāy-e ‘Soflá; also known as Zīrnā-e Soflá) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 12 families.
 Popovets is a village in Stambolovo Municipality in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Chlebowo [xlɛˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Miłosław 19 km (12 mi) south of Września and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 230.
 Sokołowo [sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Wymysłów [vɨˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kije 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Pińczów and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Chah-e Hasan Samuri (Persian: چاه حسن سموري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩasan Samūrī and Chāh Ḩasan Samūrī) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Wielowiczek [vjɛlɔˈvit͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Sośno 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Deh Daqan (Persian: دهداقان‎ also Romanized as Deh Dāqān and Deh Daqūn) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lukavec u Hořic is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jabal Kandi (Persian: جبل كندي‎ also Romanized as Jabal Kandī and Jabalkandī) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 84 families.
 Mokra Wieś [ˈmɔkra ˈvʲɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Podegrodzie 11 km (7 mi) west of Nowy Sącz and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Bala Serest (Persian: بالاسرست‎ also Romanized as Bālā Serest; also known as Bālā Sar Rost) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 993 in 228 families.
 Palkil (Persian: پلكيل‎ also Romanized as Palḵīl; also known as Pol Kal) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Aq Kand (Persian: اقكند‎ also Romanized as Āq Kand and Aqkand; also known as Agh Kand Mehraban) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1286 in 253 families.
 Uskorz Wielki [ˈuskɔʂ ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wołów and 34 kilometres (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mushrigharari is a village in Samastipur district of Bihar state India.
 Yeşiltepe is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Khvoshab (Persian: خوشاب‎ also Romanized as Khvoshāb Khowshāb and Khushāb) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 65 families.
 Kal-e Hadiyeh (Persian: كال هديه‎ also Romanized as Kāl-e Hadīyeh) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 composed of 5 families.
 Banavand (Persian: بناوند‎ also Romanized as Banāvand) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 49 families.
 Govareshki (Persian: گوارشكي‎ also Romanized as Govāreshkī and Gavāreshkī) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 32 families.
 Chelan-e Sofla (Persian: چلان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chelān-e Soflá) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 136 families.
 Chah-e Saidi (Persian: چاه سعيدي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Saʿīdī) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tandi is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7919 people living in 1410 individual households.
 Baztin (Persian: بازتين‎ also Romanized as Bāztīn; also known as Bāst and Bāstīn) is a village in Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 19 families.
 Watumulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Antolka [anˈtɔlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielki within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Książ Wielki 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Miechów and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 310.
 Ajjapalli Kolar is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kolar taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Kabutarabad Agricultural Education Centre (Persian: مركزاموزش كشاورزي كبوتراباد‎ – Markaz Amūzeseh-ye Keshāvarzī-ye Kabūtarābād) is a village and educational institution in Keraj Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 22 families.
 Byczeń [ˈbɨt͡ʂɛɲ] (German: Baitzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec Ząbkowicki within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Kamieniec Ząbkowicki 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 69 kilometres (43 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hamre is a village located in Pattan Tehsil of Baramulla district.
 Kuran [ˈkuran] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Darreh-ye Qila Ali Mohammad (Persian: دره قيلاعلي محمد‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Qīlā ʿAlī Moḩammad; also known as Darreh-ye Qīlā) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Słupce [ˈswupt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Biała Rawska 17 km (11 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Madim-e Godar (Persian: مديم گدار‎ also Romanized as Madīm-e Godār; also known as Madīm and Modīm) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District Lalehzar District Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Dmochy-Mrozy [ˈdmɔxɨ ˈmrɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Czyżew-Osada 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Zastawki [zasˈtafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Opole Lubelskie and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sladun is a village in the municipality of Svilengrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Tork Mahalleh (Persian: ترك محله‎ also Romanized as Tork Maḩalleh) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 39 families.
 Meota is a village in Meota Rural Municipality No. 468 Saskatchewan Canada. The village's population was 297 at the 2006 Canadian Census. The village name is derived from the Cree phrase Meotate or Mo-Was-In-Ota meaning good place to camp or it is good here.
 Pociūnai is a village (Lithuanian: kaimas) in the eldership or elderate of Pakalniškiai in the Radviliškis district municipality in Šiauliai County Lithuania.
 Cheshmeh Murineh (Persian: چشمه مورينه‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mūrīneh) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 15 families.
 Modge is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 El Potrero (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Kaliszki [kaˈliʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Rawa Mazowiecka and 49 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pugalur is the area covering lands both in Nanjai and Punjai.Nanjai refers to the land with plenty of water usually with water bodies like rivercanalpond etc. and Punjai refers to the land with less water bodies like bore well. Pugalur in nanjai area is known as Nanjai Pugalur and Pugalur in punjai area is known as Punjai Pugalur.
 Kolah Bakhsh (Persian: كلاه بخش‎ also Romanized as Kolāh Bakhsh) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 11 families.
 Abu Nukhayl is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Komarolu is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Rotsterhaule is a small village in Skarsterlân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 400 citizens (2004).
 Brzeszczyny [bʐɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] (German: Schwillgarben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Lipnica [lipˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ostrowite 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Słupca and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ljuša (Serbian: Љуша) is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 109 people.
 Rusiec [ˈruɕet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wapno within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wapno 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Wągrowiec and 72 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 190.
 Sirinjeh (Persian: سرنجه‎ also Romanized as Sīrīnjeh Sarenjeh Sarinjeh and Serenjah) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 89 families.
 İmircik Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 İkiztepe is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 1034 people.
 Kharasf (Persian: خرسف‎) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 150 families.
 Bisalla is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4222 people living in 748 individual households.
 Ruda-Skroda [ˈruda ˈskrɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Kolno and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 118.
 Dunkuh (Persian: دونكوه‎ also Romanized as Dūnkūh; also known as Dūnak) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 7 families.
 Mańczyce [maɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Qalateh Rashkeh (Persian: قلاته رشكه‎ also Romanized as Qalāteh Rashkeh and Qalāteh-ye Rashkeh; also known as Doroshkeh Kala Darashga Kalāteh Rashkeh Kalāt-e Tarashkeh and Qal‘at Tarashka) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 14 families.
 Halfway River is a rural community in Cumberland County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lalard (Persian: للرد‎) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 79 families.
 Erja is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Alan (Persian: الان‎ also Romanized as Alān) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 56 families.
 Rattan and Belvedere is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Bashvan (Persian: باشوان‎ also Romanized as Bāshvān; also known as Bānshovān) is a village in Buin Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 24 families.
 Berżniki-Folwark [bɛrʐˈniki ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Wójcin [ˈvui̯t͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Yekan-e Sadi (Persian: يكان سعدي‎ also Romanized as Yekān-e Sa‘dī; also known as Sa‘dī Saiyid Ali and Seyyed ‘Alī) is a village in Yekanat Rural District Yamchi District Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 161 families.
 Örencik is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 602 people.
 Sarhang (Persian: سرهنگ‎) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 25 families.
 Eravathur is a small village situated towards the south end of Thrissur district of Kerala state in India. This village is situated nearly 40 km (25 mi) away from Ernakulam city and nearly 45 km (28 mi) from Thrissur city.
 Geri Doveji (Persian: گري دوجي‎ also Romanized as Gerī Dovejī; also known as Gerī) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2331 in 451 families.
 Marianówek [marjaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Jeżów 17 km (11 mi) east of Brzeziny and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 30.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Kanni is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Khan is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3925 and had 760 houses in the town.
 Nuel (Persian: نوئل‎ also Romanized as Nū'el) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Podgórcze [pɔdˈɡurt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 60.
 Aliabad-e Hojjat (Persian: علي ابادحجت‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Ḩojjat; also known as ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e Moz̧affarī) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 24 families.
 Burripalem is a village in Tenali mandal in Guntur District of Andhra Pradesh India. It has a population of 2800 (2001 census). It is located 6 km east from Tenali Town.
 Hamyanak (Persian: هميانك‎ also Romanized as Hamyānak Ḩamīānak and Hamīyānak) is a village in Fash Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 21 families.
 Muringur Vadakkummuri is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Sopoty [sɔˈpɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wilczęta 22 km (14 mi) south of Braniewo and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 104.
 Kupon-e Sofla (Persian: كوپن سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kūpon-e Soflá; also known as Kūpān Kūpān Kūpen Soflá Kūpen Vostá Kūpon-e Pā’īn and Kupūn) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 48 families.
 Shir Morgh (Persian: شيرمرغ‎ also Romanized as Shīr Morgh) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 149 families.
 Bobrowniki [bɔbrɔvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kluczewsko 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Włoszczowa and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Thayettaw is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Mowtowr-e Abbas Khalqpur (Persian: موتورعباس خالق پور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAbbās Khālqpūr) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 8 families.
 Łętków [ˈwɛntkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Vácrátót is a village and commune in the comitatus of Pest in Hungary.
 Melbisauni is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2592 and had 501 houses in the village.
 Smolniki [smɔlˈniki] (German: Alt Eiche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Iława and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 160.
 Pawęzów [paˈvɛ̃zuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisia Góra within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lisia Góra 4 km (2 mi) north of Tarnów and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Samoš (Serbian Cyrillic: Самош) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Kovačica municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(89.73%) and its population numbering 1247 people (2002 census).
 Maveh (Persian: موه‎; also known as Ma’vā) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 4 families.
 Vinařice (Mladá Boleslav District) is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Marcinowo [mart͡ɕiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland bordering the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Gołdap and 127 km (79 mi) northeast of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Padamati Somaram is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Goganpani is a Village Development Committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3847 and had 686 houses in it.
 Pererita is a commune in Briceni district Moldova located on the border with Romania. It is composed of a single village Pererita.Most picturesque place is Zamca a reserve surrounded by Prut as omega [Ω]. Between the first and second World Wars the village was part of Hotin region.
 Kakuna is a village in Pöide Parish Saare County on the eastern part of Saaremaa Island Estonia.
 Bylahalli is a village situated in Hassan district in Karnataka. It is around 19 km or 12 miles from Hassan. The very old famous Lord Lakshmi Janardhana Swami temple is situated exactly in middle of the village.
 Bammigatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Wola Przerębska [ˈvɔla pʂɛˈrɛmpska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Radomsko and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Draganowa [draɡaˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorkówka within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Chorkówka 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Krosno and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 610.
 Leonów [lɛˈɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ruda Wołoska [ˈruda vɔˈwɔska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 111 km (69 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tuf Zari Chavil (Persian: طوف زري چويل‎ also Romanized as Ţūf Zarī Chavīl) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 13 families.
 Koonur is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Divran (Persian: ديوران‎ also Romanized as Dīvrān) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 25 families.
 Daw Mauritania is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Háje (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Leppneeme is a village in Viimsi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 14 km (9 mi) northeast of the centre of Tallinn on the northeastern coast of Viimsi peninsula by the Muuga Bay. As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 464.Leppneeme harbour is the main point for traffic to and from the island of Prangli. The corresponding harbour on Prangli's side is in Kelnase.Leppneeme was first mentioned in 1376 as Thusnes.
 Antoniów [anˈtɔɲuf] (German Antonia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Ozimek and 18 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1227.
 Jaugeliškiai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 67 people.
 Remniku is a village in Alajõe Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located on the northern shore of Lake Peipus. Remniku has a population of 59 (as of 2000).1990–1994 a border guard training centre was situated in Remniku.
 Kołonice [kɔwɔˈɲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Колоничі Kolonychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Baligród 24 km (15 mi) south of Lesko and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Lubieszewo Pierwsze [lubjɛˈʂɛvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Ebrahimabad-Dab Divaneh (Persian: ابراهيم اباداب ديوانه‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-Dāb Dīvāneh; also known as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ruk (Persian: روك‎ also Romanized as Rūk) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Mehrābād-e Bālā) is a village in Korbal Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 122 families.
 Maqsudabad (Persian: مقصوداباد‎ also Romanized as Maqşūdābād; also known as Maqşūdābād-e Bālā ‘Eşmatābād ‘Ismatābād and Maqşūdābād-e Bāla) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 903 in 210 families.
 Rogów [ˈrɔɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Repki 8 km (5 mi) east of Sokołów Podlaski and 95 km (59 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Stary Olsztyn [ˈstarɨ ˈɔlʂtɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Purda and 8 km (5 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Như Cố is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Mới District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Guriyat (Persian: گورئ يات‎ also Romanized as Gūr’īyāt) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Bubovice is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Pachil (Persian: پاچيل‎ also Romanized as Pāchīl) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Dali Padiguleh (Persian: دلي پاديگوله‎ also Romanized as Dalī Pādīgūleh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 20 families.
 Kohnab (Persian: كهناب‎ also Romanized as Kohnāb and Kahnāb; also known as Kohnāb-e Bālā) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 16 families.
 Keshik (Persian: كشيك‎ also Romanized as Keshīk) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Akçalı is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 164 people.
 Koszęcin [kɔˈʂɛnt͡ɕin] (German Koschentin) is a village in Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Koszęcin. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Lubliniec and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 4471.It was previously in Częstochowa Voivodeship (1975–1998).
 Lipniki Stare [lipˈniki ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Pułtusk and 54 km (34 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Ayyampatti (pop. 350) is a village in the Sattur Taluk of Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Sint Annaparochie is the principal and largest settlement within the municipality of Het Bildt in Friesland the Netherlands. It lies approximately 15 km northwest of Leeuwarden and has approximately four thousand inhabitants. The village is named after Saint Anne the mother of Mary.St. Annaparochie was founded in the 16th century. Though it is located in the province of Friesland the principal language spoken in the town is Bildts or Dutch not West Frisian.
 Chruśle [ˈxruɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Mahinathpur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2471 people living in 433 individual households.
 Karahallı Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 565 people.
 Uğurlubağ is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Bovdury (Ukrainian: Бовдури) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Mahala Višnjica is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Naghan District Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 50 families.
 Wielgolas [vjɛlˈɡɔlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Obryte 11 km (7 mi) east of Pułtusk and 55 km (34 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Khurasb (Persian: خوراسب‎ also Romanized as Khūrāsb; also known as Khorāsb) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 59 families.
 Ham Chan (Persian: هم چان‎ also Romanized as Ham Chān and Hamechān; also known as Hameh Chān) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Galugah County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 18 families.
 Tazehabad-e Bani Azizi (Persian: تازه ابادباني عزيزي‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Bānī ‘Azīzī; also known as Tāzehābād-e ‘Azīzī) is a village in Bazan Rural District in the Central District of Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 16 families.
 Tall Naqareh (Persian: تل نقاره‎ also Romanized as Tall Naqāreh) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Rashidabad (Persian: رشيداباد‎ also Romanized as Rashīdābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 537 in 161 families.
 Dhanora is a village in Jalgaon Jamod tehsil of Buldhana district of Maharashtra India. It is famous for its fair of Mahasiddha Maharaj.[citation needed] It is also known locally as Dhanora (Mahasiddha) to distinguish it from several other villages named Dhanora.Dhanora is situated 6 km north-west from Asalgaon on Maharashtra State Highway 194. It is connected to Asalgaon with metalled road.The yearly fair at Dhanora is one of the significant fairs in Buldhana district.
 Selimiye Döşemealtı is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Grębice [ɡrɛmˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Świerzno 16 km (10 mi) east of Kamień Pomorski and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pleš is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D508 highway.
 Haftavan (Persian: هفتوان‎ also Romanized as Haftavān Haftovan and Haftvān; also known as Hafteh Van) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District Mahmeleh District Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 78 families.
 Osuchów-Kolonia [ɔˈsuxuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 45 km (28 mi) south west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 20.
 Galičnik (Macedonian: Галичник) is a mountain village in the Republic of Macedonia and along with Lazaropole is one of the two biggest and oldest Mijak villages in the region. Galičnik has well preserved traditional architecture including an amphitheater in the village square and is famous for its surrounding countryside and nature reserve.
 Grabówki [ɡraˈbufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wieliczka and 12 km (7 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kala Kuli (Persian: كلاكولي‎ also Romanized as Kalā Kūlī) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Speia is a commune and village in the Anenii Noi district of Moldova.
 Vestnes (sometimes called Helland) is the administrative centre of Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the western shore of the Tresfjorden near where the fjord empties into the main Romsdalsfjorden. The village lies along the European route E39 highway.
 Şeyhoğlu is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Gąsawy [ɡɔ̃ˈsavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Szamotuły and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Parakatawella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Borowiec [bɔˈrɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Grünhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Drawno 24 km (15 mi) east of Choszczno and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Bahalkeh-ye Sheykh Musa (Persian: بهلكه شيخ موسي‎ also Romanized as Bahalkeh-ye Sheykh Mūsá) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1834 in 356 families.
 Bala Sang (Persian: بالاسنگ‎ also Romanized as Bālā Sang; also known as Balasa) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 8 families.
 Chauvin is a village in east central Alberta Canada. It is located 60 kilometres (37 mi) east of Wainwright and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of the Saskatchewan border. It is also the home of Susie the Softball the worlds largest softball.
 Douglas is a village in Otoe County Nebraska United States. The population was 173 at the 2010 census.
 Goręczyno [ɡɔrɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Somonino 8 km (5 mi) south of Kartuzy and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Here was born Ludwik Piernicki. For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1300.
 Kumbarganvi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Pahlavan Kal (Persian: پهلوان كل‎ also Romanized as Pahlavān Kal and Pahlwan Kal) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 551 in 144 families.
 Rašljeva is a village in the municipality of Gračanica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Desaguadero (Mendoza – San Luis) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Salehabad-e Sharqi (Persian: صا لح ا باد شر قي‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād-e Sharqī; also known as Shahrak-e Şāleḩābād-e Sharqī Shahrak-e Şāleḩābād Sālehābād and Şāleḩābād) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5753 in 1349 families.
 Aliabad-e Poshteh (Persian: علي ابادپشته‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Poshteh; also known as Jūy Poshteh and Poshteh) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 63 families.
 Arıklı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey at 36°59′N 35°05′E. It is situated in the Çukurova (Cilicia) plains. It is on the state highway D.400 east of Mersin Tarsus and Yenice. It is the easternmost village of the province. The distance to Tarsus is 19 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 46 kilometres (29 mi). The population of the village is 281 as of 2011.
 Santeswor Chhitapokhari is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2832 persons living in 495 individual households.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 8 families.
 Kalyanpur is a small village in Chandgad taluka and in tehsil Gadhinglaj subdivision of Kolhapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra. This is a village having a population of about 300. This place is 30 km from Chandgad but only 30 km from Belgaum City. People are heavily reliant on Belgaum and Gadhinglaj citiesfor their day to day needs.Belgaum is the nearest Railhead
 Semmangudi is a village in Kodavasal taluk Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu. It is the home of many carnatic singers. The popular carnatic singer Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer is from this town.
 Sikhuran (Persian: سيخوران‎ also Romanized as Sīkhūrān; also known as Sankharū) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 33 families.
 Guźnia [ˈɡuʑɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Łowicz and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 175.
 Hewawisse is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Liksajny [likˈsai̯nɨ] (German Nickleshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Miłomłyn 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Mymoń [ˈmɨmɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Besko within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Besko 20 km (12 mi) west of Sanok and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gatka [ˈɡatka] (German: Gadgen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Główczyce 37 km (23 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nazmabad (Persian: نظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Naz̧mābād; also known as Najmābād) is a village in Razmavaran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 15 families.
 Hajjileh (Persian: حاجيله‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīleh and Ḩājīleh; also known as Hajieh) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Masudabad (Persian: مسعوداباد‎ also Romanized as Mas‘ūdābād; also known as Maqsudabad (Persian: مَقصود آباد) also Romanized as Maqşūdābād) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 762 in 173 families.
 Powiercie-Kolonia [pɔˈvjɛrt͡ɕɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 440.
 Delush Bazar (Persian: دلوش بازار‎ also Romanized as Delūsh Bāzār) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Chotynin [xɔˈtɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Bolesławiec 10 km (6 mi) south of Wieruszów and 108 km (67 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 300.
 Aq Mahdi (Persian: اق مهدي‎ also Romanized as Āq Mahdī) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 31 families.
 Pipra Pokhariya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3538 people living in 699 individual households.
 Sapahar Posht (Persian: سپهرپشت‎) is a village in Layalestan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 79 families.
 Bektashabad (Persian: بكتاش اباد‎ also Romanized as Bektāshābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 47 families.
 Hamzallı Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 929 people.
 Nowe Gorzycko [ˈnɔvɛ ɡɔˈʐɨt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Pszczew 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Międzyrzecz 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 71 km (44 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Bozgah (Persian: بزگاه‎ also Romanized as Bozgāh and Buzga) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Huwniki [xuvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Fredropol 16 km (10 mi) south of Przemyśl and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Qaleh-ye Teyn (Persian: قلعه تين‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Teyn; also known as Qalateyn) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 40 families.
 Hanivaz (Persian: هاني وز‎ also Romanized as Hānīvaz) is a village in Sirvan Rural District Nowsud District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gonbadan (Persian: گنبدان‎ also Romanized as Gonbadān) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 8 families.
 Gargiu (Persian: گرگيو‎ also Romanized as Gargīū) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 47 families.
 Jaketići (Cyrillic: Јакетићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Podosje is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Eslemez is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Olszanka [ɔlˈʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopiennik Górny within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ciwoniuki [t͡ɕivɔˈɲuki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Michałowo and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qarah Qach (Persian: قره قاچ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qāch; also known as Qareh Āqāj) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 398 in 105 families.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Przasnysz and 93 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kotka is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It lies on the Valgejõgi River about 3.5 km (2 mi) south of the town of Loksa.
 Çitdibi is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Rostamabad Jamshidi (Persian: رستم آباد جمشيدي‎ also Romanized as Rostābād Jamshīdī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Rataje is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 620 people.
 Kraszowice [kraʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Bolesławiec and 107 km (66 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 270.
 Rokitowiec [rɔkiˈtɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Burzenin 21 km (13 mi) south of Sieradz and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Miszkieniki Małe [miʂkʲɛˈniki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Kur is a panchayat village in Rajasthan in western India. Administratively it is under Bhopalgarh Taluka Jodhpur District of the state of Rajasthan.There are three villages in the Kood gram panchayat: Kur Hinganiya (Hingania) and Khokhariya (Khokharia).
 Wola Skarbkowa [ˈvɔla skarpˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Gravois Mills is a village in Morgan County Missouri United States. The population was 144 at the 2010 census.
 Jonkowo [jɔnˈkɔvɔ] (German Jonkendorf) is a village in Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jonkowo. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 1500.
 Hrasno (Busovača) is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kluczkowo [klut͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Klützkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Świdwin and 93 km (58 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 214.
 Deh-e Khalifeh (Persian: ده خليفه‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Khalīfeh; also known as Khalīfeh) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 36 families.
 Goławice Pierwsze [ɡɔwaˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bersun (Persian: برسون‎ also Romanized as Bersūn) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 12 families.
 Burayman is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Abrash (Persian: ابرش‎; also known as Abrashk (Persian: ابرشك) Āvāreshk and Qal‘eh Amrish) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 499 in 139 families.
 Tah Tar (Persian: ته تر‎) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yengabad-e Kuh (Persian: ينگ ابادكوه‎ also Romanized as Yengābād-e Kūh; also known as Nīgābād-e Kūh) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 54 families.
 Hanover is a village in Licking County Ohio United States. The population was 921 at the 2010 census. The village lies along SR 16.
 Wola Ducka [ˈvɔla ˈdut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Wiązowna 8 km (5 mi) east of Otwock and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Amaradakki 	(Tamil: அமரடக்கி) is a village in the Avudaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Goździe [ˈɡɔʑd͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Opinogóra Górna 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 83 km (52 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Caginec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Romeyleh-ye Sofla (Persian: رميله سفلي‎ also Romanized as Romeyleh-ye Soflá; also known as Romeyleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Azadeh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 21 families.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnobród within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Krasnobród 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Zamość and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kajetanów [kajɛˈtanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Puławy and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ağzıbüyük is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Duraczów [duˈrat͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Łagów and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 99.
 Galesh Kola (Persian: گالش كلا‎ also Romanized as Gālesh Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 118 families.
 Mowtowr-e Alizadeh (Persian: موتورعليزاده‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlīzādeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 51 families.
 Ammameh-e Pain (Persian: امامه پايين‎ also Romanized as Ammāmeh-e Pā’īn and ‘Amāmeh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Ammāmeh-ye Deh-e Pā’īn Ammāmeh and Umam-i-Paīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 22 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Mahmūd Abad Arzoo’eyeh) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 585 in 139 families.
 Pirnaq (Persian: پيرنق‎ also Romanized as Pīrnaq) is a village in Dursun Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 52 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 76 families.
 Stari Trstenik is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 733 people.
 Abriq (Persian: ابريق‎ also Romanized as Abrīq) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 74 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 35 households used Ebriq as their winter quarters.
 Ligota Mała [liˈɡɔta ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polska Cerekiew within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Polska Cerekiew 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 184.
 Zvole (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقرآباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād) is a village in Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 24 families.
 Sanikili is village located in Regidi Amadalavalasa mandal in Srikakulam district Andhra Pradesh India. Parrys Sugar Industries Limited Sugar's sugar factory cogen and distillery and bio mass thermal power station are located at village Sankili.
 Khaya Mara is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6346 people living in 1163 individual households.
 Bystra [ˈbɨstra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziechowy-Wieprz within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wieprz 8 km (5 mi) south of Żywiec and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 946.
 Chaharsu Poshteh (Persian: چهارسوپشته‎ also Romanized as Chahārsū Poshteh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 22 families.
 Subaşı Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tahmasebabad (Persian: طهماسب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ţahmāsebābād) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Ali-ye Qurchi (Persian: علي قورچي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī-ye Qūrchī ‘Alī Qowrchī and ‘Alī Qūrchī) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 337 in 76 families.
 Not to be confused with Chuchelná Moravian-Silesian Region. Chuchelna is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Yenidere is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Kohleh-ye Hammam (Persian: كهله حمام‎ also Romanized as Kohleh-ye Ḩammām; also known as Koleh-ye Ḩammām) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 11 families.
 Garandy is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Nadjezierze [nadjɛˈʑɛʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Chojniki [xɔi̯ˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 115.
 Łubnice-Krusze [wubˈnit͡sɛ ˈkruʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 1000.
 Qatar Boneh (Persian: قطاربنه‎ also Romanized as Qaṭār Boneh) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuşçukuru is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 176 people.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 64 families.
 Brzeźno [ˈbʐɛʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Vandanmedu is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.Vandanmedu is the largest producer of cardamom in the world.[citation needed]
 Chah Mutur Ali Ebn Abi Talib (Persian: چاه موتورعلي بن ابيطالب‎ also Romanized as Chāh Mūtūr ʿAlī Ebn Ābī Tālib) is a village in Darband Rural District Jolgeh Sankhvast District Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Nazarabad (Persian: مزرعه نظراباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Naẓarābād) is a village in Tankaman Rural District Tankaman District Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Komorowo [kɔmɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 90 km (56 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 2000.
 Evren is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is at 36°35′N 33°17′E on the road connecting Mut to Ermenek. The distance to Mut is 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 190 kilometres (120 mi). As of 2011 it had a population of 565 people.
 Lat-e Parshu (Persian: لات پرشو‎ also Romanized as Lāt-e Parshū; also known as Lāt-e Parūsheh) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Los Frentones is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Stratford is a village in Marathon County Wisconsin United States. It is part of the Wausau Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1578 at the 2010 census.
 Kalateh-ye Hoseyn Mohammad Qasem (Persian: كلاته حسين محمدقاسم‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩoseyn Moḩammad Qāsem; also known as Kalāteh-ye Rostam) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Shirur (Belgaum) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Krusza [ˈkruʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of Kolno and 102 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 367.
 Medanitos (Santa María) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Omm ol Qasab-e Musa (Persian: ام القصب موسي‎ also Romanized as Omm ol Qaşab-e Mūsá; also known as Ebrāhīm Mūsá (Persian: ابراهيم موسي) Omm ol Qasab (Persian: ام القصب) and Raddeh-ye Ebrāhīm Mūsá) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District Minu District Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Las Aguadas is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Dagampitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 28 families.
 Kleszczyna [klɛʂˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 480.
 Leśniewo-Niedźwiedź [lɛɕˈɲɛvɔ ˈɲɛd͡ʑvjɛt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād and Nasīr Ābād; also known as Naşrābād and Naşrābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 49 families.
 Muchu is a Village development committee in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 917 persons living in 164 individual households.
 Sławkowo [swafˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sypniewo 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 88 km (55 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Mowtowr-e Heydar (Persian: موتورحيدر‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩeydar) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 17 families.
 Rogavčina (Serbian: Рогавчина) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 214 people.
 Lgota Gawronna [ˈlɡɔta ɡaˈvrɔnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Lelów 36 km (22 mi) south-east of Częstochowa and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 135.
 Khaneh Hay Chahar Shanbeh (Persian: خانه هاي چهارشنبه‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Hāy-e Chahār Shanbeh) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 79 families.
 Sycowa Huta [sɨˈt͡sɔva ˈxuta] (Kashubian: Zëcowô Hëta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 62.
 Trbušnica is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1061 people.
 Eqbalabad (Persian: اقبال اباد‎ also Romanized as Eqbālābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 41 families.
 Kurudere is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 130 people.
 Ontika is a village in Kohtla Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Wujang is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It is located in Rutog County in the Ngari Prefecture in western Tibet.It lies at an altitude of 5272 metres (17299 feet). The village has a population of about 13 people.It lies approximately 15.4 miles (24.8 km) east of Rutog.
 Veiloor is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Zadąbrów-Wiatraki [zaˈdɔmbruf vjaˈtraki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Doqondar (Persian: دغندر‎ also Romanized as Doqandar and Do Qondor; also known as Doghondar Dowjāndār Dūgandar and Dūghandar) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 53 families.
 Parvadeh (Persian: پرواده‎ also Romanized as Parvādeh and Porvādeh; also known as Parvāreh and Pūrvādeh) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Probostwo Górne [prɔˈbɔstfɔ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Qamiyeh (Persian: قائميه‎ also Romanized as Qā’mīyeh; also known as Shāhābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 60 families.
 Chokkanathapuram is a village with 30 houses in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala in India.
 Sedyankovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Abtaa (Arabic: أبطع‎ also spelled Ibta' or Obtei'a) is a town in southern Syria administratively part of the Daraa District in the Daraa Governorate. Nearby localities include Da'el to the south Khirbet Ghazaleh to the southeast Namer to the east Qarfa to the northeast and al-Shaykh Maskin to the north. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Abtaa had a population of 14283. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
 Powodów Trzeci [pɔˈvɔduf ˈtʂɛt͡ɕi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wartkowice 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Push Kashan (Persian: پوش كشان‎ also Romanized as Pūsh Kashān Pesh Kashun Pīshkashān and Pīshkoshūn) is a village in Silakhor Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 91 families.
 Kones Ku (Persian: كنسكو‎ also Romanized as Kones Kū; also known as Konūs Kūh) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 71 families.
 Terziköy is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Morgi [ˈmɔrɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Stoczek [ˈstɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Niemce and 15 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mdjoyezi is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 720.
 Shad-e Molk Barreh (Persian: شادملك بره‎ also Romanized as Shād-e Molk Barreh; also known as Shāh-e Molk Barreh and Shāh Molkbar) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shurcheh (Persian: شورچه‎ also Romanized as Shūrcheh) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 823 in 196 families.
 Niewolno [ɲeˈvɔlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Trzemeszno 16 km (10 mi) east of Gniezno and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Košutica (Serbian: Кошутица) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Łubianka [wuˈbjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Janów 19 km (12 mi) west of Sokółka and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Charazeh (Persian: چرزه‎) is a village in Gilvan Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 12 families.
 Nowy Komunin [ˈnɔvɨ kɔˈmunin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Venciūnai is a village in Alytus district municipality in Alytus County in south Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 588 people.
 The small village of Pieterburen is situated in the northern part of the province of Groningen in the Netherlands. Pieterburen is part of the municipality of De Marne.Pieterburen is situated on the ‘Hogeland’ (high land) of Groningen.
 Adwadgi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Adwadgi is under Sugooru gram panchayat Shorapur Taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka. The village of Adwadgi is 3 km by road northeast of the village of Sugur and 7.5 km by road south of the village of Hemnoor. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.
 Deh-e Pahlavan (Persian: ده پهلوان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Pahlavān; also known as Pahlavān) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 79 families.
 Angurabad (Persian: انگور آباد‎ also Romanized as Āngūrābād) is a village in Kahir Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 139 families.
 Chah-e Baneh (Persian: چاه بنه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Baneh) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Baghmian (Persian: باغ ميان‎ also Romanized as Bāghmīān) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 37 families.
 Górna Grupa [ˈɡurna ˈɡrupa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Dragacz 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Świecie and 51 km (32 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 580.
 Barcie [ˈbart͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Dubeninki 19 km (12 mi) east of Gołdap and 148 km (92 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lalli is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Kurzętnik [kuˈʐɛntnik] is a village in Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kurzętnik. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 3065.
 Deh Iji (Persian: ده یجی‎ also Romanized as Deh Ījī; also known as Da‘chī Da echī Da‘ījī Deh Eījī Deh Ichi and Dehjī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 54 families.
 Balahi (Persian: بله اي‎ also Romanized as Balahī; also known as Bala‘ī Bal’ī and Bele’ī) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District Bayangan District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Örnekköy (also called Tepetarla) is a village in Beykoz district of İstanbul Province Turkey. It is situated forests of the Anatolian (Asian) portion of İstanbul at 41°09′N 29°09′E. It is about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Beykoz. The population of Örnekköy is 3455 as of 2011.
 Kakamari is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Aghuz Koti (Persian: اغوزكتي‎ also Romanized as Āghūz Kotī and Āghūzkatī; also known as Āghūzkī-ye Bālā) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 8 families.
 Thookkanampakkam (Tamil: தூக்கணாம்பாக்கம்) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district state of Tamil Nadu India.
 Mavanda (Persian: ماوندا‎ also Romanized as Māvāndā) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Roudno (German: Rautenberg) is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the shore of Slezská Harta Dam.
 Mchowice [mxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Piątek 14 km (9 mi) east of Łęczyca and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Szwałk [ʂfau̯k] (German: Schwalg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Kowale Oleckie 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Olecko and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 130.
 Nadbory [nadˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Jedwabne 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Łomża and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Germili is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Bazarsar-e Lafmejan (Persian: بازارسرلفمجان‎ also Romanized as Bāzārsar-e Lafmejān) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 382 in 130 families.
 Pogorzałki Wielkie [pɔɡɔˈʐau̯ki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Koźmin Wielkopolski 20 km (12 mi) north of Krotoszyn and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cwaliny [t͡sfaˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Stawiski 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Kolno and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 36.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kiernozia 17 km (11 mi) north of Łowicz and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gilów [ˈɡiluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Semani-ye Sofla (Persian: سمني سفلي‎ also Romanized as Semanī-ye Soflá; also known as Semanī-ye Paeen) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 22 families.
 Mowtowr-e Hasanabad Hamidiyeh Javanan (Persian: موتورحسن ابادحميديه جوانان‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasanābād Ḩamīdīyeh Javānān) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Ujazdowo [ujazˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mirissala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vastan (Persian: واستان‎ also Romanized as Vāstān) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 39 families.
 Nezamabad (Persian: نظام اباد‎ also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād) is a village in Deh Abbas Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1116 in 295 families.
 Dobiejewo [dɔbjɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Linnuse Muhu Parish is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Bani Pariab (Persian: باني پارياب‎ also Romanized as Bānī Pārīāb; also known as Bānī Pārīā) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 37 families.
 Ikolaha is a village located near Khanna in Ludhiana district of Punjab in India.The village Dholewal is approximately 15km from Ikolaha.
 Janówek [jaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Babsk [bapsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Biała Rawska 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 690. It was probably founded in the 14th century.
 Drežnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Дрежник) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 761.
 Shirazeh (Persian: شيرازه‎ also Romanized as Shīrāzeh) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 57 families.
 Gornja Bodežišta (Serbian: Горња Бодежишта) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sonmati Majhaura is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5279 people living in 553 individual households.
 Siah Siah (Persian: سياه سياه‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Sīāh) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Barmanj (Persian: برمنج‎ also Romanized as Barmenj Barminjand Bārmūnj) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 14 families.
 Rosochy [rɔˈsɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Stupsk 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Mława and 92 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 553 in 152 families.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين آباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 37 families.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 37 families.
 Alvach (Persian: الواچ‎ also Romanized as Alvāch; also known as Alvāj) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5320 in 1075 families.
 Aşağıkaraman is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Salmian (Persian: سلميان‎ also Romanized as Salmīān; also known as Soleymānābād) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 36 families.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Turawa and 8 km (5 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ab Kaseh (Persian: ابكاسه‎ also Romanized as Āb Kāseh and Āb Kāsseh) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 21 families.
 Żółkiewka [ʐuu̯ˈkʲɛfka] is a village in Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Żółkiewka. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Krasnystaw and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 790.
 Wielki Wełcz [ˈvjɛlki ˈvɛu̯t͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Grudziądz and 65 km (40 mi) north of Toruń.
 Tabaqdeh (Persian: طبق ده‎ also Romanized as Ţabaqdeh) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District Gahrbaran District Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2197 in 625 families.
 Shanbeh Bar Gah (Persian: شنبه بر گاه‎ also Romanized as Shanbeh Bar Gāh) is a village in Ashar Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Halali (Persian: هلالي‎ also Romanized as Halālī) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 61 families.
 Gangara Niger is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Abbasabad-e Faramishan (Persian: عباس ابادفراميشان‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Farāmīshān; also known as ‘Abbāsābād-e Farāmūshān ‘Abbāsābād-e ‘Amīdī and Farāmīshān) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2933 in 703 families.
 Ostrówiec [ɔsˈtruvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczew within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Karczew 9 km (6 mi) south of Otwock and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Bąków Górny [ˈbɔŋkuf ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zduny 15 km (9 mi) west of Łowicz and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lalakah Mahalleh (Persian: للكه محله‎ also Romanized as Lalakah Maḩalleh; also known as Lalakah Maḩalleh-ye Chūbar) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2713 in 615 families.
 Stary Sokołów [ˈstarɨ sɔˈkɔwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Końskie and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 350.
 Pashmuki (Persian: پشموكي‎ also Romanized as Pashmūkī) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Danowo [daˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Rajgród 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Grajewo and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kaniyeh Sar (Persian: كانيه سر‎ also Romanized as Kānīyeh Sar and Kānīyyeh Sar) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 86 families.
 About this sound Nýdek (Polish: Nydek  German: Niedek) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 1952 (2001 census) 26.6% of the population are the Poles.It lies on the slopes of the Silesian Beskids mountain range in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia. Hluchová River flows through the village.The village was first mentioned in a written document in 1430 as Nidek.
 Chah Paliz (Persian: چاه پاليز‎ also Romanized as Chāh Pālīz; also known as Chāh Bolū Chāh Fālīz Chāh Pali and Chāh Polī) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stara Łupianka [ˈstara wuˈpjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 406.
 Garbówek [ɡarˈbuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Tuszyn and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Suvo Selo is a village in the municipality of Vladimirci Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 404 people.
 Nowdeh-e Kohneh (Persian: نوده كهنه‎) is a village in Shuy Rural District in the Central District of Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chazhoor (Chazhur CITY) (Malayalam : ചാഴൂര്‍) is a Metropolitan City and popularly known as Chazhur CITY in Thrissur Taluk of Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Bielany [bjɛˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Ciepielów 17 km (11 mi) west of Lipsko and 117 km (73 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ostrowy Tuszowskie [ɔsˈtrɔvɨ tuˈʂɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cmolas within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Cmolas 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Kolbuszowa and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 930.
 Olszowiec [ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Sławno 13 km (8 mi) west of Opoczno and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Baharabad (Persian: بهاراباد‎ also Romanized as Bahārābād) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ribdung Maheswori is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2039 persons living in 494 individual households.
 Jakubów [jaˈkubuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepłowody within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Ciepłowody 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 49 kilometres (30 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Loznitsa Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Huta Wałowska [ˈxuta vaˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 108.
 Kariz-e Now (Persian: كاريزنو‎ also Romanized as Kārīz-e Now) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 25 families.
 Maciejowice [mat͡ɕejɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Hemmatabad (Persian: همت اباد‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 27 families.
 Zard Kuhi (Persian: زردكوهي‎ also Romanized as Zard Kūhī; also known as Zard Kūh) is a village in Bashtin Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 46 families.
 Bykowice [bɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Qaleh Sard-e Bala (Persian: قلعه سردبالا‎ also Romanized as Qalʿeh Sard-e Bālā; also known as Qalehsard-e Bālā) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 22 families.
 Lingampally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Manchal mandal.
 Gornja Otulja is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 13 people.
 Dobrouščići (Serbian: Доброучићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Chilamkur is an industrial center located on one of the tributaries of the river Penna in Yerraguntla mandal Kadapa District Andhra Pradesh India. The Nearest railway station exists in the town of Yerraguntla which is about 9 km away. Rayalaseema Thermal Power Project is one of the major industries which is close to Chilamkur.
 Parchuk (Persian: پرچوك‎ also Romanized as Parchūḵ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kalhor (Persian: كلهر‎; also known as Kalfīr and Kalhūr) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 44 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Shirvani va Shorka (Persian: مزرعه شيرواني وشركا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shīrvānī va Shorkā) is a village in Kamin Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Sangar (Persian: سنگر‎) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 60 families.
 Stary Bartków [ˈstarɨ ˈbartkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Korczew 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 106 km (66 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Bu Quwah (Arabic: بو قوة  sometimes transliterated as Buquwa or Abu Quwah) is a small village situated in north-central Bahrain.
 Donje Rataje (Serbian: Доње Ратаје) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 930 people.
 Dard Kashet (Persian: دارد كاشت‎ also Romanized as Dārd Kāshet) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1111 in 285 families.
 Mistatim is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan located just to the north of Sk Hwy 3. Mistatim is 35 miles (56 km) east of the town of Tisdale and 40 miles (64 km) west of Hudson Bay. The Greenwater Lake Provincial Park is 30 miles (48 km) to the south. The village has its own village civic government within the rural municipal government of R.M. of Bjorkdale # 426 The Mistatim post office first opened in 1907 and closed down in 1914 to re-open in 1917.
 Kalyeh Ney-ye Olya (Persian: كله ني عليا‎ also Romanized as Kalyeh Ney-ye ‘Olyā and Kalīneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Thanh Tân is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District Bến Tre Province Vietnam. The commune covers 20.24 km² with a population of 11051 (as of 1999) the population density of 546 inhabitants/km².
 Hajjiabad-e Naseri (Persian: حاجي اباد ناصري‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Nāşerī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szczereż [ˈʂt͡ʂɛrɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łącko 15 km (9 mi) west of Nowy Sącz and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kinigama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Agnam Civol (also Anyam Siwol or Civol is a small town in the north-east of Senegal about 70 km north-west from Matam. It is in the historical region of Fouta-Toro in the department and region of Matam. The town is located on Highway N2 some 300 km east of Saint Louis. It is some 5 km south of the border with Mauretania which generally follows the course of the Senegal River.
 Srebrna [ˈsrɛbrna] (German: Klein Königshuld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Zambrów and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 700.
 Dhirkamandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1754 living in 355 individual households.
 Mowtowr-e Hasan Shagha ol Dini Masha-ye Kheyrabad (Persian: موتورحسن شجاع الديني مشاع خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasan Shaghāʿ ol Dīnī Mashāʿ-ye Kheyrābād) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Gavchah (Persian: گاوچاه‎ also Romanized as Gāvchāh; also known as Gāvchāh-e Bālā) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 37 families.
 Zeq (Persian: ذق‎ also Romanized as Z̄eq; also known as Z̄eqq Zālyāb) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 404 in 75 families.
 Rudzir (Persian: رودزير‎ also Romanized as Rūdzīr) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1126 in 210 families.
 Łąkie [ˈwɔnkʲɛ] (German: Lanken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Skąpe 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Świebodzin 26 km (16 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 65 km (40 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 149.
 Baghcheh (Persian: باغ چه‎ also Romanized as Bāghcheh) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 40 families.
 Kordabad (Persian: كرداباد‎ also Romanized as Kordābād Kard Ābād and Kerdābād) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 28 families.
 Radudaj (Persian: رادودج‎ also Romanized as Rādūdaj) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 113 families.
 Wodzin Majoracki [ˈvɔd͡ʑin majɔˈrat͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Sar Murd (Persian: سرمورد‎ also Romanized as Sar Mūrd; also known as Mūrd) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 272 in 52 families.
 Božetići is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 392 people.
 Gazdar (Persian: گزدر‎; also known as Gozar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 38 families.
 Siemonia [ɕeˈmɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Będzin and 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 937.
 Czekaj [ˈt͡ʂɛkai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Jasielski within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Osiek Jasielski 15 km (9 mi) south of Jasło and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Przesławice [pʂɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Miechów and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 Dulanqir (Persian: دولانقير‎ also Romanized as Dūlānqīr; also known as Dūlāngī) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 27 families.
 Nieciecz [ˈɲet͡ɕet͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilga within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wilga 21 km (13 mi) west of Garwolin and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Tachel Ali Shir (Persian: تاچل علي شير‎ also Romanized as Tāchel ʿAlī Shīr) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 30 families.
 Balandız (Gümüşlü) is a village in the Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. It is 22 kilometres (14 mi) from Silifke and 105 kilometres (65 mi) from Mersin. The population of Balandız is 175 as of 2011. Balandız is an agricultural viilage. But during summers it is also a yayla (resort). Now an unused building is under renovation to be put into service as a village museum and a library.
 Hasköy is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Qaleh-ye Zu (Persian: قلعه زو‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Zū) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 20 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Shamshir Solajqeh (Persian: تلمبه عشايري شمشيرسلاجقه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Shamshīr Solājqeh) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 14 families.
 Famous Temple = Thatamma talli ( Famaous Street Thatamma Gudi Veedhi.P. Ganna-varam is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Izgrev is a village in Tsarevo Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Rudehen District Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 15 families.
 Zarchestan (Persian: زارچستان‎ also Romanized as Zārchestān) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 15 families.
 Dylaki [dɨˈlaki] (German Dylocken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Ozimek and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Andrzejewo 16 km (10 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 210.
 Krupa na Vrbasu (Cyrillic: Крупа на Врбасу) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Naborów [naˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeg Dolny within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Hunish (Persian: هونيش‎ also Romanized as Hūnīsh; also known as Hūnīyasht) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Borzymówka [bɔʐɨˈmufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bondami (Persian: بندمي‎ also Romanized as Bondamī) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Morzewiec [mɔˈʐɛvjɛt͡s] (German: Marthashausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Koronowo and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 130.
 Kum (Persian: كوم‎ also Romanized as Kūm) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 64 families.
 Kalenderovci Donji (Serbian: Календеровци Доњи) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Podrzewie [pɔˈdʐɛvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Duszniki 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań. Buraki z Łąkowej.
 Güzelbeyli is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 355 people.
 Nitaf Arabic: نطاف‎ Natâf was a small Palestinian Arab village in the Jerusalem Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 15 1948 during the second stage of Operation Dani. Located 17 km west of Jerusalem the village was built on an archaeological site which was surrounded by a number of khirbas.In 1945 it had a population of 40 people. Nitaf had a maqam for local sage known as al-Shaykh Mas'ud.
 Ojapere is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Petrikeresztúr is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Czerlejewo [t͡ʂɛrlɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Wschowa and 63 km (39 mi) east of Zielona Góra. It has a population of approximately 30.
 Suzan-e Olya (Persian: سوزن عليا‎ also Romanized as Sūzan-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sūzan) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 13 families.
 İslamköy is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Dobroszów Oleśnicki [dɔˈbrɔʂuf ɔlɛɕˈnit͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Długołęka and 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Quyujaq (Persian: قويوجاق‎ also Romanized as Qūyūjāq; also known as Ghooijagh Gūyjākh Kuījakh Kuydzha Qayūjākh Qūījāq and Qūyjāq) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Bid Geruiyeh (Persian: بيدگروييه‎ also Romanized as Bīd Gerū’īyeh and Bīd-e Gerū’īyeh; also known as Bīd Gorū and Bīd Gūrū) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dasht-e Sajadiyeh (Persian: دشت سجاديه‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Sajādīyeh) is a village in Garmsir Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Sadat (Persian: مزرعه سادات‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sādāt) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 34 families.
 Żeliszew Podkościelny [ʐɛˈliʂɛf pɔtkɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 200.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād Yūsofābād and Yoosof Abad; also known as Vīskeh Āqā Yūsof and Yusufabad) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District Khoshk-e Bijar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 90 families.
 Kamienna Góra-Gajówka [kaˈmjɛnna ˈɡura ɡaˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Križpolje is a village in the Lika-Senj County Croatia. The settlement is administered as a part of Brinje municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the settlement is 655.
 Brusnik (Macedonian: Брусник) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia. According to the 2002 census total population is 241.
 Godynice [ɡɔdɨˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Brąszewice 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Charokhchi Mahalleh (Persian: چرخچي محله‎ also Romanized as Charokhchī Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 32 families.
 Band Aman (Persian: بندامان‎ also Romanized as Band Amān; also known as Band Āmūn and Bandāmūn) is a village in Fazl Rural District Zarrin Dasht District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 55 families.
 Gurki (Persian: گوركي‎ also Romanized as Gūrkī) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fagamalo is a village situated on the central north coast of Savai'i in Samoa. It is a sub-village or pito nu'u of the larger traditional village enclave of Matautu in the political district of Gaga'emauga.Fagamalo is by the sea at the northernmost point of Savai'i. There is a small post office and next door to it is a police station which services the local district. The Tutaga Primary School is at the east end of the village near where a hospital was situated.
 Qeshlaq-e Seyyedlar Dadalu Yidallah (Persian: قشلاق سيدلردادلويداله‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Seyyedlar Dādalū Yīdāllah) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Facesh is a village in the municipality of Shëngjergj in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Donji Stupanj (Serbian: Доњи Ступањ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1068 people.
 Zarangush (Persian: زرانگوش‎ also Romanized as Zarāngūsh and Zarangūsh) is a village in Hendmini Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1605 in 307 families.
 Krępa [ˈkrɛmpa] (German Crampe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Bobolice 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 136 km (85 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 230.
 Arjewa is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.
 Golyama Dolina is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Enaj (Persian: اناج‎ also Romanized as Enāj and Anāj; also known as Shahrak-e Shahīd Rejā’ī) is a village in Enaj Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1464 in 400 families.
 Kołbaskowo [kɔu̯basˈkɔvɔ] (German: Kolbitzow) is a village in Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kołbaskowo. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south of Police and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of the regional capital Szczecin.
 Bishunpur is a village and post in Shahganj Jaunpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh India. Bishunpur is donated land by Hindu landlord to Nivaji Baba (means who honoured with the name of Baba) who still worshiped by people of village and was inhabited by the Brahmins from Gorakhpur origin(routed from Mount Kailash). This is known as the holy village in respect of perfection in Brahmanism in modern time period too.
 Katukan (Persian: كتوكان‎ also Romanized as Katūkān and Katookan) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 455 in 90 families.
 Mazar (Persian: مزارع‎ also Romanized as Mazārʿ; also known as Mazrā‘ Mazrā‘-e Darreh Shūr Mazra‘eh and Mirza) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Mokhvor (Persian: مخور‎; also known as Mūkhowr and Mūkhvor) is a village in Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District Gol Tappeh District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 50 families.
 Veligandla is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Veligandla is of spirutval palce headed by Sri Kasinayana Ashram with historical monuments in and around the hill near the town.
 Derby Center is a village in the town of Derby Orleans County Vermont United States. The population was 670 at the 2000 census.
 Kahriz-e Olya (Persian: كهريزعليا‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 57 families.
 Murawskie Nadbużne [muˈrafskʲɛ nadˈbuʐnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Nur 37 km (23 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 160.
 Shahr-e Elahi (Persian: شهر الهي‎ also Romanized as Shahr-e Elāhī) is a village in Karian Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gąsiorów [ɡɔ̃ˈɕɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościelec within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kościelec 7 km (4 mi) west of Koło and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Balkonda is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Świecinki [ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕiŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Łanięta 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Kutno and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Kocewia Duża [kɔˈt͡sɛvja ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sabzabad (Persian: سبزاباد‎ also Romanized as Sabzābād) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 54 families.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] (German: Derweiler) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Chodecz 23 km (14 mi) south of Włocławek and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Wólka Bodzechowska [ˈvulka bɔd͡zɛˈxɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 420.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Chaf Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 25 families.
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Stopnica 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Khvodkavand (Persian: خودكاوند‎ also Romanized as Khvodkāvand) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 121 families.
 Poshteh Rizeh-ye Sofla (Persian: پشته ريزه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Poshteh Rīzeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 19 families.
 Tellabally is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Ovacık is a village in the District of Samsat Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Jan Mohammad Zahedan (Persian: جان محمد‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Charzewo [xaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 500.
 Warszyn [ˈvarʂɨn] (formerly German Warsin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 300.
 Lamzer (Persian: لمزر‎; also known as Lamarz) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 20 families.
 Pęchów [ˈpɛ̃xuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Klimontów 22 km (14 mi) west of Sandomierz and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 450.
 Władysławów [vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Adamów 29 km (18 mi) south of Łuków and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 180.
 Hajatan (Persian: حاجتان‎ also Romanized as Ḩājatān; also known as Ḩājat) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 31 families.
 Resnik is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 301. The village is connected by the D38 state road.
 Leirvikbogen (or simply Bogen) is a village in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of the municipal centre of Leinesfjorden. The Engeløy Bridges connect Bogen to the island of Engeløya to the north. Bogen and its surrounding villages have a total of about 214 residents (2001). Bogen Chapel is located in the village.
 Wola Zadybska [ˈvɔla zaˈdɨpska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Ryki and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 340.
 Jaleh (Persian: جله‎) is a village in Dorud Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Mahforuz Mahalleh-ye Sofla (Persian: ماهفروزمحله سفلي‎ also Romanized as Māhforūz Maḩalleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 939 in 242 families.
 Kopna Góra [ˈkɔpna ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Supraśl and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tappeh Azimeh (Persian: تپه عظيمه‎ also Romanized as Tappeh ‘Az̧īmeh and Tappeh-ye ‘Az̧īmeh) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 33 families.
 Garlino [ɡarˈlinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Szydłowo 14 km (9 mi) east of Mława and 103 km (64 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Sæbø is a village in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the Hjørundfjorden in the Bondalen valley. It is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the mountain Skårasalen.
 Karaman Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Cerro Azul (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Shaftalustan (Persian: شفتالوستان‎ also Romanized as Shaftālūstān and Shaftālestān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Shaftālestān) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Margh Malek (Persian: مرغملك‎ also Romanized as Margh-e Malek; also known as Margheh Malek Margh-ī-Malīk and Morq Malek) is a village in Margh Malek Rural District Laran District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2236 in 564 families.
 Soknedal is a village and former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the western part of the present-day municipality of Midtre Gauldal. The administrative center of the municipality was the village of Soknedal where the Soknedal Church is located.
 Chałupki [xaˈwupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Szczekociny 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Kazubek [kaˈzubɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Alanallur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Together with Alanallur-I and Alanallur-III it comes under the administration of the Alanallur gram panchayat.
 Jighi (Persian: جيغي‎ also Romanized as Jīghī; also known as Jaghi and Jīqī) is a village in Sardaran Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 505 in 122 families.
 Vastar (Persian: وسطر‎) is a village in Ferdows Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 17 families.
 Kakani is a settlement in the Nuwakot District of the Bagmati Zone in central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the Kakani village development committee administered a population of 7816 living in 1343 individual households.As one of the most accessible settlements from Kathmandu over 2000 meters this hill station hosts a British Gurkhas welfare bungalow (photo at left) and a number of hotels.
 Aq Bolagh-e Meydan (Persian: اق بلاغ ميدان‎ also Romanized as Āq Bolāgh-e Meydān and Āqbolāgh Meydān) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 11 families.
 Jahanabad (Persian: جهان اباد‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 14 families.
 Samafat (Persian: سمافات‎ also Romanized as Samāfāt and Semāfāt) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 26 families.
 Ćmiszew-Parcel [ˈt͡ɕmiʂɛf ˈpart͡sɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sochaczew and 58 km (36 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Navia (San Luis) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Seona is a village in the municipality of Banovići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bukhameh-ye Sofla (Persian: بوخامه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Būkhāmeh-ye Soflá; also known as Būkhāmeh Būkhāmeh-ye Pā’īn Dūbyān Safhaw Vakhāmeh Valkhāmah-e Soflá Valkhāmeh-ye Pā’īn Vikhāma and Volkhāmeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 74 families.
 Syamgha is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5532 people living in 1070 individual households.
 Turtle Lake is a village in Barron and Polk counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 1065 at the 2010 census. Of this 972 were in Barron County and 93 were in Polk County. The village is located between the towns of Almena in Barron County and Beaver in Polk County.
 Mysłówka [mɨˈswufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Piątek 16 km (10 mi) east of Łęczyca and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Losdorp is a town in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is a part of the municipality of Delfzijl and lies about 25 km northeast of Groningen.The statistical area Losdorp which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 200.
 Humac is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 Krajewo-Ćwikły [kraˈjɛvɔ ˈt͡ɕfikwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Stryjów [ˈstrɨjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Izbica 16 km (10 mi) south of Krasnystaw and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Chakrampally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Mominpet mandal.
 Gadaraya is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 3099 and had 441 houses in the village.
 Kateh (Persian: كته‎) is a village in Gel Berenji Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1309 in 294 families.
 Ghur Gharbiyah (Arabic: غور غربية‎ also spelled Ghor Gharbiya or Ghouri) is a town in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate northwest of Homs. Nearby localities include Qazhal to the southeast Akrad Dayasinah to the east Burj Qa'i to the northeast Taldou and Kafr Laha to the northwest and Sharqliyya and al-Qabu to the west. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Ghur Gharbiyah had a population of 4016 in the 2004 census.
 Şıhmurat is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Babel (Persian: بابل‎ also Romanized as Bābel; also known as Bābol-e Mashūsh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 46 families.
 Kaligram is a small village of District Malda in the state of West Bengal India. It is under Kaligram- Gram-Panchayat of The Block Chanchal-I of the district Malda. It falls under juridission of Chanchal police station . It dates back to Mughal Era. It is widely believed that a Mughal noble named Kali Khan came to this village and it was named after him. In the history of Bengal it was mentioned that Raja Ganesh fled from his capital by using the Kadali River in his way to Dinajpur.
 Mir Homayun (Persian: ميرهمايون‎ also Romanized as Mīr Homāyūn) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6 in 5 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Baqersoli Satar (Persian: قشلاق باقرسلي ستار‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Bāqersolī Satār) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 18 families.
 Grzymała [ɡʐɨˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tuczępy 20 km (12 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 230.
 Książnica [kɕɔ̃ʐˈnit͡sa] (German: Pfaffendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 450.
 Moshk (Persian: مشك‎ also Romanized as Mashk; also known as Moshg) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 690 in 174 families.
 Ab Barik (Persian: اب باريك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bārīk and Āb-e Bārīk; also known as Bārīkābād) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 14 families.
 Puliyankurichi is a village that belongs to Ganagavalli taluk in the Salem district of Tamil Nadu India. It is located in the east end part of the southernmost district of Salem. It takes two hours to reach from Salem and two and half hours from Trichy.The main occupation of the people who live there is agriculture. One of the prominent tourist locations is the olden Lord Eswaran temple. A part of the village is surrounded by a forest with an area of about ten thousand square km.
 Łęczyn [ˈwɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Łęczyce 15 km (9 mi) west of Wejherowo and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dowkestan (Persian: دوكستان‎ also Romanized as Dowkestān and Dūkestān) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Sum Alahi Mong (or Sum Ellahi Mong) is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
 Mäense is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Taciewo [taˈt͡ɕevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 119 km (74 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hajj Naj (Persian: حج نج‎ also Romanized as Ḩājj Naj) is a village in Fasharud Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 22 families.
 Bağören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Musa Kola (Persian: موسي كلا‎ also Romanized as Mūsá Kolā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 51 families.
 Pěnčín (Jablonec nad Nisou District) is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kościelec [kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Stary Targ 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Sztum and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bystrzejowice Pierwsze [bɨstʂɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.Polish publicist and politician Jan Ludwik Popławski was born here.
 Hume is a village in Shiloh and Young America townships Edgar County Illinois United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 380.
 Płaczkowo [pwat͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Jutrosin 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Rawicz and 81 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kovilur is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Golbaghi (Persian: گل باغي‎ also Romanized as Golbāghī) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 33 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Ali (Persian: مزرعه محمدعلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad ʿAlī) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krępa Kaszubska [ˈkrɛmpa kaˈʂupska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Lębork and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 505.
 Kapshticë is a settlement in the Devoll District southeastern Albania. It is part of the municipality Qendër Bilisht. The village lies near the border crossing with Greece.
 Kalina [kaˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Gniezno and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Umieszcz [ˈumjɛʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Tarnowiec 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Jasło and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Hari (Persian: حري‎ also Romanized as Ḩarī) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Central District of Mirjaveh County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Muff (from Irish: Magh) is a village in County Donegal Ireland. It is near the mouth of the River Foyle (where it flows into Lough Foyle) and sits at the border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. The village of Culmore and the city of Derry are to the south. Muff has experienced significant growth in population during the last decade as people from Northern Ireland migrate across the border.
 Ostuj (Persian: استوج‎ also Romanized as Ostūj) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 59 families.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Witonia 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Łęczyca and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gornji Rujani is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cham Espid (Persian: چم اسپيد‎ also Romanized as Cham Espīd) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 Ditkivtsi (Ukrainian: Дітківці) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Teenuse is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād and Hosein Abad) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 112 families.
 Jamak Zehi (Persian: جمك زهي‎ also Romanized as Jamak Zehī) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 17 families.
 Kutlu is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 27 people.
 Sarımsaklı is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Taskoh (Persian: طاسكوه‎ also Romanized as Ţāskūh; also known as Ţāskū) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 108 families.
 Nellikuth is a location in Manjeri Municipality in Malappuram district of Kerala State India.Nellikuth is the birthplace of Ali Musliyar and Variyan Kunnan Kunhumuhammed Haji the Moplah rebel leaders of 1921 Moplah Rebellion. This place is 8 km far from manjeri town. A part of Kadalundi River flows through Nellikkuth.
 Pieranie [pjɛˈraɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Biskupia 16 km (10 mi) east of Inowrocław and 33 km (21 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 190.
 Tabaci is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qarah Batlaq (Persian: قره باطلاق‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bāţlāq and Qareh Bāţlāq) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 629 in 138 families.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād; also known as Sa‘īdābād) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1463 in 390 families.
 Brzezie-Huby [ˈbʐɛʑɛ ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Gostyń and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Deh-e Rud Musevi (Persian: ده رودموسوي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Rūd Mūsevī) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 12 families.
 Dar Kham (Persian: درخم‎) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Naru (Persian: نارو‎ also Romanized as Nārū) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Debeli Lug is a village in the municipality of Majdanpek Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 458 people.
 Ożarów [ɔˈʐaruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 12 km (7 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Płaczkowo [pwat͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Suran (Persian: سوران‎ also Romanized as Sūrān) is a village in Karvan-e Sofla Rural District Karvan District Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 799 in 206 families.
 Cekcyn [ˈt͡sɛkt͡sɨn] is a village in Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Cekcyn. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Tuchola and 51 km (32 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 1710.Cekcyn is the picturesque village in the middle of 'Bory Tucholskie' Region. Around the buildings there are few lakes with the biggest one - Wielkie Jezioro Cekcyńskie.
 Rohuneeme is a village in Viimsi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 14 km (9 mi) northeast of the centre of Tallinn situated on the northern end of the Viimsi Peninsula. As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 440.The northernmost cape of the peninsula is named Rohuneem (literally: Cape of Grass).The island of Aegna which administratively belongs to Tallinn is located about 1.5 km northwest of Rohuneeme.
 Fulton is a village in Morrow County Ohio United States. The population was 258 at the 2010 census. Fulton is south of Mount Gilead Ohio the county seat.
 Sechura is a town in northwestern Peru 50 km south of Piura. It is the capital of Sechura Province in the Piura Region. The town gives its name to the Sechura Desert which extends south along most of coastal Peru. Crescent dunes lie south of the city between the sea and the highway. The town has a main square with the Catédral de Sechura built in the 17th-century in the Spanish colonial style.
 Aq Tappeh (Persian: اق تپه‎ also Romanized as Āq Tappeh and Āq Tepe; also known as Agh Tapeh Hajebloo) is a village in Raheb Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1937 in 445 families.
 Khejarli or Khejadli is a village in Jodhpur district of Rajasthan India 26 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of the city of Jodhpur. The name of the town is derived from Khejri (Prosopis cineraria) trees that were once abundant in the village.In this village 363 Bishnois sacrificed their lives in 1730 AD while protecting green Khejri that are considered sacred by the community. The incident was a forebear of the 20th-century Chipko Movement.
 Chah Gaz (Persian: چاه گز‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gaz; also known as Chāh Kaz) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1009 in 253 families.
 Podżar [ˈpɔd͡ʐar] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Szczerców 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cheshmeh Meru (Persian: چشمه مرو‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Merū and Cheshmeh Mīrū) is a village in Zarneh Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Rigsalimi (Persian: ريگ سليمي‎ also Romanized as Rīgsalīmī; also known as Rīgsalmī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. According to the 2006 census the villages population was 597 in 108 families.
 Pełczyn [ˈpɛu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wołów and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Morad Khan (Persian: مراد خان‎ also Romanized as Morād Khān; also known as Posht Tang-e Vosţá) is a village in Tarhan-e Sharqi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. In the 2006 census its population was 427 in 82 families.
 Raškoviće is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 164 people.
 Wojciechowo [vɔi̯t͡ɕeˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Działowo [d͡ʑaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Płużnica 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Wąbrzeźno and 36 km (22 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 253.
 Michałowo [mixaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnia within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Balibegovići is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chenarestan (Persian: چنارستان‎ also Romanized as Chenārestān) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 541 in 130 families.
 North Perry is a village in Lake County Ohio United States. The population was 893 at the 2010 census.
 Pripek is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province Bulgaria.
 Hatamabad (Persian: حاتم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩātamābād) is a village in Mahyar Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 24 families.
 Mehran (Persian: مهران‎ also Romanized as Mehrān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 116 families.
 Taratekan (Persian: تراتكان‎ also Romanized as Tarātekān) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 39 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Musa Efrasiyabi (Persian: تلمبه شهيدموسي افراسيابي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Mūsá Efrāsīyābī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the time of the 2006 census its population was 48 in 10 families.
 Virk is also known as Birka/Virka. It is a village near Phagwara but falls within Tehsil Phillaur Jalandhar district in Punjab India.
 Chalab (Persian: چالاب‎ also Romanized as Chālāb) is a village in Korani Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 71 families.
 Bzówki [ˈbzufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Kutno and 65 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dębnik [ˈdɛmbnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Neycharan (Persian: نيچران‎ also Romanized as Neycharān and Naycharān; also known as Letiaran Letīyārān and Letyaran) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 54 families.
 Cisowe [t͡ɕiˈsɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 38 km (24 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Sheykh Kola (Persian: شيخ كلا‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Kolā) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 123 families.
 Nesah-ye Olya (Persian: نسه عليا‎ also Romanized as Nesah-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Neseh-ye Anjīreh and Neyseh Anjīreh) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 8 families.
 Ab Kaseh (Persian: اب كاسه‎ also Romanized as Āb Kāseh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 36 families.
 Meszno [ˈmɛʂnɔ] (German Mösen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Otmuchów 14 km (9 mi) west of Nysa and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 380.
 Hafez (Persian: حافظ‎ also Romanized as Ḩāfez̧) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 41 families.
 Heisri is a village in Kanepi Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Borówna [bɔˈruvna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica Murowana within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lipnica Murowana 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Bochnia and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kukawki [kuˈkafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Przesmyki 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 105 km (65 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Zdanowice [zdanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Nagłowice 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 280.
 Kavzhan (Persian: كاوژان‎ also Romanized as Kāvzhān) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 12 families.
 Hopkins is a village in Allegan County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 610 at the 2010 census. The village is within Hopkins Township. It is home to one school district Hopkins Public Schools.
 Kala Bakra village comes under the Bhogpur development block of Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Perumannu is a village near Iritty in Kannur district of Kerala India.On December 4 2008 nine schoolchildren were killed and twelve injured in a road accident at Perumannu when a jeep hit the children as they were on their way home from school.One of the injured victims died a few days later raising the death toll to 10 children.
 Mazraeh-ye Zaman Put (Persian: مزرعه زمان پوط‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Zamān Pūṭ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 16 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Aqa Baba (Persian: قشلاق اقابابا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Āqā Bābā) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 40 families.
 Mijan-e Olya (Persian: ميجان عليا‎ also Romanized as Mījān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Mījān and Mījān-e Bālā) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 39 families.
 Nahr-e Anbar (Persian: نهرعنبر‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e ‘Anbar and Nahr ‘Anbār) is a village in Nahr-e Anbar Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 110 families.
 Qodratabad (Persian: قدرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Qodratābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 16 families.
 Dobrzelewice [dɔbʐɛlɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kowal 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Ifernouane is a village and rural commune in Niger. As of 2011 the commune had a total population of 13243 people.
 Tilonia is a village in Ajmer district in Rajasthan India.It is home of the NGO Barefoot College founded by renowned social worker Bunker Roy. Since it was founded this village has become a model for all remote villages for economic and social development.
 Chah-e Arabha (Persian: چاه عربها‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ‘Arabhā; also known as Chāh-e ʿAmīq ʿAlī Mīr Ebrāhīm Ās) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 23 families.
 Ziri (Persian: زيري‎ also Romanized as Zīrī) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 710 in 170 families.
 Keskranna is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Aniołka Pierwsza [aˈɲɔu̯ka ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Aweintat I is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Choruk-e Pishkamar (Persian: چروك پيشكمر‎ also Romanized as Chorūk-e Pīshḵamar; also known as Chorūk) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 70 families.
 Ligah (Persian: ليگاه‎ also Romanized as Līgāh; also known as Legā) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 17 families.
 Stehelčeves is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Juvvigunta is a village in Marripudi Mandal PIN 523270 in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Juvvigunta belongs to Kondapi Assembly constituency. Cash crops like tobacco Subabul Peanuts and Food crops like Rice and a variety of pulses are grown in this region.Juvvigunta is located in between Kondapi and Podili towns. The distance between Juvvigunta and Podili is 25 km and 17 km from kondapi.
 Porażyn [pɔˈraʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Opalenica 15 km (9 mi) east of Nowy Tomyśl and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Davah Yataqi (Persian: دوه ياتاقي‎ also Romanized as Davah Yātāqī; also known as Kūrānlū and Davah Tāqī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 548 in 72 families.
 Æðuvík (from Æða meaning duck and vík meaning bay) is a community located on the southernmost tip of Eysturoy island of the Faroe Islands.Founded in 1897 its postal code is FO 645. Its population is about 100 and it is located at N 62° 4' 11 W 6° 41' 24. The village is located in the Runavík municipality along with Glyvur Runavík Saltangará Rituvík Skipanes Søldarfjørður Elduvík Funningsfjørður Glyvrar Oyndarfjørður Skáli Skálafjørður Lambi and Lambareiði.
 Posht Tang-e Olya (Persian: پشت تنگ عليا‎ also Romanized as Posht Tang-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 337 in 62 families.
 Rydzewo-Pieniążek [rɨˈd͡zɛvɔ pjɛˈɲɔ̃ʐɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Radziłów 23 km (14 mi) south of Grajewo and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 110.
 Podlechy [pɔdˈlɛxɨ] (German Podlechen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Korsze 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 217.
 Bijuwar is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal. Bijuwar is the main commercial center in the valley of Jhimruk Khola.To Promote local culture Bijuwar has one FM radio station Radio Lisne Awaj - 103.6 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.
 Słupia Nadbrzeżna-Kolonia [ˈswupja nadˈbʐɛʐna kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Tarłów 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Opatów and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Shahrak-e Salman-e Farsi (Persian: شهرك سلمان فارسي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Salmān-e Fārsī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6418 in 1294 families.
 Pireh Sorkh-e Pain (Persian: پيره سرخ پائين‎ also Romanized as Pīreh Sorkh-e Pā’īn; also known as Pir-i-Surkh Pīr Sorkh Pīr Sorkh-e Pā’īn Pīr Sorkh Soflá and Seyyed Laţīf) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Parikan (Persian: پريكان‎ also Romanized as Parīkān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kruplin-Parcela [ˈkruplin parˈt͡sɛla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.The village has a population of 58.
 Gez Boland (Persian: گزبلند‎) is a village in Nujin Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Eslamiyeh (Persian: اسلاميه‎ also Romanized as Eslāmīyeh; also known as Dez-e-Kord Dez Gerd Dezhkord Dez Kard Dez Kord Dīzeh Kard Dīzeh Khowrd Dīz-i-Kurd and Jadval-e Now) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4187 in 975 families.
 Halush (Persian: هلوش‎ also Romanized as Halūsh) is a village in Jayedar Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1117 in 218 families.
 Drążno [ˈdrɔ̃ʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Klwów 15 km (9 mi) north of Przysucha and 84 km (52 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Morz (Persian: مرز‎ also Romanized as Marz) is a village in Abshur Rural District Forg District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3512 in 720 families.
 Nowica [nɔˈvʲit͡sa] (Ukrainian: Новиця Novytsia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Uście Gorlickie 12 km (7 mi) south of Gorlice and 106 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 120.The population includes Polish and Lemko ethnicities.
 Tumlin-Zacisze [ˈtumlin zaˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Zagnańsk and 10 km (6 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.
 Komaj Khvor (Persian: كماج خور‎ also Romanized as Komāj Khvor; also known as Komāch Khvor and Komājkhor) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 61 families.
 Starczewo Wielkie [starˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dzierzążnia 16 km (10 mi) west of Płońsk and 76 km (47 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Stare Brzozowo [ˈstarɛ bʐɔˈzɔvɔ] is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Eskaleh-ye Shahid Rajai (Persian: اسكله شهيدرجائي‎ also Romanized as Esḵaleh-ye Shahīd Rajā‘ī) is a village in Gachin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 19 families.
 Ashford (Irish: Áth na Fuinseoige) historically known as Ballymacahara (Irish: Baile Mhic Aodha Charraigh) is a village in County Wicklow Ireland. It lies on the River Vartry and at the meeting of the R772 R763 and R764 regional roads. The village was formerly on the main Dublin–Wexford route the N11 but was bypassed by the new N11 in 2004.Ashford is about 3 km (1.9 mi) north of Rathnew which is on the outskirts of the town of Wicklow.
 Ghoveyleh-ye Sadat (Persian: غويله سادات‎ also Romanized as Ghoveyleh-ye Sādāt; also known as Tall-e Qoveyleh and Tall Qaveyleh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 316 in 61 families.
 Boża Wólka [ˈbɔʐa ˈvulka] (German: Bosembwolka 1938-45 Dreißighuben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Vrci (Cyrillic: Врци) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tanur-e Boland (Persian: تنوربلند‎ also Romanized as Tanūr-e Boland and Tanūr Boland) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 47 families.
 Boinpalle or Boinpalli is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is well known in the district and connected by Thar road between Kodurpaka and Gangadara. It is 28 kilometers from the district capital.1. Government High School.2.Chennamaneni Junior collegeThe following is the list of Schools and Colleges s in Boinpalle mandal.1. Government High School .2. Chennamaneni Junior college 3.
 Ali Mardan (Persian: علي مردان‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Mardān) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 15 families.
 Kobylniki [kɔbɨlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Skalbmierz 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Kazimierza Wielka and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kruszyny Szlacheckie [kruˈʂɨnɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Bobrowo 16 km (10 mi) north of Brodnica and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Chorążyce [xɔrɔ̃ˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Jilab (Persian: جيلاب‎ also Romanized as Jīlāb; also known as Ḩīlāb) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 88 families.
 Kotiabad (Persian: كتي اباد‎ also Romanized as Kotīābād; also known as Kalīābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 6 families.
 Nowy Staw [ˈnɔvɨ ˈstaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Niemce and 16 km (10 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dargahabad (Persian: درگاه اباد‎ also Romanized as Dargāhābād) is a village in Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 59 families.
 Kordabad (Persian: كرداباد‎ also Romanized as Kordābād) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1458 in 380 families.
 Bayarban is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 20230.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-west of Krasocin 11 km (7 mi) east of Włoszczowa and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 114.
 Słupia Kapitulna [ˈswupja kapiˈtulna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Rawicz and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qaleh Barez (Persian: قلعه بارز‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Bārez) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Salami Rural District Salami District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1347 in 279 families.
 Stara Lipina [ˈstara liˈpina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Stramniczka [stramˈnit͡ʂka] (German: Alt Tramm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Klocówka [klɔˈt͡sufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Chahar Kahn (Persian: چهاركهن‎ also Romanized as Chahār Kahn; also known as Chahār Kan) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 8 families.
 Lumle is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4685 persons living in 955 individual households.
 Hajjiabad-e Razveh (Persian: حاجي آباد رضوه‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Raẕveh) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Czestków B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Buczek 5 km (3 mi) south of Łask and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 290.
 Topołowa [tɔpɔˈwɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Cazale (also spelled Cazales or Casale) is a village in Haiti. It is located in a mountainous region more than 70 kilometers from Port-au-Prince the capital. It is the main population center of the Polish community in Haiti called La Pologne (Poland). The name Cazale may have originated as kay Zalewski meaning home of Zalewski (a popular Polish surname). The village is populated by descendents of Polish soldiers sent by Napolean in 1802.
 Rzędków [ˈʐɛntkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nundhaki is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2613 people living in 478 individual households. It is famous for Guphapokhari that laies 2900 metres (9500 ft) above the sea level.
 Bulatovići (Cyrillic: Булатовићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Obudehalis (Persian: ابودهاليس‎ also Romanized as Obūdehālīs; also known as Abū Dahālīs) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 38 families.
 Amui (Persian: عمويي‎ also Romanized as ‘Amū’ī) is a village in Shapur Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 763 in 160 families.
 Chapayevka is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Adolfo E. Carranza is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Paluzy [paˈluzɨ] (German Plausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Dłużyna [dwuˈʐɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Włoszakowice 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Leszno and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 465.
 Khab is a small village in the state of Himachal Pradesh India. It is located in the Sutlej river valley near the India-Tibet border. National Highway 22 connects Khab with state capital Shimla. Khab sangam is the confluence of Spiti river and Sutlej river. The Spiti river flowing through the spiti valley here meets the Sutlej which originates from Mansarovar Lake in Tibet. The ancient monastery of Tashigang Gompa is nearby.
 Arzanaq (Persian: ارزنق‎) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 42 families.
 Emamzadeh Monir (Persian: امامزاده منير‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Monīr and Emāmzādehmonīr) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 El Juncal is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Lioessens (West Frisian: Ljussens) is a small village in Dongeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 387 citizens (2007).
 Ghatboral is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Homnabad taluk of Bidar district in Karnataka.
 Zarnusheh (Persian: زرنوشه‎ also Romanized as Zarnūsheh; also known as Zanūsheh) is a village in Garakan Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 687 in 163 families.
 Yeşilova is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Owhkan (Persian: اوهكن‎) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 38 families.
 This article is about the village in Latvia; for other uses of term Cena see Cena (disambiguation).Cena (or Cenas) is a small village in Latvia Ozolnieki Municipality. The village located at Misa River approximately 32 km from the capital Riga and 10 km from city Jelgava.
 Ciemne [ˈt͡ɕɛmnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Radzymin 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Wołomin and 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 760.
 Tekheyt-e Sofla (Persian: تخيطسفلي‎ also Romanized as Tekheyt-e Soflá; also known as Tekheyţ-e Pā’īn and Tokīt) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 16 families.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Dikleh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 11 families.
 Beriya Birta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4050.
 Shorewood is a village in Milwaukee County Wisconsin United States. The population was 13162 at the 2010 census. Howell Raines of The New York Times said in 1979 that [t]his maplestudded town on Lake Michigan dotes on its reputation as Milwaukee's most liberal suburb.
 Zulesk (Persian: زولسك‎ also Romanized as Z̄ūlesk; also known as Zahisk Zolisk and Zūleng) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 63 families.
 Boleszkowice [bɔlɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) north-west of Szczecinek and 124 km (77 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 60.
 Tall Chegah-e Sofla (Persian: تل چگاه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tall Chegāh-e Soflá and Tal Chegāh-e Soflá; also known as Tal Chegāh-e Pā’īn Tal Chekā-ye Pā’īn and Tol Chegāh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dorunak Rural District Zeydun District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 36 families.
 Tokary-Gajówka [tɔˈkarɨ ɡaˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ayvalı is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Beygtuli-ye Olya (Persian: بيگ تولي عليا‎ also Romanized as Beygtūlī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 39 families.
 Wybudowanie Michałowo [vɨbudɔˈvaɲe mixaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Sanam is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Blaževo is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 183 people.
 Pas Fidaneh (Persian: پاسفيدانه‎ also Romanized as Pās Fīdāneh) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 9 families.
 Puranagau is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2866 people living in 242 individual households.
 Lukavac is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1054 people.
 Hakurutale is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ahmadabad-e Kalij-e Olya (Persian: احمدابادكليج عليا‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Kalīj-e ‘Olyā; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Kalīch) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 126 families.
 Tilton is a village in Danville Township Vermilion County Illinois United States. It is part of the Danville Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 2976 at the 2000 census and 3061 in 2009.It is named after Charles Tilton a friend of Abraham Lincoln who worked for the railroads. Lincoln reputedly had Thanksgiving dinner at Tilton's house in the village in the 1850s.
 Palashi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Nasir Kandi (Persian: نصيركندي‎ also Romanized as Naşīr Kandī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 10 families.
 Astarqan (Persian: استرقان‎ also Romanized as Astarqān and Āstarqān; also known as Astarabān Astaragan and Astarghan) is a village in Arzil Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 41 families.
 Malko Gradishte is a village in the municipality of Lyubimets in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Zaolszynie [zaɔlˈʂɨɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Trzebieszów 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Łuków and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Lędyczek [lɛnˈdɨt͡ʂɛk] (formerly German: Landeck in Westpreußen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Okonek 21 km (13 mi) north of Złotów and 126 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 526.
 Wola Korycka Dolna [ˈvɔla kɔˈrɨt͡ska ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Holley is a village in the town of Murray in Orleans County New York United States. The population was 1811 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Rochester Metropolitan Statistical Area.[citation needed]
 Erimayur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Together with Erimayur-I it forms Erimayur gram panchayat
 Szumlin [ˈʂumlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Płońsk and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Jabłonna [jaˈbwɔnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rydzyna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Rydzyna 16 km (10 mi) south of Leszno and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Eqbaliyeh (Persian: اقباليه‎ also Romanized as Eqbālīyeh) is a village in Tankaman Rural District Tankaman District Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 494 in 123 families.
 for the neighborhood of Rauma Finland see Kinno RaumaKinno [ˈkinnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Mokra [ˈmɔkra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Skierniewice and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 149.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Niemce and 14 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ajam (Persian: عجم‎ also Romanized as ‘Ajam; also known as ‘Ajamqolī) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Muqlus or Mqlos (Arabic: مقلس‎ also spelled Mqlos Mukloss or Muklis) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located about 40 kilometers west of Homs. It is situated in the Wadi al-Nasara (Valley of Christians) north of Lebanon. Nearby localities include Hasour to the north al-Nasirah to the southwest Mazinah to the south Shin to the southeast Rabah to the east and Fahel to the northeast.
 Seyyed Alishah (Persian: سيدعليشاه‎ also Romanized as Seyyed ʿAlīshāh) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sang Cheshmeh-ye Do (Persian: سنگ چشمه 2‎; also known as Sang Cheshmeh-ye Shomāreh Do) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 20 families.
 Mosayyeb Mahalleh (Persian: مصيب محله‎ also Romanized as Moşayyeb Maḩalleh; also known as Masaf and Moşaf) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Galugah County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 23 families.
 Grocholice [ɡrɔxɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Lipnik 8 km (5 mi) south of Opatów and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 112.
 Lepino [lɛˈpinɔ] (German: Leppin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sławoborze 16 km (10 mi) north of Świdwin and 94 km (58 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kaferkahel (Arabic: كَفَرْقاهِل‎ Kafer-Qãhël) and some says Kfarqahel (Arabic: كْفَرْقاهِل‎ Kfar-Qãhël) is a Lebanese village of Al-Koura villages in the North governorate. Characterized by its geographical location as it separates the district of Al-Koura and Zagarta-corner through the valley Qadisha and the river Qadisha. The village is half Greek Orthodox Christian and half Sunni Muslim).
 Burgum (Dutch: Bergum) is the largest and administrative town of the municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel in the Dutch province of Friesland with a population of 10083 inhabitants (December 1 2009). Since January 1 1989 the West Frisian name Burgum is the official name before 1989 the Dutch name was the official one.The name Burgum is suggestive of an area of higher altitude than the surrounding area. The province of Friesland is bordered in the north by the Wadden Sea.
 Niwiska [niˈviska] is a village and the seat of the rural gmina (administrative district) of Gmina Niwiska (Niwiska Commune) in Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Kolbuszowa and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kalateh-ye Rezaqoli (Persian: كلاته رضاقلي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Reẕāqolī) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 25 families.
 Kurczów [ˈkurt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Borów 13 km (8 mi) north of Strzelin and 26 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kilbotn is a village in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. The village is located about 12 km (7.5 mi) south of the center of the town of Harstad along the Vågsfjorden on the east side of Hinnøya island. The villages of Fauskevåg and Sørvika are just a few kilometres to the south of Kilbotn. The population (2001) of the village is 332 but since 2002 it has been considered a part of the Harstad urban area.
 Mahul is a neighborhood in Mumbai in the Trombay area. Mahul is a quiet little fishing village away from the hustle and bustle of Mumbai. The population majorly consists of Koli community who were the first inhabitants of Mumbai.Mahul Koli Mahotsav is celebrated every year by villagers which provides entertainment and great food for fish lovers. The deity of the Koli community is Ekvira Devi. There is a village market where fresh fish is available in abundance.
 Zairabul (Persian: زايرابول‎ also Romanized as Zāīrābūl) is a village in Kabgan Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Şişeler Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Esfeh (Persian: اسفه‎; also known as Esfe Isfeh and Ispeh) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 80 families.
 Mehman Duyeh (Persian: مهماندويه‎ also Romanized as Mehmān Dūyeh) is a village in Damankuh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 39 families.
 Ulang (Persian: اولنگ‎ also Romanized as Ūlang) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 35 families.
 Sławniów [ˈswavɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pilica 21 km (13 mi) east of Zawiercie and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Maquinchao is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.It is located in the middle of northern Patagonia right in the steppe.
 Albertów [alˈbɛrtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Lipie 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Kłobuck and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 369.
 Burovac is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality Braničevo District in Serbia.
 Lužani is a village in Croatia.
 Pattihal Kariyat Sampagaon is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Morahang is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3679 people living in 699 individual households.Majority of the people from this village come from Limbu Background. In comparison people from this area are well educated and have higher earning power.
 Sarawal is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3942 people living in 553 individual households.
 Lewiczynek [lɛviˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 104.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Brzeziny and 16 km (10 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Donji Kakanj (Cyrillic: Доњи Какањ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Neqab (Persian: نقاب‎ also Romanized as Neqāb) is a village in Darzab Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 343 in 81 families.
 Boszczynek [bɔʂˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Skalbmierz 4 km (2 mi) west of Kazimierza Wielka and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Marek Katahare is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5725 people living in 983 individual households.
 Adkalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Siddapur taluk of Uttara Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Mazraeh-ye Izady (Persian: مزرعه ايزدی‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Īzady) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Spurgle [ˈspurɡlɛ] (German Sporgeln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Maksymilianów [maksɨmiˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Przytyk 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Radom and 78 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kenkere is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chiknayakanhalli taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Sartal-e Abdarreh (Persian: سرتل ابدره‎ also Romanized as Sartal-e Ābdarreh; also known as Sartal and Sar Tūl) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Buta Ranquil is a village and municipality in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.
 Ahmetler is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Cosby is a village in Andrew County Missouri United States. The population was 124 at the 2010 census. It is part of the St. Joseph MO–KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Mowtowr-e Hajji Qader Bakhsh (Persian: موتور حاجي قادربخش‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Qāder Bakhsh) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Kismatpur is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Rajendranagar mandal.
 Motoga [mɔˈtɔɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 42.
 Hara is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia on the territory of Lahemaa National Park. It's located on the Juminda Peninsula.A former soviet submarine station is located in Hara.
 Siedliszcze [ɕɛdˈliʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dubienka 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Chełm and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 360.
 Zagoździe [zaˈɡɔʑd͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Stanin 19 km (12 mi) west of Łuków and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 300.
 Pennant is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 Gobbaragumpi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Uruherapola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Karizak (Persian: كاريزك‎ also Romanized as Kārīzaḵ) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dąbrówka 18 km (11 mi) north of Wołomin and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 La Lobería is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Molla Baqer (Persian: ملاباقر‎ also Romanized as Mollā Bāqer and Mollā Bāger) is a village in Golian Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 704 in 187 families.
 Azizabad (Persian: عزيزآباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1446 in 305 families.
 Chwalibożyce [xfalibɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German: Frauenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Oława and 35 kilometres (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Qaleh Jiq-e Bozorg (Persian: قلعه جيق بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jīq-e Bozorg and Qal‘eh-ye Jīq Bozorg; also known as Qal‘eh Chīq Bozorg Qal‘eh Jīn-e Bozorg and Qal’eh Jīq-e-Bālā) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District Gomishan District Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1111 in 233 families.
 Janczewice [jant͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lesznowola 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Piaseczno and 13 km (8 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Koło Młyna [ˈkɔwɔ ˈmwɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ramlewo [ramˈlɛvɔ] (German: Ramelow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-east of Kołobrzeg and 98 km (61 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Musian (Persian: موسيان‎ also Romanized as Mūsīān and Mūsīyān; also known as Mūsyūn) is a village in Abrisham Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1478 in 373 families.
 Dadzewo [daˈd͡zɛvɔ] (formerly German Datzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Polanów 28 km (17 mi) east of Koszalin and 153 km (95 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Khvoshaku (Persian: خوشاكو‎ also Romanized as Khvoshākū; also known as Khvoshālū) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 476 in 78 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kutno and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 150.
 Urja Nagar is a village in Chandrapur district Maharashtra India.
 Pszczółki [ˈpʂt͡ʂuu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Zelów 20 km (12 mi) west of Bełchatów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kushk Talkh-e Darghak (Persian: كوشك تلخ درغك‎ also Romanized as Kūshk Talkh-e Darghak; also known as Kūshk) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 12 families.
 Badharwa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3354 people living in 625 individual households.
 Moshkan (Persian: مشكان‎ also Romanized as Moshkān; also known as Moshgān and Mūsh Kān) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1063 in 240 families.
 Hular-e Olya (Persian: هولار عليا‎ also Romanized as Hūlār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bālā Hūlār and Hūlār-e Bālā) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 55 families.
 Białczyn [ˈbjau̯t͡ʂɨn] (German: Lilienthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Florencja [flɔˈrɛnt͡sja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Stare Sierzputy [ˈstarɛ ɕɛʂˈputɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Łomża and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mików [ˈmʲikuf] (Ukrainian: Миків Mykiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza within Sanok County in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Komańcza 27 km (17 mi) south of Sanok and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 65.
 Ramavandi-ye Sofla (Persian: رماوندي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ramāvandī-ye Soflá; also known as Ramāvand-e Soflá) is a village in Rumeshkhan-e Gharbi Rural District Rumeshkhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 582 in 99 families.
 Rabbegamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ab Anjiru (Persian: اب انجيرو‎ also Romanized as Āb Ānjīrū) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bargoshad (Persian: برگشاد‎ also Romanized as Bargoshād) is a village in Lakestan Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 103 families.
 Dąbrowa-Cherubiny [dɔmˈbrɔva xɛruˈbinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Meleh-ye Hasan Boqeh (Persian: مله حسن بقعه‎ also Romanized as Meleh-ye Ḩasan Boq‘eh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 24 families.
 Bandhaguda is a village under Sheragada block in Ganjam district Odisha India. It is also a Grama Panchayat consists of 6 villages which are B.Chikili Bandhaguda Chasamahuli Gopapalli Laxminursinghapur and Sadangipalli. It is 55 km from the Brahmapur city. Historically this village provides rural education to around 15 villages around the area.
 Rti is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 553 people.
 Galleh Khar (Persian: گله خر‎ also Romanized as Gallehkhar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 5 families.
 Lisewo [liˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kalinowo 21 km (13 mi) east of Ełk and 143 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tavakkolabad-e Zeh Kalut (Persian: توكل اباد زهكلوت‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād-e Zeh Kalūt; also known as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 9 families.
 Hasanabad-e Margemari (Persian: حسن ابادمرگ ماري‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Margemārī; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād-e Mārmeh) is a village in Banaruiyeh Rural District Banaruiyeh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 85 families.
 Kędzie [ˈkɛnd͡ʑɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Piątek Wielki [ˈpjɔntɛk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Stawiszyn 16 km (10 mi) north of Kalisz and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Moravia is a village in Cayuga County New York United States. The population was 1282 at the 2010 census.The Village of Moravia is in the south part of the Town of Moravia and is south of Auburn New York.Nearby Fillmore Glen State Park contains a replica of the cabin in which President Millard Fillmore was born.
 Kızıllar is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Milan is a village in Cibola County New Mexico United States. The population was 3245 at the 2010 Census. A suburb of Grants Milan has a decent population growth. Many new houses and service-oriented businesses are being built. Milan is also the site of the privately run Cibola County Correctional Center which houses more than 1000 federal prisoners and is a major employer.
 Gerdab-e Olya (Persian: گرداب عليا‎ also Romanized as Gerdāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gerdāb and Gerdāb Bālā) is a village in Vahdat Rural District Mugarmun District Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 14 families.
 Pattanchery is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the Pattencherry gram panchayat.
 General Galarza is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Yeniköy Posof is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Suqubiya is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Vishka Matir (Persian: ويشكاماتير‎ also Romanized as Vīshkā Mātīr) is a village in Lakan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 55 families.
 Cham Zard-e Mahizan (Persian: چمزردماهيزان‎ also Romanized as Cham Zard-e Māhīzān; also known as Cham Zard) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 10 families.
 Shahrak-e Parvaz (Persian: شهرك پرواز‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Parvāz) is a village in Salakh Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 33 families.
 Banaz is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 60 people.
 Orom (Serbian Cyrillic: Ором Hungarian: Orom) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Kanjiža municipality in the North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority(94.23%) and its population numbering 1561 people (2002 census).
 Aychi (Persian: آيچي‎ also Romanized as Āychī and Aichi; also known as Aitchi) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 769 in 151 families.
 Thirukanurpatti is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Cezaryn [t͡sɛˈzarɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Żyrzyn 16 km (10 mi) north of Puławy and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mikołajowa [mikɔwaˈjɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Grodków 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Brzeg and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Maciejów [maˈt͡ɕejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 10 km (6 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kõrve is a village in Avinurme Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Podwole [pɔdˈvɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Morawica and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Markowo [marˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lyubovishte is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Chlebowo [xlɛˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Wierzbinek 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Konin and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Liivi is a village in Kullamaa Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Kistótfalu is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Barzaljin (Persian: برزلجين‎ also Romanized as Barzaljīn Borzelajīn Borzolajīn Būraz Lājīn Būrzolājīn and Būrzūlājīn) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1054 in 297 families.
 Kedgaon Devi is a part of Ahmednagar Municipal Corporation. (population: 45000) divided by Nagar-Pune highway in Ahmednagar district in Maharashtra state of India. Kedgaon is around 3 km from Ahmednagar railway station and 5 km from Ahmednagar ST (state transport) old bus-stand. The village has a famous Durga/Renuka goddess temple. People from all religions visit this temple to celebrate Navratri festival. Kedgaon is now included in Ahmednagar city municipal corporation.
 Stegny [ˈstɛɡnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 57 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Zielin [ˈʑelin] (formerly German Sellin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mieszkowice 51 km (32 mi) south of Gryfino and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 579.
 Chuchuyimlang is a village in Mokokchung District in the state of Nagaland in Northern India. The village is divided into four sectors or mopu namely Longzung mopu Teyong mopu Impang mopu and Imlang Mopu. The Compound Area comes under different constituency though it is also a part of Chuchuyimlang village it is also referred to as Chuchu Town.
 Deh-e Nik Mohammad (Persian: ده نيک محمد‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Nīk Moḩammad; also known as Nīk Moḩammad) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 30 families.
 Tân Ân is a commune (xã) and village in Ngọc Hiển District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Banasandra is a small town north of Turuvekere India. It plays a vital part for commerce in Turuvekere region acting as a junction of roads and railway systems.It has a railroad track operated by Indian Railways.
 Bayırlı is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Chohtan is a village in Barmer district of Rajasthan state. It is a tehsil headquarters.There are several temples in the area including Viratra Deri Dungar and Sunya Temple.
 Andover is a village located in the Town of Andover in Allegany County New York United States. The population was 1042 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from Andover Vermont.The Village of Andover is centrally located in the town and near the east county line.
 Damunumulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Danian (Persian: دانيان‎ also Romanized as Dānīān Dāneyān and Daniyan) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 37 families.
 Sookaera-Metsanurga is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Gagarwas is a small village in Rajgarh (Sadulpur) Tehsil of Churu district in Rajasthan India it is situated approximately 14 km from Sadulpur.
 Khvor Jahan (Persian: خورجهان‎ also Romanized as Khvor Jahān and Khūrjahān) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 67 families.
 Fraser Lake is a village in northern British Columbia Canada. It is located on the southwest side of Fraser Lake between Burns Lake and Vanderhoof alongside the Yellowhead Highway.The small community's population is primarily employed by either the forest industry (Fraser Lake Sawmills or various logging contractors) or the mining industry (the nearby Endako Mines a large molybdenum mine).
 Jeziorko [jɛˈʑɔrkɔ] (German: Georgsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Wałcz and 114 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 40.
 Karamindula is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād; also known as Olang-e Shāhī) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 541 in 134 families.
 Bukowo [buˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nukabad-e Sarhang (Persian: نوك ابادسرهنگ‎ also Romanized as Nūkābād-e Sarhang; also known as Nook Abad Nowkābād and Nūkābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2704 in 567 families.
 Amouli is a village on the southeast coast of Tutuila Island American Samoa at the narrowest point of the island. It is located to the west of 'Au'asi immediately to the south of 'Aoa on the north coast.
 Wojciechów [vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕexuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łaziska 8 km (5 mi) west of Opole Lubelskie and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Carlos Reyles is a village in the Durazno Department of central Uruguay.
 Nanjikottai Vallundanpattu is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Nargesi (Persian: نرگسي‎ also Romanized as Nargesī; also known as Narges and Nargesi Morgha) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 16 families.
 Eylaki-ye Bala (Persian: عيلكي بالا‎ also Romanized as ‘Eylakī-ye Bālā ‘Eylaqī Bālā and ‘Īlakī Bālā; also known as Ailaki and ‘Eylakī) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 22 families.
 Gaz-e Gharbi (Persian: گزغربي‎ also Romanized as Gaz-e Gharbī; also known as Gaz) is a village in Anzan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2317 in 604 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Quri Qaleh (Persian: قوري قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qūrī Qal‘eh) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District Shahu District Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 989 in 211 families. Quri Qale Cave is nearby.
 Nà Tấu is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Perki-Lachy [ˈpɛrki ˈlaxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bid Kheyri (Persian: بيدخيري‎ also Romanized as Bīd Kheyrī; also known as Bīd Khabarī and Bīd Kheyzī) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gąsówka-Oleksin [ɡɔ̃ˈsufka ɔˈlɛkɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 170.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād; also known as Ghasem Abad and Qāsimābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1268 in 324 families.
 Carrapateira is a village on the western coast of the Algarve Portugal. Administratively it is part of the civil parish of Bordeira within the municipality of Aljezur in the Faro District. Its landmarks include an old fort and a church. The nearby beaches are a popular surfing destination.
 Dąbie [ˈdɔmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Borne Sulinowo 18 km (11 mi) west of Szczecinek and 126 km (78 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kisielany-Żmichy [kiɕeˈlanɨ ˈʐmixɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chaman Jafar Beyg (Persian: چمن جعفربيگ‎ also Romanized as Chaman Ja‘far Beyg and Chamanī-ye Ja‘far Beyk; also known as Chaman-e Ja‘far Chaman-e Ja‘far Beyg-e Soflá Chaman Ja‘far and Chaman Ja‘far Beyg-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Kalateh-ye Avaz (Persian: كلاته عوض‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Avaẕ and Kalāteh ‘Avaz; also known as Asadābād and Kalāteh-ye Asad) is a village in Golbibi Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 764 in 181 families.
 Asadli (Persian: اسدلي‎ also Romanized as Asadlī) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 76 families.
 Çobandede is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Ševica is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 809 people.
 Eyl Shirzadi (Persian: ايل شيرزادي‎ also Romanized as Eyl Shīrzādī) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 557 in 107 families.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Yarabad (Persian: يارآباد‎ also Romanized as Yārābād; also known as Pārābād and Yaryiabad (Persian: ياري آباد) also Romanized as Yāryīābād) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 16 families.
 Koty [ˈkɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lidzbark 21 km (13 mi) west of Działdowo and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Sirin (Arabic: سرين‎) was a Palestinian Arab village located 17 kilometers (11 mi) north of Beisan. First evacuated in April 1948 on Arab orders by June 1948 some of the inhabitants had returned. Permanently depopulated by Israeli troops in the summer of 1948 Sirin was then completely destroyed. Only the village cemetery and one house remain standing along with the remains of a mosaic pavement and a vaulted spring dating to the Byzantine period.
 Nørreballe is a village on the Danish island of Lolland. With a population of 532 (1 January 2014) it is located 6 km (3.7 mi) northwest of Maribo. The village of Østofte with its 14th-century Østofte Church is now part of Nørreballe.
 Armenatkyshlak (also Ermenet-Kishlakh) is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Szczepanowice [ʂt͡ʂɛpanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Słomniki and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 200.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pątnów within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Pątnów 10 km (6 mi) south of Wieluń and 96 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ryńsk [rɨɲsk] (German: Rheinsberg (1902-1919) Rynsk older spelling Rinsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wąbrzeźno and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 750.In 1655 it was the site of the Treaty of Rinsk a short-lived inner-Prussian alliance during the Second Northern War.
 Gelu (Persian: گلو‎ also Romanized as Gelū; also known as Āhūān-e Vasaţ and Gelū Āhūgān) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1235 in 269 families.
 Do Dehak (Persian: دودهك‎ also Romanized as Dow Dehak Dūdehak and Dūdhak) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 849 in 237 families.
 Khenziri (Persian: خنضيري‎ also Romanized as Khenẕīrī and Khān Ziri; also known as Khenfīrī) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 15 families.
 Kalleh Gah (Persian: كله گاه‎ also Romanized as Kalleh Gāh and Kallehgāh) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 15 families.
 Łabiszyn-Wieś [waˈbiʂɨn ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Piveh Zhan (Persian: پيوه ژن‎ also Romanized as Pīveh Zhan; also known as Bivāzhān) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 891 in 315 families.
 Qaleh (Persian: قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh and Kale) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Złota Wieś [ˈzwɔta ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Czarna Białostocka and 20 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kolyai (Persian: كليايي‎ also Romanized as Kolyā'ī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 82 families.
 Tazeh Kand (Persian: تازه كند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Sain Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 8 families.
 Łęg [wɛnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Osiek 21 km (13 mi) east of Staszów and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a one person.
 Gostkowo [ɡɔstˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Obryte 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Pułtusk and 65 km (40 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Siah Bijar (Persian: سياه بيجار‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Bījār) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 31 families.
 Lalabad-e Kol Kol-e Yek (Persian: لعل ابادكل كل يك‎ also Romanized as La‘lābād-e Kol Kol-e Yek) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 22 families.
 Beheshtabad (Persian: بهشت آباد‎ also Romanized as Beheshtābād) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 21 families.
 Bal Bali (Persian: بلبلي‎ also Romanized as Bal Balī and Bal Balī; also known as Balelī Baleylī and Balīlī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 22 families.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 22 km (14 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Gilan (Persian: گيلان‎ also Romanized as Gīlān) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Gawanak is a village in Kohistanat District in Sar-e Pol Province in northern Afghanistan. It was formerly in Jowzjan Province.It lies southeast of Jawak.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 37 families.
 Farida Khanawadi is a village in the Athni subdistrict of Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India. As of 2001 it had a population of 2496 in 466 households.
 Kor-e Sofla (Persian: كرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kor-e Soflá; also known as Kowr-e Pā'īn and Kūr) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Mavingouni is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1046. Mavingouni is located 2.7 kilometers from the country's capital Moroni.
 Kokoszka [kɔˈkɔʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pułtusk and 50 km (31 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Erköklü is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 963 people.
 Dadrahman Badfar (Persian: دادرحمان بادفر‎ also Romanized as Dādraḩmān Bādfar) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Marat Morad (Persian: مرتع مراد‎ also Romanized as Maratʿ Morād) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Omoljica (Serbian Cyrillic: Омољица) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pančevo municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village population is 6518 people (2002 census).
 Hundhammeren is a village in the municipality of Malvik in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located along an arm of the Trondheimsfjord about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) west of Vikhammer and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Ranheim. Hundhammeren Vikhammer and the village of Malvik together form an urban area which has a population (2009) of 6033. It is part of the most populous area in the municipality.
 Siraki (Persian: سيركي‎ also Romanized as Sīrakī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 28 families.
 Stare Niemyje [ˈstarɛ ɲɛˈmɨjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mława and 107 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 30.
 Liyeh Chak (Persian: ليه چاك‎ also Romanized as Līyeh Chāk) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 11 families.
 For the town in Lebanon see Ghassanieh LebanonAl-Ghassaniya (Arabic: الغسانية‎ also spelled Ghassaniyeh) is a town in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located south of Homs and just east of Lake Qattinah. Nearby localities include Kafr Mousa to the south district capital al-Qusayr 13 kilometers to the southeast al-Buwaida al-Sharqiya to the east and Qattinah to the northeast.
 Bukovany is a village in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2008 it had a population of 775. The village was first mentioned in 1201.
 Elmacıkdere is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 140 people.
 Perinjanam is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India. It is one of the smallest villages in Kerala. The coastal village is just half a kilometer wide. National Highway 17 passes through Perinjanam. The neighbouring villages are Mathilakam Padiyoor and Kaipamangalam. It is bordered by Canoli canal in the east and Arabian Ocean in the west.
 Dębczyno [dɛmpˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] (formerly German Denzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Białogard and 113 km (70 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Margance is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 20 people.
 Beyt-e Kavar (Persian: بيت كوار‎ also Romanized as Beyt-e Kavār; also known as Beyt-e Gavvār) is a village in Neysan Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 31 families.
 Chwarstnica [xfarstˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Gryfino and 22 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 315.
 Różany [ruˈʐanɨ] (German: Alt Rosengart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Gronowo Elbląskie 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Elbląg and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 130.
 Damychldam is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Qalat-e Khvar (Persian: قلات خوار‎ also Romanized as Qalāt-e Khvār and Qalātkhvār; also known as Ghalatkhar) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 466 in 119 families.
 Gurnak (Persian: گورناك‎ also Romanized as Gūrnāk) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Ballyvaughan or Ballyvaghan (Irish: Baile Uí Bheacháin meaning Ó Beachán's townland) is a small harbour village in County Clare Ireland. It is located on the N67 road on the south shores of Galway Bay in the northwest corner of The Burren. This position on the coast road and the close proximity to many of the area's sights has turned the village into a local center of tourism activity. At the time of the 2006 Census Ballyvaughan had a population of 224.
 Baruq (Persian: باروق‎ also Romanized as Bārūq) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1065 in 272 families.
 Uchorowo [uxɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Murowana Goślina (on the road to Oborniki) and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 520.Uchorowo was first mentioned in written records in 1388.
 Vlahovići (Serbian: Влаховићи) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 48 families.
 Tepedüzü Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 157 people.
 Lošany is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dasht-e Gur (Persian: دشت گور‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Gūr and Dasht Gūr; also known as Dasht-e Kūr and Dasht-i-Kūr) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1061 in 209 families.
 Pagancillo is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Wettehena is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Ebrahim (Persian: مزرعه محمدابراهيم‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad Ebrāhīm) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Slankamenački Vinogradi (Serbian Cyrillic: Сланкаменачки Виногради Slovak: Slankamensky Vinohrady) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Inđija municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Slovak ethnic majority and its population numbering 266 people (2002 census).
 Darreh Bidi Sefidar (Persian: دره بيدي سفيدار‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bīdī Sefīdār; also known as Darreh Bīd) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Hathilet is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4445 people living in 860 individual households.
 Patlekhet is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1697 people living in 345 individual households.
 Zahab-e Olya (Persian: زهاب عليا‎ also Romanized as Z̄ahāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Z̄ehāb Zahau Za Hauz Zāhū Zeh Āb and Zū Ḥowz) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 68 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Beniyad Mastezafan (Persian: تلمبه بنيادمستضعفان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Benīyād Mastez̤ʿafān) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Harkabuz [xarˈkabus] (Slovak: Harkabúz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raba Wyżna within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Raba Wyżna 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Nowy Targ and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Ninh Thạnh Lợi is a commune (xã) and village in Hồng Dân District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 19 families.
 Orašac (Serbian: Орашац) is a village situated in Obrenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Krzówka [ˈkʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Tokary [tɔˈkarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.The village has a population of 230.
 Vlahovići (Cyrillic: Влаховићи) is a village in the municipality of Ljubinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qeshlaq-e Hasan Kangarlu (Persian: قشلاق حسن كنگرلو ‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩasan Kangarlū; also known as Ḩasan Qeshlāqī-ye Kangarlū) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 45 families.
 Tännapere is a village in Roosna-Alliku Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Ocice [ɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (German: Ottendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Bolesławiec and 109 km (68 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 800.
 Zalma once known as Bollinger's Mill is a town on the banks of the winding Castor River at a point where the river makes a horseshoe bend in southern Bollinger County in southeast Missouri. When the railroad moved to town the name Bollinger's Mill was changed to Zalma after railroad worker Zalma Block.
 Gug Tappeh (Persian: گوگ تپه‎ also Romanized as Gūg Tappeh and Gūgtappeh) is a village in Gorgin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 9 families.
 Objazda [ɔbˈjazda] (German Wobesde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Ustka 16 km (10 mi) north of Słupsk and 107 km (66 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 905.
 Ćwiklin [ˈt͡ɕfiklin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Morawin [mɔˈravin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Doruchów 12 km (7 mi) east of Ostrzeszów and 139 km (86 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 70.
 Murang-e Yek (Persian: مورنگ 1‎ also Romanized as Mūrang-e Yek; also known as Mūrang Ebrāhīm Maḩmūdīā) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Horestaneh-ye Sofla (Persian: هرستانه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Horestāneh-ye Soflá; also known as Horestāneh-ye Pā’īn and Howrestāneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Podvrška is a village in the municipality of Kladovo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1143 people.
 Ab Gazag (Persian: اب گزگ‎ also Romanized as Āb Gazag) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran.In the 2006 census its population was 89 with 15 families.
 Żelechy [ʐɛˈlɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Sochocin 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Płońsk and 64 km (40 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Johnson City is a village in Broome County New York United States. The population was 15174 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area.The village of Johnson City is in the town of Union New York and is a part of the Triple Cities along with Endicott and Binghamton. Johnson City lies to the west of Binghamton on the eastern side of the town of Union.
 Piotrowo Pierwsze [pjɔˈtrɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Stożne [ˈstɔʐnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kalinowo 23 km (14 mi) east of Ełk and 145 km (90 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Zbytków [ˈzbɨtkuf] is a village in Gmina Strumień Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 1262 (June 2008). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
 Topilec-Kolonia [tɔˈpilɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Vargeh Pahneh (Persian: وارگه پهنه‎ also Romanized as Vārgeh Pahneh; also known as Vārkah-e Pahneh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 4 families.
 Tomaszewo [tɔmaˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Käesalu is a village in Keila Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Bioc is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 74 people.
 Chesaning is a village in Saginaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2394 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Chesaning Township.
 Cimanie [t͡ɕiˈmaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kuźnica 14 km (9 mi) north of Sokółka and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Radhi is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Ramjin Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 35 families.
 Goj [ɡɔi̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Deh-e Morghi (Persian: ده مرغي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Morghī and Deh Morghī; also known as Morghi Deh Morghi) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 35 families.
 Crne Lokve (Serbian: Црне Локве) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Hoseynabad-e Qaleh (Persian: حسين ابادقلعه‎ also Romanized as Ḩōseynābād-e Qal‘eh; also known as Ḩōseynābād) is a village in Zarrineh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 48 families.
 Pay-ye Sorkh (Persian: پاي سرخ‎ also Romanized as Pāy-ye Sorkh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Susanabad (Persian: سوسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Sūsanābād) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 38 families.
 Anaran (Persian: اناران‎ also Romanized as Anārān; also known as Anārū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mangu is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County on the island of Hiiumaa Estonia.
 Skocze [ˈskɔt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Gołdap and 126 km (78 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Slatina is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 104 people.
 Tulewo Górne [tuˈlɛvɔ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Świerzbienie [ɕfjɛʐˈbjɛɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mońki and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Arudan-e Sofla (Persian: ارودان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ārūdān-e Soflá; also known as Ārūdān) is a village in Asir Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 26 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 70 families.
 Laleh Zar Koti (Persian: لاله زاركتي‎ also Romanized as Lāleh Zār Kotī) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 14 families.
 Sierzchów [ˈɕeʂxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Bolimów 19 km (12 mi) north of Skierniewice and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ławszowa [wafˈʂɔva] (German: Lorenzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiecznica within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) north of Osiecznica 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Bolesławiec and 117 km (73 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 760.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād) is a village in Sarab Rural District Giyan District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 80 families.
 Qushchi (Persian: قوشچي‎ also Romanized as Qūshchī; also known as Qūshehī) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 923 in 191 families.
 Sakartsi is a village in the municipality of Topolovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Doruneh (Persian: درونه‎ also Romanized as Dorūneh Darooneh and Daruneh; also known as Dowrūnā and Durūna) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1569 in 393 families.
 Mina (Persian: مينا‎ also Romanized as Mīnā) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District Mahmeleh District Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Porzecze [pɔˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedziana Góra within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Miedziana Góra and 11 km (7 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 328.
 Masalakuh (Persian: مثلاكوه‎ also Romanized as Mas̄alakūh; also known as Mas̄alankūh) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 25 families.
 Turew [ˈturɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Kościan and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 760.There is an 18th-century manor house in Turew which until the Second World War belonged to the aristocratic Dryja-Chłapowski family.
 Borj-e Qaleh (Persian: برج قلعه‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Qal’eh and Borj Qal’eh; also known as Borjī Qal‘eh) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 93 families.
 Bigan (Persian: بيگان‎ also Romanized as Bīgān) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 716 in 183 families.
 Qasabestan (Persian: قصبستان‎ also Romanized as Qaşabestān and Qaşbestān; also known as Ghasabtan Kāsāhasan Kasbasān and Kāseh Ḩasan) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 81 families.
 Muthukur or Muttukuru is a village and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Chwałowice [xfawɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Pińczów and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Domaradzice [dɔmaraˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bogoria 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Staszów and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 222.
 Masha-ye 5 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 5گزاباد‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 5 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 15 families.
 Brodowo-Bąboły [brɔˈdɔvɔ bɔmˈbɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Emamzadeh Mahmud (Persian: امامزاده محمود‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Maḥmūd) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Radgoszcz [ˈradɡɔʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Międzychód and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cieszenie [t͡ɕɛˈʂɛɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielno within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Chmielno 10 km (6 mi) west of Kartuzy and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 404.
 Chehreh (Persian: چهره‎) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 744 in 203 families.
 Sirpur is a village in Mahasamund tehsil Mahasamund district Chhattisgarh India.
 Gałęzewo [ɡawɛ̃ˈzɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rogowo 13 km (8 mi) south of Żnin and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Bzury [ˈbzurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Pogo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Niono in the Ségou Region of Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 550 square kilometers and includes 18 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 16308.
 Darkhazineh (Persian: درخزينه‎ also Romanized as Darkhazīneh and Dar-i-Khazineh) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 96 families.
 Amarat (Persian: عمارت‎ also Romanized as ‘Amārat and ‘Emārāt) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 39 families.
 Bużyska [buˈʐɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Korczew 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 113 km (70 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Gökler is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Dar Mar Seyyed Mehdi (Persian: درمرصيدمهدي‎ also Romanized as Dar Mar Seyyed Mehdī; also known as Dar Mar) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Silarestan-e Olya Dam Ludab (Persian: سي لارستان عليادم لوداب‎ also Romanized as Sīlārestān-e ‘Olyā Dam Lūdāb; also known as Sīlārestān Sīlārestān-e Bālā and Sīlārestān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 10 families.
 Meadow Grove is a village in Madison County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Norfolk Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 301 at the 2010 census.
 Falka (Persian: فلكا‎ also Romanized as Falkā) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 55 families.
 Naupare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 580 people.
 Kuli Alikhan (Persian: كولي عليخان‎ also Romanized as Kūlī ‘Alīkhān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 13 families.
 Kaarmise is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western part of Estonia. The native language is Estonian.
 Poia is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Aliabad Parsaneh (Persian: علي ابادپرسانه‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Porsāneh and ‘Alīābād Parsaneh; also known as ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e Parmān) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Telihunna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pärinurme is a village in Saue Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Leszczynek [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kutno and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gajówka [ɡaˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Valuthoor is a small panchayat village located at papanasam taluk in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is 18 km from Tanjore and 22 km from Kumbakonam. The river Kudamurutti passes through this village.The prime attraction is the renowned Valuthoor Dargah (Shah Mohammed valiyullah dargah) a revered place of all faith. This Dargah few centuries old Muslim Shrine attracts Millions of pilgrims to this land irrespective of caste creed and religion.
 Długa Wieś Druga [ˈdwuɡa ˈvjɛɕ ˈdruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Stawiszyn 20 km (12 mi) north of Kalisz and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Darreh Posht (Persian: دره پشت‎) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 632 in 178 families.
 Zabawa [zaˈbava] (translation: Fun) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Radłów 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Tarnów and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kolah Hil (Persian: كلاه هيل‎ also Romanized as Kolāh Hīl) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 20 families.
 Ćićina (Serbian: Ћићина) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 238 people.
 Čivčije Bukovičke (Cyrillic: Чивчије Буковичке) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Szczęsne [ˈʂt͡ʂɛ̃snɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Keskvere is a village in Martna Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Rabas is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 150 people.
 Marireh (Persian: مريره‎ also Romanized as Marīreh) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Now Dar (Persian: نودر‎ also Romanized as Nūder) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Czechy [ˈt͡ʂɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Słomniki and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 Prabuty [praˈbutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Długosiodło 25 km (16 mi) north of Wyszków and 76 km (47 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Okoniny Nadjeziorne [ɔkɔˈninɨ nadjɛˈʑɔrnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Śliwice 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 64 km (40 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 260.
 Chudzice [xuˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Środa Wielkopolska and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Çukurören is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Hasana-ye Hajjiabad-e Hajji Ebrahim (Persian: حسناحاجي آبادابراهيم‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanā-ye Ḩājjīābād-e Ḩājjī Ebrāhīm; also known as Ḩājjīābād-e Ḩājjī Ebrāhīm and Ḩasanā) is a village in Harirud Rural District Bujgan District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 48 families.
 Ignacówka Pierwsza [iɡnaˈt͡sufka ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Trzcinica 17 km (11 mi) south of Kępno and 160 km (99 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lechanice [lɛxaˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Warka 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Grójec and 55 km (34 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 150.
 Jawor [ˈjavɔr] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Solina 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Lesko and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Hasanijeh (Persian: هسنيجه‎ also Romanized as Ḩasnījeh; also known as Ḩoseynī Ḩoseynjeh Husaini and Husni) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Mehrdasht District Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 133 families.
 Piława [piˈwava] (before 1945 ger. Pielburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Baba Marghuz (Persian: بابامرغوز‎ also Romanized as Bābā Marghūz; also known as Baba-Marguz and Bābā Mūrqūz) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Qelichabad (Persian: قليچ اباد‎ also Romanized as Qelīchābād; also known as Shahīd Honarmand and Shahīd Moḩammad Honarmand) is a village in Zavin Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1088 in 285 families.
 Parcele Łomskie [parˈt͡sɛlɛ ˈwɔmskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lipowiec Kościelny 4 km (2 mi) west of Mława and 110 km (68 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Jarchi Kandi Kuh (Persian: جارچي كندي كوه‎ also Romanized as Jārchī Kandī Kūh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 19 families.
 Al Khamrah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Alhadi (Persian: الهادي‎ also Romanized as Alhādī) is a village in Qaleh Miran Rural District in the Central District of Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 36 families.
 Mowtowr-e Garuh 15 Khordad (Persian: موتورگروه 15خرداد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Garūh 15 Khordād) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 21 families.
 Korgom is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Raudidewal is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population 3476 and had 670 houses in the village.
 Głodowo [ɡwɔˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Damnica 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 90 km (56 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 14.
 Błogie Rządowe [ˈbwɔɡʲɛ ʐɔnˈdɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Mniszków 23 km (14 mi) west of Opoczno and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stare Ślepce [ˈstarɛ ˈɕlɛpt͡sɛ] (German: Alt Schleps) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sławoborze 17 km (11 mi) north of Świdwin and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Qezel Hasar (Persian: قزل حصار‎ also Romanized as Qezel Ḩaşār and Qezel Ḩeşār; also known as Qazalshīr and Qezel Shīr) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District Pain Jam District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bayırtepe is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 141 people.
 Chahardeh-ye Pain (Persian: چهارده پائين‎ also Romanized as Chahārdeh-e Pā’īn; also known as Chārdeh-ye Pā’īn Chahār Deh Char Deh Bālā and Chehārdeh) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 10 families.
 Gabrielów [ɡaˈbrjɛluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Osjaków 18 km (11 mi) east of Wieluń and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Azadabad (Persian: ازاداباد‎ also Romanized as Azādābād) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 17 families.
 Koki Estonia is a village in Lümanda Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Zabłocie-Kolonia [zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Saare is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 15 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Chociemyśl [xɔˈt͡ɕemɨɕl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) southwest of Kotla 10 km (6 mi) northwest of Głogów and 99 km (62 mi) northwest of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Pająków [paˈjɔŋkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przyłęk 16 km (10 mi) east of Zwoleń and 108 km (67 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Kolibite is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Racławice [rat͡swaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraszewice within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 131 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sarvedan (Persian: سرودان‎ also Romanized as Sarvedān; also known as Sar Dūn Sar-e Dūn Sarv Dān and Sarverān) is a village in Hotkan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Golam Kabud-e Sofla (Persian: گلم كبودسفلي‎ also Romanized as Golam Kabūd-e Soflá; also known as Kalam Kabūd-e Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 11 families.
 Kas Nazan (Persian: كس نزان‎ also Romanized as Kas Nazān; also known as Kasan Nazān) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 122 families.
 Przysieka [pʂɨˈɕeka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Al Jadidah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Bayazidabad (Persian: بايزيد آباد‎ also Romanized as Bāyazīdābād) is a village in Obatu Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 40 families.
 Emarat (Persian: عمارت‎ also Romanized as ‘Emārat and ‘Emāret; also known as ‘Emārat-e Mollā-ye Anār Imārat and Mollā Anār) is a village in Khesht Rural District Khesht District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 15 families.
 Seyyed Qeshlaqi (Persian: سيدقشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Qeshlāqī; also known as Seyyedqeshlāqī) is a village in Vargahan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Winneconne is a village in Winnebago County Wisconsin United States. The population was 2383 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Winneconne. The Wolf River runs through the village.
 Talal (Persian: تلل‎; also known as Jalal) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 40 families.
 Ljubovčići is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Posada [pɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Słupca and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mehtarlu (Persian: مهترلو‎ also Romanized as Mehtarlū; also known asMehdī Yārī Mekhtiāri and Mekhtyari) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 881 in 186 families.
 Qareh Saqqal (Persian: قره سقال‎ also Romanized as Qareh Saqqāl; also known as Qareh Saqāl) is a village in Baruq Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 737 in 152 families.
 Dul Qeshlaqi (Persian: دول قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Dūl Qeshlāqī) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 16 families.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 63 families.
 Chomątowo [xɔmɔnˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dolenja Vas (Slovene: Dolenja vas German: Niederdorf) is a village southwest of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
 Dobrotin is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 321 people.
 Mabanur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Strzelęcin [stʂɛˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Chodzież and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 97.
 Alakola-ela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Stawinoga [staviˈnɔɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Zatory 14 km (9 mi) south of Pułtusk and 42 km (26 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Karabük is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Sierra Morena (English translation: Brown Mountain Range) is a Cuban village and consejo popular (popular council) of the municipality of Corralillo Villa Clara Province.
 Tymieniec-Jastrząb [tɨˈmjɛɲɛt͡s ˈjastʂɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Basznia Górna [ˈbaʂɲa ˈɡurna] (Ukrainian: Башня Горішня Bashnia Horishnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lubaczów and 90 km (56 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 447.
 Samat is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 526 people.
 Okleśna [ɔˈklɛɕna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Alwernia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Alwernia 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 957.
 Koranattukarupur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Mazraeh-ye Sabz Dasht (Persian: مزرعه سبز دشت‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sabz Dasht) is a village in Khorramdarreh Rural District in the Central District of Khorramdarreh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Võerdla is a village in Jõelähtme Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Zalissia (Ukrainian: Залісся) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Baziari (Persian: بازياري‎ also Romanized as Bāzīārī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1330 in 253 families.
 Ruhotina (Cyrillic: Рухотина) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Grzegórzki [ɡʐɛˈɡuʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nidzica and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Zagorzyn [zaˈɡɔʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 860.
 Posht Tappeh (Persian: پشت تپه‎ also Romanized as Poshttapeh) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 22 families.
 Kond Rud (Persian: كندرود‎ also Romanized as Kond Rūd; also known as Kand Roodé Arvanagh Kondor Kondo Rūd Kondūr Kundur Kyundur and Sarkand Rūd) is a village in Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 580 in 187 families.
 Ozren (Ilijaš) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Crookstown (Irish An Baile Gallda town of the invader or foreigner) is a small village in County Cork about six miles east of the town of Macroom and about 1 km off the N22 Cork-Killarney road.The village once had a thriving mill though the area is now better known for its brick and concrete factory at Castlemore. Nearby is the ruin of Crookstown Castle once home to one of the branches of the McSweeney clan. Crookstown is a typical rural Irish village.
 Laharem Taluk (Persian: لهرم تلوك‎ also Romanized as Lahārem Talūk and Lahārom Talūk) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 837 in 218 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Rajab Ali Lahrasabi (Persian: مزرعه رجبعلي لهراسبي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Rajab ‘Alī Lahrāsabī) is a village in Dorudzan Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 12 families.
 Kłódzie [ˈkwud͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Skórzec 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 72 km (45 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 240.
 Elmacık Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Cheshmeh Gorgi (Persian: چشمه گرگي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gorgī and Chashmeh Gorgi; also known as Chashmeh Gogird Chashmeh Gorgīr and Cheshmeh Gorgīr) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 14 families.
 Ganapur is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3775 and had 735 houses in the town.
 Gliny [ˈɡlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sadin Kola (Persian: سعدين كلا‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dīn Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 105 families.
 Gosabal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Charkhalan (Persian: چرخلان‎ also Romanized as Charkhalān) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nesargi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Basabitti is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4153 people living in 824 individual households.
 Akpınar is a village in the District of Başmakçı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey. According to the 2010 census it had a population of 375 people. It lies on the south shore of Lake Acıgöl near the border with the districts of Burdur and Denizli.
 Orahovljani (Donji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Podjałówka [pɔdjaˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Gornja Glama is a village in the municipality of Bela Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 34 people.
 Qarakh Bolagh (Persian: قرخبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarakh Bolāgh) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Niekrasy [ɲeˈkrasɨ] (German: Niekrassen (1938-45:Krassau)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Ełk and 119 km (74 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 30.
 Derazi (Persian: درازي‎ also Romanized as Derāzī; also known as Bunneh Darāzi and Bunneh-ye Darājī) is a village in Khvormuj Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 857 in 221 families.
 Chah-e Vatan Dust (Persian: چاه وطن دوست‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Vaṭan Dūst) is a village in Yunesi Rural District Yunesi District Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lowzu (Persian: لوزو‎ also Romanized as Lowzū) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Sini (Persian: سيني‎ also Romanized as Sīnī) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1314 in 276 families.
 Kuge is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Napar (Persian: نپر‎; also known as Nafar) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yadabad-e Sofla (Persian: يادابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Yādābād-e Soflá; also known as Yādābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 20 families.
 Wólka Wojnowska [ˈvulka vɔi̯ˈnɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ćmielów 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 210.
 Phong Thủy is a commune (xã) and village in Lệ Thủy District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Maradki [maˈratki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sorkwity 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Mrągowo and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 130.
 Chełpa [ˈxɛu̯pa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Choszczno and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Prohići (Serbian: Прохићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Osnówka [ɔsˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Perlejewo 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kocapınar Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Đeletovci is a village in the municipality of Nijemci within the Vukovar-Srijem County Croatia. It had a population of 684 people in the 2001 census.The village is located on the Zagreb-Belgrade Railway.The village is best known for oil fields located in the vicinity owned by INA. The village is inhabited mostly Catholic Croats.Đeletovci was occupied by Yugoslavian army and by Republic of Serb Krajina forces on October 1 1991.
 Dutluca Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Geliguran (Persian: گلي گوران‎ also Romanized as Gelīgūrān; also known as Golī Kūrān Gūrān Kolī Gūrān Kolī Gūrūn and Kooran) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 21 families.
 Satamrai is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.
 Qoroq (Persian: قرق‎) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 35 families.
 Krasne [ˈkrasnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Vapa is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 230 people.
 Mansurlu (Persian: منصورلو‎ also Romanized as Manşūrlū; also known as Tappeh-ye Manşūrlū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Kabagöz is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 773 people.
 Rzeczyca [ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Točionik is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mazraeh-ye Mahbati (Persian: مزرعه محبتي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Maḩbatī) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 11 families.
 Szafarnia [ʂaˈfarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kurzętnik 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Drozdowo [drɔzˈdɔvɔ] (German: Hohen Drosedow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Karnice 18 km (11 mi) north of Gryfice and 80 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Võlle is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Szklarnia [ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 83.
 Pękanino [pɛnkaˈninɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Białogard and 115 km (71 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Tinthana is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 9726 .
 Aliabad-e Olya (Persian: علي ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālīābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 41 families.
 Łaźniewek [waʑˈɲɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jurqin (Persian: جورقين‎ also Romanized as Jūrqīn) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 55 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Kamarzard (Persian: حسين آباد كمرزرد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kamarzard; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseynābād-e Zard Kamar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 32 families.
 Kruszyna [kruˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Adg (Persian: ادگ‎ also Romanized as Adk) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 134 families.
 Pławienko [pwaˈvjɛnkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Bierzwnik 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Barab (Persian: براب‎ also Romanized as Barāb) is a village in Bakhtajerd Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 733 in 177 families.
 Rudnik [ˈrudnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Szamotuły and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Keklicek is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Bujnów-Kolonia [ˈbui̯nuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Złoczew 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mowtowr-e Rasul Bakhsh Fatiyeh Mohammad (Persian: موتور رسول بخش فتيح محمد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Rsūl Bakhsh Fatīyeḩ Moḩammad) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Khvajeh Jamali (Persian: خواجه جمالي‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Jamālī) is a village in Khesht Rural District Khesht District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 73 families.
 Wąsowo [vɔ̃ˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Nowy Tomyśl and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1100.
 Šantarovac is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 453 people.
 Chah-e Jelalabad (Persian: چاه جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Jelālābād) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gora Veternička is a village in Croatia.
 Tarnawa [tarˈnava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Zabór and 14 km (9 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Putini Croatia is a village in Croatia.
 Hoseynabad-e Pashmi (Persian: حسين ابادپشمي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Pashmī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Garizat Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Churmaq (Persian: چورمق‎ also Romanized as Chūrmaq and Chowrmaq; also known as Choormagh Sardrood) is a village in Boghrati Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1834 in 403 families.
 Barchaczów [barˈxat͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Łabunie 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Zamość and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 460.
 Pitomnik is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
 Ketenyeri Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 331 people.
 Parcheh Qeshlaq (Persian: پارچه قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Pārcheh Qeshlāq) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Al-Shuna was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 30 1948 by the Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 6 km south of Safad overlooking the deep gorge of Wadi al-'Amud.In 1945 the village had a total population of 170. The village had a school and a mosque. Today a wildlife sanctuary known as the Nachal 'Amud Reserve is located in the vicinity.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Satkaya is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Degagah (Persian: دگاگاه‎ also Romanized as Degāgāh; also known as Dagāgā Degāgā and Deqāqeh) is a village in Razab Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1061 in 267 families.
 Anbaq-e Javad (Persian: انباق جواد‎ also Romanized as Anbāq-e Javād; also known as Anbāq-e Pā'īn) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 18 families.
 Kashanbeh-ye Lak (Persian: كاشنبه لك‎ also Romanized as Kāshanbeh-ye Lak) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 33 families.
 Amir Kalayeh (Persian: اميركلايه‎ also Romanized as Amīr Kalāyeh; also known as Amīr Kolā) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 16 families.
 Sople [ˈsɔplɛ] (Ukrainian: Соплі Sopli) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Wielkie Oczy 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Lubaczów and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Piazabad (Persian: پيازاباد‎ also Romanized as Pīāzābād and Peyāzābād) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 12 families.
 Chynowo [xɨˈnɔvɔ] (formerly German Chinnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Wolin 10 km (6 mi) west of Kamień Pomorski and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Syalagadi is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3182 people living in 552 individual households.
 Rosen Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Jangamgudem is a village in Nuzvid mandal in Krishna District in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. As of 2001 it had a population of 2164 in 563 households.Tukkuluru Devaragunta and Hareshchandrapuram are nearby villages. Chowdaries and other scheduled caste scheduled tribe and other Backward Class residents live in this village. It is located 6 km from the city Nuzvid and 3 km from the Nuzvid-Hanuman junction. Lord Rama and Sivanagendra temples are located in the village.
 Donja Kravarica is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 459 people.
 Glavica is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D38 highway.
 Gruszka [ˈɡruʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Płośnica 10 km (6 mi) west of Działdowo and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Kośminy [kɔɕˈminɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Siennica 12 km (7 mi) south of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 42 km (26 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kalwaria Pacławska [kalˈvarja pat͡sˈwafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Fredropol 18 km (11 mi) south of Przemyśl and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 78.
 Namdaw is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Mekalmaradi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ernestowo [ɛrnɛsˈtɔvɔ] (German: Ernsthof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Yahyaabad (Persian: يحيي اباد‎ also Romanized as Yaḩyáābād) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 8 families.
 Mobarakeh (Persian: مباركه‎ also Romanized as Mobārakeh) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1268 in 310 families.
 Balat is a village in the District of Didim Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1110 people.
 Podborek [pɔdˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytwiany within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Rytwiany 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Staszów and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 174.
 Shirin Kand (Persian: شيرين كند‎ also Romanized as Shīrīn Kand) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Bard-e Guri (Persian: بردگوري‎ also Romanized as Bard-e Gūrī) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 17 families.
 Duwakot is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5157 with 905 houses in it.Located near the Changunarayan Temple and on the shore of holy river Manohara Duwakot is one of the developed villages in Kathmandu Valley. It is surrounded by Changunarayan V.D.C.in north;Bhaktapur Municipality in south ; Jhaukhel V.D.C. in east and Madhyapur Thimi Municipality in west.
 Azghad (Persian: ازغد‎; also known as Azghand) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 140 families.
 Golestaneh (Persian: گلستانه‎ also Romanized as Golestāneh) is a village in Qohrud Rural District Qamsar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Contralmirante Cordero is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Halak Dar Khadarham (Persian: هلاك درخدارحم‎ also Romanized as Halāḵ Dar Khadārḥam) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Abbinahole is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hiriyur taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Mosty [ˈmɔstɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Chęciny and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 130.
 Palitpur is a small village located near Burdwan town in Bardhaman district. It is famous for Ashram and Samādhi (tomb) of Tibbetibaba a famous saint of India.
 Wartule [varˈtulɛ] (German Fahrentholz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Stary Dzierzgoń 24 km (15 mi) east of Sztum and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 30.
 Lenartowo [lɛnarˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Jeziora Wielkie 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Mogilno and 64 km (40 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 140.
 Alkalu (Persian: الكلو‎ also Romanized as Ālkalū) is a village in Sara Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 84 families.
 Nielisz [ˈɲeliʂ] is a village in Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nielisz. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Zamość and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 920.
 Salmaniyeh (Persian: سلمانيه‎ also Romanized as Salmānīyeh) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 474 in 102 families.
 Hồng Giang is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Ngạn District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Chal Qaleh (Persian: چال قلعه‎ also Romanized as Chāl Qal‘eh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 8 families.
 Izvorovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Walawa [vaˈlava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orły within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Przemyśl and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dylów Rządowy [ˈdɨluf ʐɔnˈdɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Chelan (Persian: چلان‎ also Romanized as Chelān) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Belden is a village in Cedar County Nebraska United States. The population was 115 at the 2010 census.
 Yawzu is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 19 families.
 Mohrdar (Persian: مهردار‎ also Romanized as Mohrdār) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 50 families.
 Neyneh (Persian: نينه‎ also Romanized as Nīneh; also known as Naina) is a village in Khurheh Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 65 families.
 Katik Lahijan (Persian: كتيك لاهيجان‎ also Romanized as Katīk Lāhījān and Katīk-e Lāhījān; also known as Katak) is a village in Luleman Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 807 in 234 families.
 Faqirabad (Persian: فقيراباد‎ also Romanized as Faqīrābād; also known as Faghir Abad) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 96 families.
 Donbeh-ye Olya (Persian: دنبه عليا‎ also Romanized as Donbeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Donbeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 14 families.
 Chocim [ˈxɔt͡ɕim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prudnik within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Prudnik and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Qaleh-ye Darab Khan (Persian: قلعه داراب خان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Dārāb Khān) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 541 in 119 families.
 Osowa Łaszewska [ɔˈsɔva waˈʂɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Noseite is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Gniewoszów [ɡɲeˈvɔʂuf] (German: Seitendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland on Central Sudetes mountain range. Prior to 1945 it used to belong to Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Międzylesie 27 kilometres (17 mi) south of Kłodzko and 108 kilometres (67 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dul Abza (Persian: دول ابزا‎ also Romanized as Dūl Ābzā) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 15 families.
 Chah-e Payih (Persian: چاه پايه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pāyīh) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Csányoszró is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Göçeri is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Wrociszów Górny [vrɔˈt͡ɕiʂuf ˈɡurnɨ] (German: Ober Rudelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Now Bonyad-e Gonbadli (Persian: نوبنيادگنبدلي‎ also Romanized as Now Bonyād-e Gonbadlī; also known as Now Bonyād) is a village in Khangiran Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 501 in 123 families.
 Kamień Mały [ˈkamjɛɲ ˈmawɨ] (German: Stein B) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Shisharestan (Persian: شي شارستان‎ also Romanized as Shīshārestān; also known as Shesh Ārestān) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 619 in 174 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Dabbaghha (Persian: تلمبه دباغها‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Dabbāghhā) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hasvik is a village in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located on the southwestern tip of the large island of Sørøya. The village lies about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the municipal centre of Breivikbotn. The main church for the municipality Hasvik Church has been located here since the early 1700s.This village has Hasvik's only connections to the rest of Norway: Hasvik Airport and a car ferry to Øksfjord (in Loppa) on the mainland.
 Barandare is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gardekan (Persian: گردكان‎ also Romanized as Gardekān) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 49 families.
 Pridvorica (in Serbian Cyrillic Придворица) is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Bojnik and the district of Jablanica. In 2002 it had 951 inhabitants of which 919 were Serbs (96.63%) and 30 Romani (3.15%).The village of Pridvorica is on the banks of the Pusta River a tributary of the Južna Morava.
 Uppoor is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Udupi taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Husayniyah is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Trzcianka [ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Tłuchowo 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Lipno and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Aziziyeh (Persian: عزيزيه‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzīyeh) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 15 families.
 Radinovac is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 75 people.
 Lozano (Jujuy) is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Czartówiec [t͡ʂarˈtuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Geldern-Kapellen is a town of about 2700 people in northwest Germany near the border of the Netherlands. Since 1969 the village has been a part of the city of Geldern. The area Kapellen lies in the Niederrhein (Lower Rhine) in the northwest part of German Federal State of Nordrhein-Westfalen. The village is approximately 45 miles (72 km) from Düsseldorf 10 miles (16 km) from the Rhine River at Xanten and 111 miles (180 km) from Amsterdam Netherlands.
 Wierzchominko [vjɛʂxɔˈminkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Będzino 15 km (9 mi) west of Koszalin and 125 km (78 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Akçatepe is a village in the District of Tut Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Lapsiphedi is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5040 and had 919 households in it.
 Natać Wielka [ˈnatat͡ɕ ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Ławeczko Nowe [waˈvɛt͡ʂkɔ ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Zwoleń and 112 km (70 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Kip is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D5 highway.
 Qeshlaq-e Hoseyn Narimani (Persian: قشلاق حسين نريماني‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩoseyn Narīmānī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Chah-e Haj Mahmood (Persian: چاه حاج محمود ‎) is a village in Dumak Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Shomareh-ye Seh (Persian: حسين ابادشماره 3‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Shomāreh-ye Seh; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Dasht-e Mehran (Persian: دشت مهران‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Mehrān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 999 in 196 families.
 Mahmudabad-e Zardab (Persian: محمودابادزرداب‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Zardāb) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 76 families.
 Rapaty [raˈpatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Rybno 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 60.
 Kalat (Persian: كلات‎ also Romanized as Kalāt; also known as Kalāt-e Yek) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 14 families.
 Beli Kamen is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 508 people.
 Potencjonów [pɔtɛnt͡sˈjɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Szentmargitfalva is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Deh-e Mir (Persian: ده مير‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mīr Deh-i-Mīr and Deh Mīr; also known as Deh-e Mīz) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 30 families.
 Wysogotówek [vɨsɔɡɔˈtuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kotlin 9 km (6 mi) east of Jarocin and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The German name for this town was Weißkotten during the Third Reich occupation and presumably under the Kingdom of Prussia during most of the 1800s.
 Deh Bagh (Persian: ده باغ‎ also Romanized as Deh Bāgh; also known as Deh Bākh) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 36 families.
 Moradi (Persian: مرادي‎ also Romanized as Morādī) is a village in Dulab Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 68 families.
 Darreh Tefi (Persian: دره تفي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Tefī Darreh Tofī Darreh Tafī and Darreh-ye Tefī; also known as Darreh Taghi Darreh Taqī and Darreh Tufi) is a village in Zarivar Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 959 in 218 families.
 Edappalam is a small village located in the western part of Palakkad district Kerala India ( Palakkad - Malappuram border ) situated along the banks of famous river Kunthippuzha. A feature of Edappalam is the traditional festivals like 'Kalarikkal Aaratu' and the annual 'Rayiranallur Malakayattam' which has long historical beliefs. Several ancient and historical temples and mosques are located here. For more details visit www.edappalam.tk
 Stary Jaromierz [ˈstarɨ jaˈrɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kargowa within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Khamar-e Qalandaran (Persian: خمرقلندران‎ also Romanized as Khamār-e Qalandarān; also known as Khamār) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District Jenah District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 22 families.
 Tang Koreh (Persian: تنگ کره‎; also known as Kohreh and Rashīdābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 72 families.
 La Chiquita is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Gazan Ashehi (Persian: گزان اشه اي‎ also Romanized as Gazān Āshehī; also known as Gazān Hāshtī) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 23 families.
 Agappola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sinjwan (Arabic: سنجوان‎) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Latakia Governorate located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Sqoubin Baksa and al-Qanjarah to the north Sitmarkho to the northeast Burj al-Qasab to the northwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Sinjwan had a population of 3163 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.
 Kuczki-Kolonia [ˈkut͡ʂki kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gózd within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gózd 13 km (8 mi) east of Radom and 97 km (60 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Soko (Gračanica) is a village in the municipality of Gračanica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shedbal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Bargłówka [barˈɡwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bargłów Kościelny 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Augustów and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Szczepów [ˈʂt͡ʂɛpuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Żukowice 14 km (9 mi) west of Głogów and 101 km (63 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chimthane is a small village in the state of Maharashtra India. It is located in the Sindkheda taluka of Dhule District in Maharashtra.
 Zarjeh Bostan (Persian: زرجه بستان‎ also Romanized as Zarjeh Bostān) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 122 families.
 Borów [ˈbɔruf] (Ukrainian: Борів Boriv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Gorzków 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Krasnystaw and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Slanice is a village in the municipality of Cukalat in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Kahak-e Esfij (Persian: كهك اسفيج‎ also Romanized as Kahak-e Esfīj) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 89 families.
 Orkusz [ˈɔrkuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Prabuty 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 320.
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęty within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Kęty 16 km (10 mi) south of Oświęcim and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3 272.
 Kin is a village in Rajanpur District Punjab of central Pakistan. It is located on the western side (right bank) of the Indus River at the edge of the flood plain. Kin is in the Mazāri tribal area and under the jurisdiction of the Shaikhwāli Police Post. It is about half way between Rajanpur to the northeast and Kashmore to the southwest just off of the Indus Highway (N55).
 Vengarai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Adavigollarahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chitradurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Przeździecko-Grzymki [pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ ˈɡʐɨmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Andrzejewo 23 km (14 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 110 km (68 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 130.
 Nowe Opole [ˈnɔvɛ ɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Siedlce and 81 km (50 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 800.
 Jesiona [jɛˈɕɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 121 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qanqanlu (Persian: قانقانلو‎ also Romanized as Qānqānlū and Ghanghanloo; also known as Kānglū) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 61 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Mumnayi (Persian: تلمبه مومنائي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mūmnāyī) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Barzah (Persian: سربرزه‎) is a village in Horr Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 48 families.
 Kherbet al-Sawda (Arabic: خربة السودا) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Kherbet al-Sawda had a population of 124 in the 2004 census.
 Yavorets is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Baghestan-e Kandehi (Persian: باغستان كنده اي‎ also Romanized as Bāghestān-e Kandeh’ī; also known as Kandai Kandeh Kandī and Kondeh) is a village in Kuhmareh Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 164 families.
 Loužnice is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Goślub-Osada [ˈɡɔɕlup ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Ketendere Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 437 people.
 Wierzchowo [vjɛʂˈxɔvɔ] (Kashubian: Wierzchòwò; German Firchau Virchow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Człuchów and 116 km (72 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 331.
 Savad Jan (Persian: سوادجان‎ also Romanized as Savād Jān; also known as Savār Jān) is a village in Hureh Rural District Saman District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1389 in 370 families.
 Szeszupka [ʂɛˈʂupka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Jeleniewo 18 km (11 mi) north of Suwałki and 126 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Darvaz (Persian: درواز‎ also Romanized as Darvāz; also known as Darvāzeh) is a village in Kamal Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 29 families.
 Balkaya is a village in the District of Sincik Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Horodok (Ukrainian: Городок) is a village in Rivne Raion Rivne Oblast Ukraine. As of the year 2001 the community had 2719 residents.Village remembers Kresowa księga sprawiedliwych on page 87 (Horodok Rіvne Raion).
 Biskupiec [bisˈkupjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Gollagudem is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Moshtaqin (Persian: مشتقين‎ also Romanized as Moshtaqīn; also known as Meshgīn Ḩaq Meshgīn Ḩaqq Meshkandzhik Meshkanjik Meshkīnjeq and Meshkīnjīk) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 76 families.
 Ferhatlı Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 59 people.
 Zacharzyce [zaxaˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 118.
 Kotkeh (Persian: كتكه‎) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 13 families.
 Asad Khan (Persian: اسدخان‎ also Romanized as Asad Khān) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 17 families.
 Włodzice Wielkie [vwɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Walditz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Lwówek Śląski and 105 km (65 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Qurt Darreh (Persian: قورت دره‎ also Romanized as Qūrt Darreh) is a village in Taghamin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 24 families.
 Masir Mahalleh (Persian: مصيرمحله‎ also Romanized as Masīr Maḩalleh; also known as Masīr Maḩalleh-ye Bālā Maşīr Maḩalleh-ye Bālā and Moşber Maḩalleh) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 64 families.
 Andarud-e Olya (Persian: اندرودعليا‎ also Romanized as Andarūd-e ‘Olyā Andarūd ‘Olyā and Andrūd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Andarūd Andarūd-e Bālā and Andrūd-e Bālā) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Markazi Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 31 families.
 Feyzollahabad (Persian: فيض اله اباد‎ also Romanized as Feyz̤ollahābād) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 12 families.
 Goli (Persian: گلي‎ also Romanized as Golī) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1222 in 318 families.
 Kopaniny [kɔpaˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyrów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przyrów 26 km (16 mi) east of Częstochowa and 70 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 38.
 Qizleq (Persian: قيزلق‎ also Romanized as Qīzleq; also known as Qezleq) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Sztynort Mały [ˈʂtɨnɔrt ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Węgorzewo and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 60.
 Wereszczyn [vɛˈrɛʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rybienko [rɨˈbjɛnkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gniewino 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Barany [baˈranɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Półwiesk Mały [ˈpuu̯vjɛsk ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wąpielsk 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Rypin and 44 km (27 mi) east of Toruń.
 Rikhak-e Sofla (Persian: ريخك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rīkhak-e Soflá; also known as Haft Sahmī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 23 families.
 Markin (Persian: ماركين‎ also Romanized as Mārkīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 20 families.
 Terespol [tɛˈrɛspɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Rakoniewice 18 km (11 mi) south of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Al-Shir (Arabic: الشير‎) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Latakia Governorate located south of Latakia. Nearby localities include Baksa and Sqoubin to the north Fideo to the east and Hanadi al-Bassah and Bustan al-Basha to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics al-Shir had a population of 2129 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.
 Turanovac is a village in Croatia.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Porwity [pɔrˈvitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Opatówek 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kolga-Aabla is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia on the territory of Lahemaa National Park. It's located on the Juminda Peninsula.
 Dobrogoszcz [dɔˈbrɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Szczecinek and 144 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Zia ol Din-e Olya (Persian: ضياالدين عليا‎ also Romanized as Ẕīā’ ol Dīn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ẕīā’ od Dīn-e Bālā Ẕīā’ ed Dīn-e Bālā and Ẕīā od Dīn-e Bālā) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 434 in 107 families.
 Zaman Mahalleh (Persian: زمان محله‎ also Romanized as Zamān Maḩalleh; also known as Zamānī Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 28 families.
 Sedlice (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Chehel Gacheh (Persian: چهل گاچه‎ also Romanized as Chehel Gācheh; also known as Chehel Kācheh) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 17 families.
 Archang (Persian: ارچنگ‎) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1830 in 523 families.
 Dobrzankowo [dɔbʐanˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Przasnysz and 86 km (53 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Bommasamudram is a village in Chittoor district Andhra Pradesh. It is situated on the Andhra Pradesh-Tamil Nadu border 23 kilometres (14 mi) from Chittoor the district headquarters and 18 kilometres (11 mi) from Vellore in Tamil Nadu. This village is also called 44 Bommasamudram.
 Baqerlu (Persian: باقرلو‎ also Romanized as Bāqerlū) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 12 families.
 Siedliszowice [ɕɛdliʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Żabno 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Tarnów and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Nagarasampettai is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Hoseynabad-e Sheykh (Persian: حسين ابادشيخ‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sheykh) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 29 families.
 Basdei is a village in India. It is located in Surguja district of the state of Chhattisgarh. It is 53 kilometers from district headquarters Ambikapur. This village is known in the region for Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya school.
 Góreczno [ɡuˈrɛt͡ʂnɔ] (German: Bergvorwerk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau) within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Głogówek (Glogow) 21 km (13 mi) east of Prudnik and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Białęcino [bjawɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ] (formerly German Balenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Malechowo 13 km (8 mi) south of Sławno and 165 km (103 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jabalkandi (Persian: جبل كندي‎ also Romanized as Jabalkandī) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 404 in 119 families.
 Glinki Mokre [ˈɡlinki ˈmɔkrɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Okonek 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Złotów and 132 km (82 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Lepaste is a village in Nissi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Patterson is a village in Hardin County Ohio United States. The population was 139 at the 2010 census.
 Jasenica is a village in the municipality of Žitorađa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 989 people.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jabłonna [jaˈbwɔnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wyśmierzyce 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Białobrzegi and 75 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Nadivi (Kannada: ನಡಿವಿ ) is a village in the Siraguppa taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka state India.
 Popraykovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Balakhu is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3703 living in 677 individual households.
 Warzęgowo [vaʐɛŋˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of Wołów and 37 km (23 mi) northwest of the regional capital Wrocław.In near forest lie rubbles of lignite mine.
 Heydarabad-e Meyheh (Persian: حيدرابادميهه‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Meyheh) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 40 families.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Varqeh Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 28 families.
 Dębowa Góra [dɛmˈbɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-east of Kutno and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 150.
 Derakht-e Sefidar (Persian: درخت سفيدار‎ also Romanized as Derakht-e Sefīdār; also known as Sefīd Dāl) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 39 families.
 Dobieszowice [dɔbjɛʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Walce 13 km (8 mi) south of Krapkowice and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mardasavas (Merkinė) is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 34 people.
 Trzcińskie [ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Kolno and 99 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 76.
 Lindsay is a village in Platte County Nebraska United States. The population was 255 at the 2010 census.
 Aliabad-e Basab (Persian: علي ابادبساب‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Basāb; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 21 families.
 Šipovljani (Serbian: Шиповљани) is a village in the municipality of Drvar Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Libang is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Banhalan-e Bala (Persian: بان هلان بالا‎ also Romanized as Bānhalān-e Bālā; also known as Bānhalān) is a village in Dustan Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 47 families.
 Darenjan (Persian: دارنجان‎ also Romanized as Dārenjān) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 12 families.
 Nowe Dłutówko [ˈnɔvɛ dwuˈtufkɔ] (German: Dlotowken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Konywa is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Esna (German: Orrisaar) is a village in Roosna-Alliku Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Kolaleh Chin (Persian: كلاله چين‎ also Romanized as Kolāleh Chīn) is a village in Chendar Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 19 families.
 Timoleague (Irish: Tigh Molaige meaning house of Molaga) is a village in the eastern division of Carbery East in County Cork Ireland located along Ireland's southern coast near Courtmacsherry. It is about 17 km (11 mi) south of Bandon and 48 km (30 mi) from Cork on the R600 coastal road.
 Karajabad (Persian: كرج اباد‎ also Romanized as Karajābād; also known as Chīzābād) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1947 in 420 families.
 Azhikode is a coastal village situated in Kannur district of Kerala south India. The place is the birthplace of Sukumar Azhikode an influential thinker and literary critic. It is about 5 km from Kannur.
 Orlje is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 255 people.
 Cieśnisk Wielki [ˈt͡ɕɛɕnisk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Janów 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Rybitwy [rɨˈbitfɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Łubowo 18 km (11 mi) west of Gniezno and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kothad is an island near Kochi surrounded by river Periyar. It is a part of Kadamakkudy grama panchyath Kanayannur Taluk Ernakulam District in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Bafai is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2207 and had 373 houses.
 Kamierowo [kamjɛˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Skarszewy 15 km (9 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 221.
 Antoniny [antɔˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Nowe Krasnodęby [ˈnɔvɛ krasnɔˈdɛmbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Aleksandrów Łódzki 18 km (11 mi) west of Zgierz and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 110.
 Patan is a village in Unnao district in the state of Uttar Pradesh India.
 Fjellfoten is a village in the municipality of Nes Akershus Norway. Its population (2005) is 1006.
 Jaśkowo-Leśniczówka [jaɕˈkɔvɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was called Jäskendorf and was part of East Prussia in Germany.
 Kalkali-ye Now (Persian: كلكلي نو‎ also Romanized as Kalkalī-ye Now) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 74 families.
 Goszczyce Poświętne [ɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Baboszewo 14 km (9 mi) north of Płońsk and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ortonville is a village in north Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The village is within Brandon Township although some development near the village lies within adjacent Groveland Township and Hadley Township. The population was 1442 at the 2010 census.
 Seh Eshgaftan Sabzi (Persian: سه اشگفتان سبزي‎ also Romanized as Seh Eshgaftān Sabzī; also known as Sarash Gaft Sar Eshgaft Seh Eshgaftān and Seh Eshkaftan) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Bondsville is a village and former census-designated place (CDP) located primarily in the town of Palmer in Hampden County in the western part of the U.S. state of Massachusetts. The CDP boundaries extend slightly into the adjacent town of Belchertown in Hampshire County. The population of the CDP was 1876 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Springfield Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Kamień Śląski [ˈkamjɛɲ ˈɕlɔ̃ski] (German: Gross Stein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Gogolin 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Krapkowice and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1500.
 Aušra is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 474 people.
 Shahrak-e Malek-e Ashtar (Persian: شهرك مالك اشتر‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Mālek-e Ashtar; also known as Mālek-e Ashtar) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 34 families.
 Maraghiyeh (Persian: مراغيه‎ also Romanized as Marāghīyeh) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Athani (Tamil: அதானி ) is a village in the Aranthangi revenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kolah Barreh (Persian: كله بره‎ also Romanized as Kolāh Barreh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Blue Springs is a village in Union County Mississippi United States. Located near Tupelo in northeastern Mississippi the village had a population of 144 at the 2000 census. It is the site of Toyota Motor Manufacturing Mississippi Toyota's eighth North American vehicle assembly plant.
 Ciemień [ˈt͡ɕɛmjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Chahardahi-ye Sohrab (Persian: چهاردهي سهراب‎ also Romanized as Chahārdahī-ye Sohrāb) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 40 families.
 Karimabad-e Sardar (Persian: كريم ابادسردار‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Sardār) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 23 families.
 Tumar Kandi (Persian: توماركندي‎ also Romanized as Tūmār Kandī; also known as Qeshlāq-e Tūmār Şādeq and Tūmār) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 20 families.
 Ciemniewo [t͡ɕemˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sochocin 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Płońsk and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Čečava (Serbian Cyrillic: Чечава) is a village in the municipality of Teslić Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sihaung Ashe is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Iila is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Darvazeh (Persian: دروازه‎ also Romanized as Darvāzeh and Darwāzeh) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Eslamabad-e Bagh-e Nar (Persian: اسلام ابادباغ نار‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Bāgh-e Nār; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 55 families.
 Vintse is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.sv:Padis#Byar
 Khopasi is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3453 in 676 individual households.
 Bhanu Nepal is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12540.
 Podhorodnianka [pɔtxɔrɔdˈɲaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Suchowola 39 km (24 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kalateh-ye Yadegar (Persian: كلاته يادگار‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Yādegār) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wałdowo [vau̯ˈdɔvɔ] (German: Waldau B) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kisielice within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Heris (Persian: هريس‎ also Romanized as Herīs; also known as Hīrīz and Rīz) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 68 families.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Ciepielów 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Lipsko and 115 km (71 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Goruńsko [ɡɔˈruɲskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bledzew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bledzew 14 km (9 mi) west of Międzyrzecz 30 km (19 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 61 km (38 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Nigalchula is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2443 people living in 418 individual households.
 Kiyokawa (清川村 Kiyokawa-mura) is a village located in Aikō District Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. As of June 2012 the village had an estimated population of 3359 and a population density of 47.1 persons per km². The total area is 71.29 km².
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Razan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Sang Si-ye Do (Persian: سنگ سي2‎ also Romanized as Sang Sī-ye Do) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 8 families.
 Miodary [mjɔˈdarɨ] (German: Hönigern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 119.
 Ajan Yili (Persian: اجن يلي‎ also Romanized as Ājan Yīlī) is a village in Aq Su Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 738 in 163 families.
 Zacisze [zaˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Turobów [tuˈrɔbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Czerniewice 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Yaylapınar is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Williamsburg is a village in Sierra County New Mexico United States. The population was 527 at the 2000 census. The village though small is located conveniently adjacent to Truth or Consequences and has essentially become a suburb. Though the town is experiencing moderate growth now especially along I-25 in the near future there is a high possibility of its becoming a booming bedroom community for lakesiders from Elephant Butte.
 Puerto Eva Perón is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Huta Kuflewska [ˈxuta kuˈflɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 55 km (34 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Rizlan (Persian: ريزلان‎ also Romanized as Rīzlān) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Stary Raduszec [ˈstarɨ raˈduʂɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Krosno Odrzańskie and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Jaberi (Persian: جابري‎ also Romanized as Jāberī) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 32 families.
 Zamindar (Persian: زمين در‎ also Romanized as Zamīndar) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 45 families.
 Al Qa'im is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Andapuram is a village in the Namakkal district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Andapuram is a Gram Panchayat falling in the Mohanur Revenue Block Namakkal Taluk. Andapuram is in the Namakkal Assembly constituency and Namakkal Parliamentary constituency of India.
 Bur Kheyl-e Arateh (Persian: بورخيل ارطه‎ also Romanized as Būr Kheyl-e Araţeh; also known as Būr Kheyl) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 898 in 239 families.
 Cham Ruteh (Persian: چم روته‎ also Romanized as Cham Rūteh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 481 in 101 families.
 Bloomfield is a village in Ontario County New York United States. The population was 1361 at the 2010 census. The Village of Bloomfield is in the Town of East Bloomfield and is west of Canandaigua NY.
 Aliabad-e Shur (Persian: علي ابادشور‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Shūr; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 42 families.
 Hansapur is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4761 persons living in 956 individual households.
 Hah Shamiz (Persian: هه شميز‎ also Romanized as Hah Shamīz; also known as Hashamīz Hāshemīs Hāshmīs and Hashmīz) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1522 in 362 families.
 Wiktoryn [vikˈtɔrɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Waganiec 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Żabczanka [ʐapˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Szczerców 17 km (11 mi) west of Bełchatów and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Franciszkany [frant͡ɕiʂˈkanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Nowy Kawęczyn 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qushehlar (Persian: قوشه لر‎ also Romanized as Qūshehlar) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 47 families.
 Jedlanka [jɛˈdlanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Stoczek Łukowski 19 km (12 mi) west of Łuków and 83 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tuturqan (Persian: توتورقان‎ also Romanized as Tūtūrqān; also known as Tūtūrqānlu) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 84 families.
 Bagh-e Karchuni (Persian: باغ كرچوني‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Karchūnī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Parminav Shamiun (Persian: پرميناو شميون‎ also Romanized as Parmīnāv Shamīūn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 36 families.
 Hirekoppa K.M. is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Mojón Grande is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina. It lies at a latitude of 27 ° 42 'South and a longitude of 55 ° 09' West.
 Chahar Melan (Persian: چهارملان‎ also Romanized as Chahār Melān) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 23 families.
 Miedzierza [mjɛˈd͡ʑɛʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smyków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Smyków 13 km (8 mi) south of Końskie and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 320.
 Chadeh (Persian: چاده‎ also Romanized as Chādeh; also known as Chahār Deh and Chārdeh) is a village in Afriz Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 22 families.
 Azhdeha Baluch (Persian: اژدهابلوچ‎ also Romanized as Azhdehā Balūch) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 83 families.
 Brvenik is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 67 people.
 Jeshuqan (Persian: جشوقان‎ also Romanized as Jeshūqān; also known as Gashkūn and Haft Yārān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 139 families.
 Cerrito (Entre Ríos) is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Bronikowo [brɔniˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Śmigiel 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Kościan and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 510.
 Warner is a village in southern Alberta Canada. It is located in County of Warner approximately 65 km south of the city of Lethbridge. Warner is a farming community. Warner is situated at the intersection of Highway 4 and Highway 36 about 38 km north of the Montana border and Interstate 15. Warner's nearest neighbours are the towns of Stirling and Milk River. The village is home to the Warner Hockey School one of the premier girls' hockey schools in Canada.
 Kolonia Domaszewnica [kɔˈlɔɲa dɔmaʂɛvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kubice [kuˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Nysa and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Yağcıoğlu Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Sarsavani village is a located in Kheda district of the Indian state of Gujarat. It has a population of approximately 5000.In Gujarati: સરસવણી in the western Indian state of Gujarat Kheda district in the central part of the total of 10 (ten) one of the towns in the district Mahemdavad is an important village. Sarsavani village have chief occupation of farming animal husbandry and farm labor.
 Płastkowo [pwastˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Quebrada del Nuevo Reino (Spanish for brook of the new kingdom pronounced: [keˈβraða ðel ˈnweβo ˈrejno] ) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu Cardenal Caro Province.
 Osowo Lęborskie [ɔˈsɔvɔ lɛmˈbɔrskʲɛ] (Kashubian: Òsowò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Cewice 10 km (6 mi) south of Lębork and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 321.
 Labon (Persian: لابن‎ also Romanized as Lābon) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Solipet is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Jonubi Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 397 in 85 families.
 Phi Mô is a commune (xã) and village in Lạng Giang District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Kowalewszczyzna [kɔvalɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Sokoły 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Smolnik is a village in Karnobat Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Oosterzee-Buren (West Frisian: Eastersee-Buorren) is a small village in Lemsterland in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 350 citizens (2004).nl:Oosterzee-Buren
 Gołuchów [ɡɔˈwuxuf] is a village in Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gołuchów. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Pleszew and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 2000.
 Lubań [ˈlubaɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Nowa Karczma 12 km (7 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1000.
 Kowalewko [kɔvaˈlɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Mieleszyn 18 km (11 mi) north of Gniezno and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qeshlaq-e Damirchluy-e Qarah Qeshlaq-e Hajj Majid (Persian: قشلاق دميرچلوي قره قشلاق حاج مجيد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Damīrchlūy-e Qarah Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Majīd; also known as Damīrchīlū-ye Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Majīd) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Voden Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Nienaszów [ɲeˈnaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Nowy Żmigród 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Jasło and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 1200.
 Aşağıboğaz is a village in the District of Yenipazar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 92 people.
 Bociany [bɔˈt͡ɕanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kutno and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Berimvand (Persian: بريموند‎ also Romanized as Berīmvand) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 53 families.
 Kałwągi [kau̯ˈvɔnɡi] (German Kaltwangen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Korsze 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 103.
 Bardamil (Persian: بردميل‎ also Romanized as Bardamīl) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kharf Kureh (Persian: خرف كوره‎ also Romanized as Kharf Kūreh; also known as Kharfeh Kūreh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 488 in 120 families.
 Esmailabad-e Moin (Persian: اسماعيل ابادمعين‎ also Romanized as Esma‘īlābād-e Mo‘īn; also known as Esma‘īlābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1341 in 332 families.
 Krystynki [krɨsˈtɨnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 4.
 Buzanjan-e Sofla (Persian: بوزنجان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Būzanjān-e Soflá; also known as Būrenjān) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 18 families.
 Klejniki [klɛi̯ˈɲikʲi] (Ukrainian: Кленики Klenyky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Czyże 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Hajnówka and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Adamierz [aˈdamjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Olesno 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 300.
 Sayyadlar (Persian: صيادلر‎ also Romanized as Şayyādlar; also known as Şayyādlar-e Khānbolāghī) is a village in Heyran Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 64 families.
 Darsidgol (Persian: دارسيدگل‎ also Romanized as Dārsīdgol; also known as ʿAlī Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 58 families.
 Nowe Miasto [ˈnɔvɛ ˈmjastɔ] is a village in Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nowe Miasto. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Płońsk and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 2000. Its name means new town.
 Belenalan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Nidzica and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Pieńkowo [pjɛɲˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Pennekow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Postomino 14 km (9 mi) north of Sławno and 183 km (114 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 700.
 Qanamabad (Persian: قانم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qānamābād) is a village in Kamin Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 650 in 137 families.
 Peru (Persian: پرو‎ also Romanized as Perū Paru and Poroo) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2171 in 606 families.
 Tuudi (German: Tuttomäggi) is a village in Lihula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Świder [ˈɕfidɛr] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wola Mysłowska 31 km (19 mi) west of Łuków and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nandangadda is a coastal village located in Karwar Taluka of Uttara Kannada district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 Bair is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D47 highway.
 Busra al-Harir (Arabic: بصرالحرير‎ also spelled Busr al-Hariri Basr al-Harir or Busra Hariri) is a town in southern Syria part of the Daraa Governorate situated in the Hauran plain. It is located northeast of Daraa and northwest of as-Suwayda. Nearby localities include Maliha al-Atash to the southeast al-Shaykh Maskin to the east Izra to the northeast Harran to the northwest Najran to the west al-Mazraa to the southwest and Nahitah to the south.
 Olszownica [ɔlʂɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Baćkowice 13 km (8 mi) west of Opatów and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 440.
 Kawki [ˈkafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Kurowo within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Stare Kurowo 11 km (7 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mowtowr-e Gholam Hoseyn Iran (Persian: موتورغلامحسين ايران‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gholām Ḩoseyn Īrān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 31 families.
 Omerbegovača (Serbian: Омербеговача) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kõivuküla is a village in Haaslava Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Tosramkhola is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1901 people living in 313 individual households.
 About this sound Písek (Polish: Piosek ) (literally sand) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has 1783 inhabitants (2001 Census) 21% of the population are the Poles. It lies in the Silesian Beskids mountain range in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia. Olza River flows through the village.Piosek was established most probably in the 14th century. Historians presume that on the basis of establishment date of nearby Bukowiec (1353).
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād; also known as Gardkūh) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1107 in 325 families.
 Nowa Wieś Prudnicka [ˈnɔva ˈvʲɛɕ prudˈɲit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biała Prudnicka 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Laprak is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2165 and had 462 houses in the village.
 Gierczyce [ɡʲɛrˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wojciechowice 7 km (4 mi) east of Opatów and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 449.
 Hamvar Kandi (Persian: همواركندي‎ also Romanized as Hamvār Kandī; also known as Hāmār Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 27 families.
 Sheykh Neshin (Persian: شيخ نشين‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Neshīn; also known as Shekhshin) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 740 in 207 families.
 Vidhya Nagar is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3315 people living in 538 individual households.
 Oleszno [ɔˈlɛʂnɔ] (German: Welschenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Drawsko Pomorskie and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 670.
 Vellulla is a village in Karimnagar district in the Indian state of Andra Pradesh.
 Sorkhakan (Persian: سرخ كان‎ also Romanized as Sorkhakān and Sorkhekān; also known as Sorkhagān Sorkhegān Sorkh Kūh and Surkh Kān) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 80 families.
 Saatli is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Bokanur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Valiabad (Persian: ولي اباد‎ also Romanized as Valīābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 7 families.
 Hirepadasalgi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Jamkhandi taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Dadahogama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Boruta [bɔˈruta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lubsza 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Brzeg and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Rudno Dolne [ˈrudnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Nowe Brzesko 8 km (5 mi) south of Proszowice and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Yodagannawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Darreh-ye Gachi Ab Deyfeh (Persian: دره گچي اب ديفه‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Gachī Āb Deyfeh; also known as Darrehgachi) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Värati is a village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It's located just south of Tõstamaa the administrative centre of the municipality. Värati has a population of 41 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Kamaneh (Persian: كمانه‎ also Romanized as Kamāneh) is a village in Dul Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 21 families.
 Chikkadpally is a village in the Kotagiri mandal Nizamabad district Andhra Pradesh India located near to Rudrur. Chikkapally is the one of the main villages in the Nizamabad district. This village all the facilities with water and roads. Population with 1400 people living in the village. and with man=800 women=600 having nice environment with mutual understands with each other.
 Pulavankadu is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 12 families.
 Chenaqchi (Persian: چناقچي‎ also Romanized as Chenāqchī) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 24 families.
 Baye Kola (Persian: بايع كلا‎ also Romanized as Bāye’ Kolā Bāye‘ Kolā and Bāye’ Kalā) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1101 in 293 families.
 Chah-e Rezaiyeh (Persian: چاه رضائيه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Reẕā’īyeh) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Građanoviće is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Mazraeh-ye Hojjatabad-e Bareqerari (Persian: مزرعه حجت ابادبرقراري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩojjatābād-e Bareqerārī) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 9 families.
 Nangal Khurd is a small village in the Hoshiarpur district of Punjab India. The total area of the village is 15 square kilometres and population is around 1300. Nangal khurd is situated 4 km from Mahilpur on Mahilpur-Phagwara Road(Via-Pasta).The current Sarpanch is Mr. Kuldeep Singh. Village has one Govt school One Govt Dispensary. Most of population of this village is BAINS Jatt caste.Sant Baba Harnam Singh Bains ji born in this village and lived their childhood there.
 Yeniköy is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 186 people.
 Kohandan (Persian: كهندان‎ also Romanized as Kohandān) is a village in Qahan Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 429 in 138 families.
 Kilcrohane (Irish: Cill Chrócháin) is a village in County Cork Ireland. The last coastal village on the Sheep's Head Peninsula after Durrus and Ahakista it lies under the 'Shadow of Seefin' - the area's highest hill and overlooking Dunmanus Bay and not far from Caher Mountain. Kilcrohane is renowned for its beautiful coastline idyllic views and world famous hill walking routes.
 Gornji Dobrić is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 728 people.
 Hajarabad (Persian: هاجراباد‎ also Romanized as Hājarābād) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 70 families.
 Harashi (Persian: هرشي‎ also Romanized as Harashī) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District in the Central District of Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 23 families.
 Calverton Park is a village in St. Louis County Missouri United States. The population was 1293 at the 2010 census.
 Quchaq (Persian: قوچاق‎ also Romanized as Qūchāq) is a village in Sara Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 42 families.
 Mir Ahmad (Persian: ميراحمد‎ also Romanized as Mīr Ahmad and Mīr Aḩmad; also known as Mīr Aḩmadī) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 703 in 138 families.
 Manoor (Telugu: మానూరు) is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh India.The villages in Manoor mandal includes: Athimail Audathpur 	Badalgaon Bellapur Borancha Damargidda Danvar Davvur Dudhagonda Eanakpally Erakpalle Gondegam Gudur Karsgutti 	Kharamungi Maikode Manoor Morgi Movinelli Nadi Gadda Hukrana Nagalagidda Pulkurthy Raipalle Shari Damargidda Shelgera 	Thimmapur Thornal Tumnur Valloor Yelgoi Yesgi etc..
 Kashanbeh-ye Chahardangi (Persian: كاشنبه چهاردانگي‎ also Romanized as Kāshanbeh-ye Chahārdāngī and Kāshanbeh-ye Chahār Dāngī) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 45 families.
 Sławno-Kolonia [ˈswavnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Eznabad (Persian: ازن اباد‎ also Romanized as Eznābād; also known as ‘Azīnābād and Ez̄navā) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District Bahnemir District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 745 in 189 families.
 Notyst Wielki [ˈnɔtɨst ˈvjɛlki] (German: Groß Notisten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mrągowo and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Afkasht (Persian: افكشت‎ also Romanized as Āfḵasht) is a village in Fasharud Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 39 families.
 Resen is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 81 people.
 Kalber (Persian: کالبر‎ also Romanized as Kālber and Kālbar; also known as Kālber-e Bālā) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1085 in 197 families.
 Kond Sofla (Persian: كندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kond Soflá; also known as Kond-e Pā’īn and Kand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 30 families.
 Çağlıpınar is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 49 people.
 Rehovice is a village in the municipality of Qendër in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Puzeh-ye Chahar Qash (Persian: پوزه چهارقاش‎ also Romanized as Pūzeh-ye Chahār Qāsh) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pamaladinni is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gokak taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Sudh is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Souq Wadi Barada (Arabic: سوق وادي بردى) is a Syrian village in the Al-Zabadani District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Souq Wadi Barada had a population of 3678 in the 2004 census.
 Iłówiec [iˈwuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hoseynabad-e Malek (Persian: حسين ابادملك‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Malek) is a village in Qoroq Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1171 in 296 families.
 Simakan (Persian: سيمكان‎ also Romanized as Sīmakān; also known as Sīmākand and Sīmaqān) is a village in Simakan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 114 families.
 Siella is a village and seat of the commune of Siadougou in the Cercle of San in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.
 Strzelce Leśne [ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ ˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 8.
 Krzywowierzba [kʂɨvɔˈvjɛʐba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Wyryki 25 km (16 mi) west of Włodawa and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gowravan (Persian: گوراوان‎ also Romanized as Gowrāvān and Gowravān) is a village in Dizajrud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1288 in 306 families.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 101 families.
 Tekkeköy is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Koloppeh (Persian: كلپه‎) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District in the Central District of Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 32 families.
 Golab Mahalleh (Persian: گلاب محله‎ also Romanized as Golāb Maḩalleh; also known as Gulākmaḩalleh) is a village in Daryasar Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 100 families.
 Čamagajevci is a village in Croatia.
 Majdan Kozłowiecki [ˈmai̯dan kɔzwɔˈvjɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Lubartów and 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.This small village consists of buildings and farmsteads scattered along a country road that runs through a meadow parallel to a stream.
 Jalali (Persian: جلالي‎ also Romanized as Jalālī; also known as Jalali Ahmadi) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 45 families.
 Korab [ˈkɔrap] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 270.
 Karattupalayam is a village in Nambiyur block in Gobichettipalayam taluk of Erode District in Tamil Nadu State in India . Karattupalayam is 11 km distance from Nambiyur . It is situated nearer to Gobichettipalayam at about 10 km.Karattupalayam is 43.8 km distance from its District Main City Erode . And 70 km from other main city Coimbatore. And 363 km distance from Chennai. Karattupalayam has one Government Elementary School and one Government High School.
 Khas Morad (Persian: خاص مراد‎ also Romanized as Khāṣ Morād) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Ara Qaleh (Persian: اراقلعه‎ also Romanized as Ārā Qal‘eh) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 36 families.
 Miąsowa [mjɔ̃ˈsɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sobków 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Jędrzejów and 26 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Drewniki [drɛvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Al-Manshiyya (Arabic: المنشية‎) was a Palestinian village with a Muslim orphanage and a mosque known as the mosque of Abu 'Atiyya which is still standing. The village was close to the shrine of Baha'u'llah who was the founder of the Baha'i Faith which is also still standing.
 Sadreh-ye Do (Persian: صدره دو‎ also Romanized as Şadreh-ye Do Sadreh-ye Do and Şedreh Do; also known as Sadreh Sadrehé Dowand Seyyed Sa‘dūn) is a village in Tarrah Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Musaabad (Persian: موسي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād; also known as Mūsīābād and Mussiābād) is a village in Garakan Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 82 families.
 Sławica [swaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Šići (Serbian: Шићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kafr Nabudah (Arabic: كفر نبودة‎ also spelled Kafar Nabuda) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located northwest of Hama. Nearby localities include Qalaat al-Madiq and Jamasat Adiyat to the west al-Suqaylabiyah to the southwest al-Mughayr and Karnaz to the south Kafr Zita to the southeast and al-Habit to the east.
 Kotauratla or Kota Uratla is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Gharibwal is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil.
 Mazraeh-ye Razak (Persian: مزرعه رزك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Razak) is a village in Bahman Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Bekhsimle is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1210 and had 228 houses in it.
 Bonangi is a village panchayat in Gantyada mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India.There is a post office at Bonangi.
 Torkilstrup also Torkildstrup is a little village some 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southeast of Nørre Alslev on the Danish island of Falster. It is best known for Torkilstrup Church one of the island's oldest churches built before 1160.
 Gapel (in German: Gabel) is a small village in Slovakia which was founded in the 18th century. Since 1960 it has been a part of Valaska Bela district. Before this it was a part of Zliechov district.In the past Gapel was famous for its glass industry. However in the 1950s the glass industry was moved to Valaska Bela. It is because of this fact that these days the village is a favourite for cottagers who spend weekends and holidays there.
 Biskupie-Kolonia [bisˈkupjɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Shamsadin is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Tolombeh-ye Dastani (Persian: تلمبه دستاني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Dastānī) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Odžak is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ostružnja Donja (Cyrillic: Остружња Доња) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Górki Duże [ˈɡurki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Winnica 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Pułtusk and 48 km (30 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Doruk (Persian: دروك‎ also Romanized as Dorūk) is a village in Frughan Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 38 families.
 Kareshk (Persian: كرشك‎ also Romanized as Kāreshk; also known as Karsh and Kūreshk) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 22 families.
 Avcıova is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pierławki [pjɛrˈwafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Działdowo and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 281.
 Asfich (Persian: اسفيچ‎ also Romanized as Āsfīch; also known as Esfīj) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 101 families.
 Baganwala is a village in the Jind district in the state of Haryana India. As of 2009 it consisted of 62 households with a total population of 424. It is located 4 km from Ramrai village on a link road that connects to State Highway 12 from Jind to Hansi. The village has a co-educational school which was established in 1972. As of 2013 it had 42 students.
 Będargowo [bɛndarˈɡɔvɔ] (formerly German Mandelkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Police and 11 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 220.
 Kozhichena is a village in Malappuram district Kerala India.
 Nowosady [nɔvɔˈsadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dineh Kuh (Persian: دينه كوه‎ also Romanized as Dīneh Kūh) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 38 families.
 Dastjerd (Persian: دستجرد‎; also known as Dastgerd and Dastgird) is a village in Karkas Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 43 families.
 Wieliczka [vjɛˈlit͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Przeworno 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Strzelin and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Akbar Davud-e Qeshlaqi (Persian: اكبرداود قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Akbar Dāvūd-e Qeshlāqī; also known as Akbar Dāvūd and Dāvūd Qeshlāqī) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 68 families.
 Saleh Kucheri (Persian: صالح كوچري‎ also Romanized as Şāleḥ Kūcherī) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 10 families.
 Włodary [vwɔˈdarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Korfantów 12 km (7 mi) east of Nysa and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kotia is a village located in Kanina tehsil district Mahendragarh Haryana.. It is on the Kosli–Kanina road and is 17 kilometres from Kosli and 3 kilometres from Kanina.Kotia village of brave soldiers like paratrooper Hanumaan Singh the martyer came into existence in 1999 Kargil War. The village has a Govt school upto Middle Class. Medical facilities are available in Kanina city. Presenty Sarpanch is Shree Rakishan Yadav since 2010 til jun 2015. Baba Burjeshwar is the village saint.
 Pieleszki [pjɛˈlɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 111.
 Qotbiyeh (Persian: قطبيه‎ also Romanized as Qoţbīyeh; also known as Qoţbīyeh-ye Aḩshām) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Korboniec [kɔrˈbɔɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wiśniewo 4 km (2 mi) south-west of Mława and 109 km (68 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Arzeh Khvoran (Persian: ارزه خوران‎ also Romanized as Arzeh Khvorān and Arzeh Khowrān; also known as Arzeh Khvorān-e Bozorg) is a village in Oryad Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 46 families.
 Karlikowo [karliˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krokowa 17 km (11 mi) west of Puck and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 290.
 Rudbarak-e Bala (Persian: رودبارك بالا‎ also Romanized as Rūdbārak-e Bālā; also known as Rūdbār and Rūdbārak) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 8 families.Together with the nearby village of Rudbarak-e Pain the village hosts the National Festival of Iranian Traditions and Folk Games.
 Wola Murowana [ˈvɔla murɔˈvana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitkówka-Nowiny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Osiedle-Nowiny and 12 km (7 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 375.
 Wola Pacyńska [ˈvɔla paˈt͡sɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacyna within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zakherd (Persian: زاخرد‎ also Romanized as Zākherd) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 65 families.
 Westville is a village in Georgetown Township Vermilion County Illinois United States. It is part of the Danville Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 3175 at the 2000 census and 2972 in 2009.
 Istoway (Persian: استوی‎) sometimes called Estovay or Istoi is a village in Nimroz Province in western Afghanistan.
 Pawłowice [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Pawlowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Toszek 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 96.
 Kabahigoth is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3564 persons living in 588 individual households.
 Vidiškės is a village in Ignalina district municipality in Utena County southern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the town has a population of 1084 people.
 Shahrak-e Sarkhadh (Persian: شهرك سرخاڈ‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sarkhādh; also known as Sarkhā Shahrak-e Sarkhā and Sorkhā) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 33 families.
 Hoseynabad Shahivand (Persian: حسين آباد شاهيوند‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād Shāhīvand; also known as Mīrḩoseyn) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 16 families.
 Gołuszyce [ɡɔwuˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Pruszcz 16 km (10 mi) west of Świecie and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Raždaginja is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 418 people.
 Kostarowce [kɔstaˈrɔft͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Костарівці Kostarivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sanok and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 720.
 Gelalak (Persian: گلالك‎ also Romanized as Gelālak) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 25 families.
 Batovac is a village in the municipality of Požarevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 596 people.
 Brzozowa [bʐɔˈzɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bajrići is a village in the municipality of Bihać Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kahriz (Persian: كهريز‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2553 in 560 families.
 Parkan-e Gishu (Persian: پركان گيشو‎ also Romanized as Parkān-e-Gīshū and Parkān Gīshū) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Ruydar District Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 61 families.
 Esmailiyeh-ye Yek (Persian: اسماعيليه يك‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlīyeh-ye Yek) is a village in Muran Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 122 families.
 Agalahatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Krzewiaki [kʂɛˈvjaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Walce 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Krapkowice and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gadaladeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mir Rud Posht (Persian: ميررودپشت‎ also Romanized as Mīr Rūd Posht and Mīrūd Posht) is a village in Ganjafruz Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1339 in 362 families.
 Kaniūkai is a village in Jakėnų eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality in Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 50 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 35.
 Konstantyn [kɔnsˈtantɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hanna within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Hanna 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Włodawa and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Galabadawatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Konopki Leśne [kɔˈnɔpki ˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Starlanding was an unincorporated community in Brazeau Township in Perry County Missouri.Starlanding was situated in the northern part of Brazeau Township in the eastern part of Perry County situated along the Mississippi River at 364 ft. above sea level. The community was originally known as Star Landing and was founded as a riverboat landing. Today nothing remains of the town.
 Gazrabi (Persian: گزرابي‎ also Romanized as Gazrābī) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 15 families.
 Vanyar (Persian: ونيار‎ also Romanized as Vanyār Vanayār and Vaneyār; also known as Banyār) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 14 families.
 Chenaruiyeh (Persian: چناروئيه‎ also Romanized as Chenārū’īyeh) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khopawa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3162 persons living in 587 individual households.
 Pod Łąg [pɔd wɔŋk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Czersk 34 km (21 mi) east of Chojnice and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 Rumoka [ruˈmɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Karznica [kaʐˈnit͡sa] (German till 1937 Wendisch Karstnitz 1938-1945 Ramnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Potęgowo 22 km (14 mi) east of Słupsk and 83 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Chah-e Kuhdasht Galimeh (Persian: چاه كوهدشت گليمه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Kūhdasht Galīmeh; also known as Dehqān-e Chenārīv) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Emam Abdollah (Persian: امام عبداله‎ also Romanized as Emām ‘Abdollāh; also known as Emāmzādeh ‘Abdollāh) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 81 families.
 Bala Golema (Persian: بالاگلما‎ also Romanized as Bālā Golemā; also known as Golemā-ye Bālā and Golmā-ye Bālā) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 766 in 199 families.
 Poli-ye Olya (Persian: پلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Polī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Pūlī-ye Bālā) is a village in Golidagh Rural District Golidagh District Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 50 families.
 Witanowice [vitanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaworzyce within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Gaworzyce 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Polkowice and 98 km (61 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bakhtajerd (Persian: بختاجرد‎ also Romanized as Bakhtājerd; also known as Bakhlagird Bakhlājerd and Baxtâjerd) is a village in Bakhtajerd Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 877 in 201 families.
 Potasie [pɔˈtaɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Kolno and 99 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 65.
 Bakarjulan (Persian: بكارجولان‎ also Romanized as Bakārjūlān) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 26 families.
 Rambawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tovariševo (Serbian Cyrillic: Товаришево) is a village in Serbia in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3102 people (2002 census).
 Bresnica is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1466 people.
 Kokotów [kɔˈkɔtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 1367.
 Yılanlı is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Krajkovići (Cyrillic: Крајковићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tilahar is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4218 people living in 863 individual households.
 Radovašnica is a village in the municipality of Šabac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 238 people.
 Zawiaty [zaˈvjatɨ] (Kashubian: Zôwiat German Saviat 1938-1945 Seeblick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Czarna Dąbrówka 24 km (15 mi) north of Bytów and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
 Qudjanak (Persian: قودجانك‎ also Romanized as Qūdjānak; also known as Gowjānak and Kūdanak) is a village in Varzaq Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 800 in 181 families.
 Mojtame-ye Zanati-ye Rafsanjan (Persian: مجتمع ضنعتي رفسنجان‎ also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Ẕanʿatī-ye Rafsanjān; also known as Rafsanjān) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Kyalanur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kolar taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Dodankumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Deir al-Fardis (Arabic: دير الفرديس‎ also spelled Dayr al-Fureidis or Deir el-Ferdis) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate southwest of Hama. Nearby localities include Kafr Buhum to the northeast Tumin and al-Rastan to the southeast and Houla to the southwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics it had a population of 5890 in the 2004 census.
 Kattangoor is a village and mandal located along National Highway 9 (India) in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh India. It lies on National Highway 9 between Narketpally and Nakrekal. Nalgonda city lies to the south of Kattangoor.There is a village near to the kattangoor named as AITIPAMULA. In shortly we call it as ATP. ATP present sarpanch is Peddi Sukkaiah. He was a MPTC before he become sarpanch. He is very helpful to the students. He is a good sarpanch.
 Sienno [ˈɕennɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ośno Lubuskie 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Słubice 44 km (27 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 200.
 Kijevo is a village and a municipality in the Dalmatian hinterland southeast of Knin in the Šibenik-Knin county in Croatia. The population of the municipality is 417 (2011) with 100% declaring themselves Croats.
 Boorta (Persian: بورتا ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 23 families.
 Tądów Górny [ˈtɔnduf ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Warta 20 km (12 mi) north of Sieradz and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kumkuduk or Qumqudyq is a village in the Aktobe Province of western Kazakhstan.
 Hüüru is a village in Saue Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located 3 km (1.9 mi) west of the border of Tallinn (and about 13 km (8 mi) from the city centre) on the crossing of Tallinn–Paldiski road (E265) and Vääna River just next to Harku. Hüüru has a population of 417 (as of 1 January 2012).Hüüru was first mentioned in the Danish Census Book in 1241 as Hiurenkylae. In 1560 the Hüüru Manor (Hüer) was established on the site of the Harku Manor's watermill.
 Kujbiedy [kui̯ˈbjɛdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jasionówka 17 km (11 mi) east of Mońki and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Łoniewo [wɔˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Radzanowo 18 km (11 mi) east of Płock and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Gorni Radkovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Chah-e Maleki (Persian: چاه مالكي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Māleḵī) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wichí – El Pintado is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Khowshgizu (Persian: خوش گيزو‎ also Romanized as Khowshgīzū; also known as Khowshgīrū) is a village in Jask Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 13 families.
 Pir Badam (Persian: پيربادام‎ also Romanized as Pīr Bādām) is a village in Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District Gol Tappeh District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 107 families.
 Mian Marz (Persian: ميان مرز‎ also Romanized as Mīān Marz) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 22 families.
 Alborz (Persian: البرز‎ also Romanized as Alburz) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 68 families.
 Uskumruköy (literally mackerel village) is a village in Sarıyer intracity district of İstanbul Province Turkey. It is situated at 41°13′N 29°01′E to the north of a forest named Balgrad ormanı which is one of the most popular excursion areas of İstanbul citizens. It is only 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of Sarıyer and although administratively a village it is actually a suburb of Greater İstanbul . The population of Uskumruköy is 4524 as of 2010.
 Górzno [ˈɡuʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzemieniewo within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Krzemieniewo 16 km (10 mi) east of Leszno and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dadhi in Ropar Punjab is a small village in India near the Sikh towns of Kiratpur Sahib and Anandpur Sahib. The village is situated on the bank of the Sutlej about 10 km south of Anandpur about 30 km north of Rupnagar and 90 km from Chandigarh on the Nangal-Rupnagar-Chandigarh road (NH21).Kiratpur Sahib was established in 1627 by the 6th Nanak Guru Hargobind who bought the land from Raja Tara Chand of Kehloor through his son Baba Gurditta.
 Wysoka Krajeńska [vɨˈsɔka kraˈjɛɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 140.
 Strzeblewo [stʂɛˈblɛvɔ] (German: Streblow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rymań 22 km (14 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 90 km (56 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mali Iđoš (Serbian and Montenegrin Cyrillic: Мали Иђош pronounced [mâːliː îdʑoʃ]; Hungarian: Kishegyes pronounced [ˈkiʃhɛɟɛʃ]) is a village and municipality in the North Bačka District of Vojvodina Serbia. The municipality comprises three local communities and has a population of 12031 of whom 6486 (53.91%) are ethnic Hungarians 2388 are Serbs (19.85%) and 1956 are Montenegrins (16.26%). Mali Iđoš village has a population of 4830.
 Mokrus [ˈmɔkrus] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Łęczno [ˈwɛnt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sulejów 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Osina (Bulgarian: Осина old version: Usina) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the Satovcha Municipality Blagoevgrad Province.
 Darbhung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3205 and had 570 houses in the town.
 Nagyvisnyó is a village and municipality in northern Hungary in Heves county northwest of the Bükk Mountains in the valley of Bán-patak. Until 1950 the village was part of Borsod county.Popular ski resort Bánkút is situated within municipality limits.
 Qulaq Kasan (Persian: قولاق كسن‎ also Romanized as Qūlāq Kasan) is a village in Golidagh Rural District Golidagh District Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 732 in 124 families.
 Isaabad (Persian: عيسي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Īsáābād; also known as ‘Īsāābād-e Sar Bonān and Īsīābād) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 145 families.
 Sharqelet (Persian: شارقلت‎ also Romanized as Shārqelet) is a village in Lafur Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 38 families.
 Otok [ˈɔtɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zadzim 16 km (10 mi) south of Poddębice and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Yarvaliabad (Persian: يارولي آباد‎ also Romanized as Yārvalīābād; also known as Yārvalī and Dah Pahlavān) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 45 families.
 Panchathi (Tamil: பஞ்சாதி ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Chak Shadi is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is located near the town of Pinanwal and is a part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil and is located at 32°39'40N 73°15'20E with an altitude of 206 metres (679 feet). Almost the entire population is Muslim and belong to the Jalap tribe.
 Piertanie [pjɛrˈtaɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Suwałki and 110 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Now Gurab (Persian: نوگوراب‎ also Romanized as Now Gūrāb and Nau Gurāb; also known as Nukurab) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 449 in 119 families.
 Karaf (Persian: كرف‎) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 373 in 99 families.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wierzbica 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Radom and 102 km (63 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Tin-Essako is a rural commune and village in the Tin-Essako Cercle in Mali's north-eastern Kidal Region. The village lies 115 km due east of Kidal. In the 2009 census the commune had a total population of 2595.
 Zalu Band (Persian: زالوبند‎ also Romanized as Zālū Band) is a village in Chupanan Rural District Anarak District Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Crvena Jabuka is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 126 people.
 Holland is a village in Lucas County Ohio United States. The population was 1764 at the 2010 census. Holland is home to the J.H. Fentress Antique Popcorn Museum.
 Incheh-ye Sofla (Persian: اينچه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Īncheh-ye Soflá) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 23 families.
 Bi Bi Maryam (Persian: بي بي مريم‎ also Romanized as Bī Bī Maryam and Bībī Maryam) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bull Creek is a village in Taney County Missouri United States. The population was 603 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Branson Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Krakov (Rakovník District) is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Lipniki [lipˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Czerwonka 12 km (7 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki and 78 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Radziechowice Pierwsze [rad͡ʑɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Ładzice 10 km (6 mi) west of Radomsko and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Otalżyno [ɔtalˈʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Przodkowo 12 km (7 mi) north of Kartuzy and 29 km (18 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Milejów [miˈlɛjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Rozprza 7 km (4 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Łysołaje [wɨsɔˈwajɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Łęczna and 27 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 390.
 Donja Papratnica (Cyrillic: Доња Папратница) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dzierżawa [d͡ʑerˈʐava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Siewierz 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Będzin and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 7.
 Harsin (Persian: حارسين‎ also Romanized as Harsīn; also known as ’Āresīn) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 37 families.
 Modrovec is a village in Croatia.
 Ursule (Serbian Cyrillic: Урсуле) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia (Šumadija) in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač) lying at 43°52′34″N 21°08′01″E at the elevation of 215 m. According to the 2002 census the village had 400 citizens.
 Kozłówka [kɔˈzwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Rajgród 17 km (11 mi) east of Grajewo and 69 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 130.
 Janosi or Yanoshi (Ukrainian: Яноші Hungarian: Makkosjánosi ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.
 Święcienin-Kolonia [ɕfjɛnˈt͡ɕɛnin kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Wola Pomianowa [ˈvɔla pɔmjaˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęczniew within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Pęczniew 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Boniad (Persian: بنياد‎ also Romanized as Bonīād and Bonyād; also known as Bonīāb) is a village in Kaki Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 831 in 157 families.
 Baranów [baˈranuf] is a village in Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Baranów. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Puławy and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1672.
 Lisy [ˈlʲisɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Biała Piska 23 km (14 mi) east of Pisz and 109 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Jahan Nama (Persian: جهان نما‎ also Romanized as Jahān Namā) is a village in Chaharkuh Rural District in the Central District of Kordkuy County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 43 families. This area is situated in the southern heights of Gorgan and the southeast of Kord Kooy. In 1973 it was claimed as a protected place with 30650 hectares in area. This region was a recreational area for people of Gorgan and its nearby villages.
 Chah-e Shulak (Persian: چاه شولك‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shūlaḵ) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 27 families.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Metagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Anarak (Persian: انارك‎ also Romanized as Anārak; also known as Nārak) is a village in Khobriz Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 60 families.
 Duz Anbar (Persian: دوزعنبر‎ also Romanized as Dūz ‘Anbar) is a village in Chendar Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 47 families.
 Gaczyska [ɡaˈt͡ʂɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Baranowo 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 105 km (65 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 172.
 Przydróżek [pʂɨˈdruʐɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Grójec and 50 km (31 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Kosino [kɔˈɕinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Radzanowo 16 km (10 mi) east of Płock and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Yaleh Gonbad (Persian: يله گنبد‎; also known as Emāmzādeh Imamzade-Ele-Geumbez and Imāmzādeh) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 429 in 105 families.
 Drahelčice is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Vilangudi is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.It is nearly 10 km from Aduthurai.
 Maaritsa is a village in Valgjärve Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Świerna [ˈɕfjɛrna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Dąbrowica [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Biłgoraj and 79 km (49 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 877.
 Gierniak [ˈɡʲɛrɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Krzczonów and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mantgum is a small village in Littenseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 1150 citizens.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 52 families.
 Stratov is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qeytas (Persian: قيطاس‎ also Romanized as Qeyţās) is a village in Korani Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 27 families.
 Ukšići (Cyrillic: Укшићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Saleh Qeshlaqi (Persian: صالح قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩ Qeshlāqī; also known as Sālār Qeshlāq and Şāleḩ Qeshlāq) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 14 families.
 Bid Khvab (Persian: بيدخواب‎ also Romanized as Bīd Khvāb Bīd-e Khvāb and Bīd-i-Khwāb; also known as Bīd Khab and Bīd Khvāh) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 11 families.
 Ilavalai (Tamil: இளவாலை) is a small coastal village located in (Valigamam North) Jaffna Sri Lanka. It is 16 km from the Northern Capital towards north of the Jaffna Peninsula and 8 km from the port town of Kankesanthurai.It contains many Hindu temples and Christian churches. One of the oldest is St. Anne's church which is situated in the center of the village (Ilavalai Junction).St.
 Voika is a village in Nõo Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Gągolina [ɡɔnɡɔˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Guča is a large village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2010 people.
 Dzierzbotki [d͡ʑeʐˈbɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Kawęczyn 12 km (7 mi) south of Turek and 122 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qalat-e Godar Boneh (Persian: قلات گدار بنه‎ also Romanized as Qalāt-e Godār Boneh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Ludwikowo [ludviˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Shahrak-e Sarollah (Persian: شهرك ثارالله‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e S̄ārollāh) is a village in Hashivar Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1269 in 243 families.
 Odalätsi is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Zdziembórz [ˈzd͡ʑembuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brudzeń Duży 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Płock and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Igrzeczna [iˈɡʐɛt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Linia 28 km (17 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dörtyol is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Vilandai is a village in Viluppuram District Tamil Nadu India. It is situated 8 km away from Thirukovilur. It is in SH 9 of Thirukovilur to Thiruvannamalai road via Manalurpettai. It is 190 km away from the state capital Chennai.The local economy is based on agriculture.
 Amardaha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12361 people living in 2341 individual households.
 Pemberville is a village located on the banks of the Portage River in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 1371 at the 2010 census.
 Konopki-Monety [kɔˈnɔpki mɔˈnɛtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Kolno and 76 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 205.
 Markuszowa [markuˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Strzyżów and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Milatovići is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 760 people.
 Zawisze [zaˈviʂɛ] (German: Sawische) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Skąpe 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Świebodzin 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 65 km (40 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 225.
 Sang-e Siah (Persian: سنگ سياه‎ also Romanized as Sang-e Sīāh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 597 in 140 families.
 Bardibas is an urban developing city in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. It is directly connected to Rajmarg which is extended from east to west of Nepal.
 Deh-e Bardel (Persian: ده بردل‎) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 49 families.
 Shurab (Persian: شوراب‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 24 families.
 Gömmece is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Dobříč (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 3.48 square kilometres (1.34 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 291.
 Tolombeh-ye Akbar Ruhani (Persian: تلمبه اكبرروحاني‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Akbar Rūḥānī) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Shahid Shah Nazar (Persian: شهيدشاه نظر‎ also Romanized as Shahīd Shāh Naz̧ar) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 20 families.
 Çanakçılar is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 142 people.
 Charlęż [ˈxarlɛ̃ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spiczyn within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Spiczyn 13 km (8 mi) west of Łęczna and 14 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 740.
 Mieszki-Różki [ˈmjɛʂki ˈruʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bagh-e Nowruz (Persian: باغ نوروز‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Nowrūz) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Al-Samakiyya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tiberias Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 4 1948 under Operation Matat. It was located 11 km northeast of Tiberias near the Wadi al-Wadabani.In 1945 the village had a population of 380. al-Samakiyya had an Italian monastery a Franciscan church and a Greek Orthodox church .
 Zmysłowo [zmɨˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Oğulduruk is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 216 people.
 Wójcin [ˈvui̯t͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Paradyż 19 km (12 mi) west of Opoczno and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Widziszewo [vid͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kościan and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1400.
 Sheykh Faleh (Persian: شيخ فالح‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Fāleḩ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 97 families.
 Stefanovo Gabrovo Province is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tczów 10 km (6 mi) west of Zwoleń and 102 km (63 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Abshur (Persian: ابشور‎ also Romanized as Ābshūr) is a village in Kheyrabad Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1169 in 272 families.
 Kalonka [kaˈlɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Paliszewo [paliˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Czarnków and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 70.
 Deh Cheshmeh (Persian: ده چشمه‎ also Romanized as Dah Cheshmeh) is a village in Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4699 in 989 families.
 Kul Nabi Sahara (Persian: كول نبي صحرا‎ also Romanized as Kūl Nabī Saḥarā) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 12 families.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Paloemeu is a small Amerindian village in the interior of Suriname situated at the site where the Paloemeu River joins the Tapanahoni River. The town is primarily by the native Tiriyó Indians. Vincent Fayks Airport is located near the village.
 Ababsa (also written El Ababsa) is a suburb in the commune of Bayadha in Bayadha District El Oued Province Algeria. It is part of the urban area of El Oued.
 Kozłów [ˈkɔzwuf] (formerly German Koslow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnicowice within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sośnicowice 9 km (6 mi) west of Gliwice and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1024.
 Khurab-e Olya (Persian: خوراب عليا‎ also Romanized as Khūrāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khvorāb Khoro Khowrū Khūrāb Khūrū and Khvor Āb) is a village in Safiabad Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Saman Ban (Persian: سمن بان‎ also Romanized as Saman Bān and Samanbān; also known as Saman Band and Saman Baneh) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 68 families.
 Zielno [ˈʑelnɔ] (German: Solainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gochlar (Persian: گچلر‎; also known as Gojlar) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 13 families.
 Kattagaram (North) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Mariańskie Porzecze [maˈrjaɲskʲɛ pɔˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilga within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dousman is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 2302 at the 2010 census.
 Dash Khaneh (Persian: داشخانه‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Khāneh) is a village in Sarjam Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 60 families.
 Attaragama Hunnana-oya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Qaleh Salim (Persian: قلعه سليم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Salīm; also known as Ghal‘eh Salim) is a village in Kiar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 439 in 111 families.
 Ali Hallaj (Persian: علي حلاج‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Ḩallāj) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jahadi is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4324 people living in 708 individual households.
 Porgoli-ye Olya (Persian: پرگلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Porgolī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Palkūlī) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 21 families.
 Konaklı is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 340 people.
 Pasterzowice [pastɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Szprotawa 18 km (11 mi) east of Żagań and 40 km (25 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Krynice [krɨˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 16 km (10 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 320.Location of the RTCN Białystok (Krynice) mast the seventh highest structure in Poland.
 Mount Cory is a village in Hancock County Ohio United States. The population was 204 at the 2010 census.
 Shahrud (Persian: شاهرود‎ also Romanized as Shāhrūd and Shahrood; also known as Shāhrūd-e Fāreghān) is a village in Fareghan Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 494 in 105 families.
 Krokšlys is a village in Kaniavos eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 78 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 50.
 Malta is a village in Morgan County Ohio United States. The population was 671 at the 2010 census.
 Kiên Lao is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Ngạn District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Viitna is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northern Estonia. It's located on the Tallinn–Narva road (Estonian main road nr. 1; part of E20) about 71 km east of Tallinn. Viitna has a population of 83 (as of 1 January 2007).Viitna is best known for the historical tavern situated by the road. It was first mentioned in 1768 since then it has burned down a few times the last fire was in 1989.
 Zanai (Persian: زنايي‎ also Romanized as Zanā’ī; also known as Zanā’īyeh) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 20 families.
 Khanom Bala Kandi (Persian: خانم بالاكندي‎ also Romanized as Khānom Bālā Kandī; also known as Tak Bolāgh-e Qeşr) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 24 families.
 Khorram Daraq (Persian: خرمدرق‎) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 64 families.
 Kaleń Drugi [ˈkalɛɲ ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Al-Manara (Arabic: المنارة‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tiberias Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on March 1 1948 by Jewish troops. It was located 5 km south of Tiberias. The Crusaders referred to al-Manara as Menan.[citation needed]In 1945 it had total population of 580. Al-Manara contains Khirbat al-Manara and Khirbat Sarjuna.
 Bilno [ˈbilnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubień Kujawski 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Żurawie [ʐuˈravjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rudniki 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Olesno and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 81.
 Bandar-e Bostanu (Persian: بندربستانو‎ also Romanized as Bandar-e Bostānū; also known as Bastaneh Bostāneh Bostānū Bustani Būstānu and Postānū) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 642 in 119 families.
 Mazarandeh (Persian: مزارنده‎ also Romanized as Mazārandeh and Mezārandeh) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 13 families.
 Libá formerly Libštejn (German: Liebenstein) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Safaiyeh (Persian: صفائيه‎ also Romanized as Şafā'īyeh; also known as Shāh Godār and Shāhgudār) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 89 families.
 Ismailkhanguda or Ismail Khan Guda is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ghatkesar mandal.
 Hamzehkhani (Persian: حمزه خاني‎ also Romanized as Ḩamzehkhānī and Ḩamzeh Khānī; also known as Jahādābād) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 78 families.
 Zamin-e Hansin (Persian: زمين حنصين‎ also Romanized as Zamīn-e Ḩanşīn Zamīn Ḩanşīn and Zamīn Ḩansīn; also known as Zamīn-e Ḩoseyn) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Gurab (Persian: گوراب‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb) is a village in Tulem Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 535 in 136 families.
 Walala Megodagammedda is a village in Sri Lanka within Central Province.
 Voyvodovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولتاباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Latābād) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 31 families.
 Vranino is a village in Kavarna Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Łączany [wɔnˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wierzbica 17 km (11 mi) south of Radom and 108 km (67 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Domaszów [dɔˈmaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 8.
 Gradac is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Agani is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمد آباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād and Ahmad Ābād; also known as Gol Tap (Persian: گل تپ) Aḩmadābād-e Gol Tappeh and Aḩmadābād-e Khāk Tappeh) is a village in Eyvanki Rural District Eyvanki District Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 26 families.
 Zümrütova is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Gavpol (Persian: گاوپل‎ also Romanized as Gāvpol) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 43 families.
 Möldri Saare County is a village in Salme Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Rycerzew [rɨˈt͡sɛʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Weliwita is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Beris (Persian: بريس‎ also Romanized as Berīs; also known as Berīs-e Bālā) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2356 in 477 families.
 Soonda is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Żelistrzewo [ʐɛlisˈtʂɛvɔ] (Kashubian: Żelëstrzewò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Puck and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2303.
 Hacıyusuflar is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Rusinowo [ruɕiˈnɔvɔ] (German: Russenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Sadlinki 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Kwidzyn and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 250.
 Emamzadeh Bazm (Persian: امامزاده بزم‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Bazm and Emāmzādehbazm) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 20 families.
 Słodkówko [swɔtˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchań within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Suchań 17 km (11 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Wilcza Wola [ˈvilt͡ʂa ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Szydłowiec and 101 km (63 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 135.
 Chrapoń [ˈxrapɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Siemiątkowo 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Żuromin and 101 km (63 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Akbaş is a village in the District of Güdül Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tatipudi is a village and panchayat in Gantyada Mandal Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh India. Tatipudi Reservoir Project was constructed across Gosthani River during 1963-1968. The Project is aimed to irrigate a total ayacut of 15378 acres (62 km2) in Vizianagaram District and to provide drinking water to Visakhapatnam City. The Project utilizes 3.325 TMC of the available water and the reservoir storage capacity is about 3 TMC. The Cost of the project is Rs. 1.820 crores.
 Paaduotsa is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Dhungrekhola is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11958.
 Powidz [ˈpɔvit͡s] (formerly German Friedensdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Polanów 20 km (12 mi) east of Koszalin and 152 km (94 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 114.
 Eshkaft-e Shiri (Persian: اشكفت شيري‎ also Romanized as Eshkaft-e Shīrī; also known as Eshgaft-e Shīrī) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 27 families.
 Krasne-Elżbiecin [ˈkrasnɛ ɛlʐˈbjɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Szkud%C5%82aSzkudła [ˈʂkudwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
 Skatavica (Cyrillic: Скатавица) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gonadish (Persian: گناديش‎ also Romanized as Gonādīsh and Genādīsh; also known as Godānīsh and Ganarish) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Meyqan (Persian: ميقان‎ also Romanized as Meyqān Mīqān and Mīyqān; also known as Maīghan) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 127 families.
 Garmeh-ye Khorusi (Persian: گرمه خروسي‎ also Romanized as Garmeh-ye Khorūsī) is a village in Naseri Rural District Khanafereh District Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 50 families.
 Wnory-Wandy [ˈvnɔrɨ ˈvandɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 140.
 Lénárddaróc is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Golushjerd (Persian: گلوشجرد‎ also Romanized as Golūshjerd Golūshejerd Galooshjerd and Galūshjerd; also known as Gol Shekū Golūshījer Gulshegar Gulshigard and Kolūshjerd) is a village in Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 35 families.
 Bonkuy-e Rajabi (Persian: بنكوي رجبي‎ also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Rajabī) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 9 families.
 Bezděkov pod Třemšínem is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Anuch (Persian: انوچ‎ also Romanized as Anūch; also known as Anūj) is a village in Sefidkuh Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1927 in 476 families.
 Jedlnica [jɛdlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Chęciny and 20 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Sobków [ˈsɔpkuf] is a village in Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sobków. It lies in historic Lesser Poland approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Jędrzejów and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 870 and is located on the left bank of the Nida river.
 Wola Szydłowiecka [ˈvɔla ʂɨdwɔˈvjɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bolimów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Skierniewice and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Feliksów [fɛˈliksuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Krzyż [kʂɨʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Czastary 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Wieruszów and 99 km (62 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Estarkhi (Persian: اسطرخي‎ also Romanized as Esţarkhī Esţakhrī and Estalkhī) is a village in Golian Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1098 in 266 families.
 Wał [vau̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Grójec and 68 km (42 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bideh Sarok (Persian: بيده سرك‎ also Romanized as Bīdeh Sarok; also known as Bīdāsarok and Bīdasteh Rok) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Akhan (Persian: تلمبه اخان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ākhān) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Cichostów [t͡ɕiˈxɔstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milanów within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Parczew and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ab Barg (Persian: اب برگ‎ also Romanized as Āb Barg) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Azadeh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 39 families.
 Krugliniec [kruˈɡliɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lipusz 12 km (7 mi) west of Kościerzyna and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Korit (Persian: كريت‎ also Romanized as Korīt; also known as Ebrāhīmābād-e Pā’īn and Korīt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1677 in 490 families.
 Jhojhu Khurd is a village in Bhiwani district Haryana India. It is the main village of Sangwan gotra and is located on the Dadri-Satnali road.
 Shahrak-e Saduqi (Persian: شهرك صدوقي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Şadūqī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 69 families.
 Barakuh (Persian: براكوه‎ also Romanized as Barākūh) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 872 in 221 families.
 Deh-e Kohneh (Persian: ده كهنه‎) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 21 families.
 Chynowie [xɨˈnɔvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Gniewino 16 km (10 mi) west of Wejherowo and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 516.
 Jaworze [jaˈvɔʐɛ] (German: Gabbert) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Kalisz Pomorski 26 km (16 mi) south of Drawsko Pomorskie and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Trgovište is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 342 people.
 Emamzadeh Abbas (Persian: امامزاده عباس‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh ‘Abbās; also known as Emāmzādeh and Emāmzādeh ‘Abbās‘alī) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Goravena is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Stare Radzikowo [ˈstarɛ rad͡ʑiˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bala Gir (Persian: بالاگير‎ also Romanized as Bālā Gīr) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 78 families.
 Sugajno [suˈɡai̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Brodnica and 78 km (48 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Błędnica [bwɛndˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Małkinia Górna 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 89 km (55 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lak Tarashan (Persian: لاك تراشان‎ also Romanized as Lāk Tarāshān) is a village in Mehravan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 75 families.
 Kaf Miyas (Arabic: كهف مياز‎) is a suburb of Bayda. It is located about 2 km south of Bayda.
 Kolonia Zawada [kɔˈlɔɲa zaˈvada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Naşrābād-e Torpākhlū) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 698 in 164 families.
 Przezwody [pʂɛzˈvɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wilczyce 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Sandomierz and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 350.
 Łaganów [waˈɡanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Proszowice and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Shaldeh (Persian: شالده‎ also Romanized as Shāldeh) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 32 families.
 Kirigankumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Siecie [ˈɕet͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Smołdzino 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 96 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sarchati-ye Ali Mirza (Persian: سرچاتي علي ميرزا‎ also Romanized as Sarchātī-ye ʿAlī Mīrzā) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Meyvan (Persian: ميوان‎ also Romanized as Meyvān) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District Bayangan District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 33 families.
 Berendi is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Wola Kamieńska [ˈvɔla kaˈmjɛɲska] (German: Stein Caspendorf; 1928-45: Stein Kaspendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Iława and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Lay-e Mehdi (Persian: لاي مهدي‎ also Romanized as Lāy-e Mehdī) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Koznik is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 27 people.
 Abu Dhiba or Abu Diba is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Markovo Polje is a village in Croatia.
 Talary [taˈlarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sarand (Persian: سرند‎) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 115 families.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Koniecpol 49 km (30 mi) east of Częstochowa and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 84.
 Pakala is a Gram panchayat in Singarayakonda Mandal Prakasam District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Rakhmanov is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Trzcianka [ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Łyszkowice 20 km (12 mi) south of Łowicz and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Potočić is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 449 people.
 Kadcza [ˈkatt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Gümüşyayla Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kąty [ˈkɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dhuwakot is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3814 and had 757 houses in the town.
 Rastla is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kharman Kola (Persian: خرمن كلا‎ also Romanized as Kharman Kolā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 49 families.
 Altınkaya is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Çınarlı is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 212 people.
 Sarv-e Sofla (Persian: سروسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sarv-e Soflá; also known as Sarv Sarv-e Pā’īn Sarv Pā’īn and Sarv Sufla) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 62 families.
 Kolka Sara (Persian: كلكاسرا‎ also Romanized as Kolkā Sarā; also known as Olkā Sarā) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1067 in 305 families.
 Perki-Mazowsze [ˈpɛrki maˈzɔfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Lytsewierrum (Dutch: Lutkewierum) is a small village in Littenseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 60 citizens (2004).
 Cheshmeh-ye Nowruzi (Persian: چشمه نوروزي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Nowrūzī) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vao is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Kotalah Kamar (Persian: كتله كمر‎ also Romanized as Katalah Kamar) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 22 families.
 Big Valley is a village in central Alberta south east of Red Deer. It is located 32 km (20 mi) south of Stettler and 64 km (40 mi) north of Drumheller on Highway 56 in the County of Stettler.
 Maleth is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4640 people living in 829 individual households.
 Slivnica Površ (Cyrillic: Сливница Површ) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowruleh-ye Olya (Persian: نوروله عليا‎ also Romanized as Nowrūleh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 41 families.
 Darreh-ye Rizi (Persian: دره ريزي‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Rīzī) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 32 families.
 Choqa Reza (Persian: چقارضا‎ also Romanized as Choqā Reẕā) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 22 families.
 Małe Rudy [ˈmawɛ ˈrudɨ] (German: Ruden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 156.
 Chrośnica [xrɔɕˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zbąszyń 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 544.
 Mardabad (Persian: مرداباد‎ also Romanized as Mardābād; also known as Qarīq) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 13 families.
 Cieszyniec [t͡ɕeˈʂɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Karu is a village in Põdrala Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. Karu has a population of 6 (as of 1 January 2012).
 Chruślanki Mazanowskie [xruˈɕlanki mazaˈnɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Opole Lubelskie and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Himayatnagar is a village in Moinabad Mandal Rangareddy District in Andhra Pradesh India.Himayatnagar village has the ashram built by the former chief minister of Andhra Pradesh Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao. Some large residential schools are coming up in this village adjoining the lake.Himayatnagar is a couple of kilometers before Chilkur Village (coming from Hyderabad) which is famous for the Chilkur Balaji temple.This village lies about a kilometer off the Chevella State Highway.
 Kamianki Lackie [kaˈmjanki ˈlat͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Przesmyki 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 109 km (68 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Na Khaulom or Ban Na Khaulom is a village in Bolikhamsai Province in western Laos. It lies in Paksan District to the east by road from Nong Boua and Paksan near the border with Thailand.Na Khaulom is the eastern point of the road leading out of Paksan. At Na Khaulom the road splits north-south. The small town of Borikham lies to the north.
 Pranjci is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 360 people.
 Mravljača is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Resnik is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 158 people.
 Riyakhun (Persian: رياخون‎ also Romanized as Rīyākhūn and Rīākhūn; also known as Rīākhān) is a village in Zazeran Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1482 in 379 families.
 Lizdejki [lizˈdɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Rutka-Tartak 25 km (16 mi) north of Suwałki and 133 km (83 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Plazy is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jagannadhapuram is a village located in Vijayapuram Mandal Chittoor district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 Tellioğlu Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Golubki [ɡɔˈlupki] (also Golubie; German: Gollubien from 1938-45 Kalkhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kowale Oleckie 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Olecko and 133 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sar Tavus (Persian: سرطاووس‎ also Romanized as Sar Ţāvūs) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Asd Sara (Persian: اسدسرا‎ also Romanized as Āsd Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Qareh Gasak (Persian: قره گسك‎) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qushqovan-e Sofla (Persian: قوشقوان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qūshqovān-e Soflá; also known as Owjdaraq) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Wrzoski [ˈvʐɔski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Miedzna 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Węgrów and 82 km (51 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Depil is a village in the Faroe Islands.Depil is located on the east side of Borðoy between Norðdepil and Norðtoftir. The village has only two inhabitants.
 Mazraeh (Persian: مزرعه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh; also known as Mazrā) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Mohammad Tip (Persian: محمدتيپ‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Tip Moḩammad Tīb and Moḩammad Tib) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 19 families.
 Kormyansko is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Banalek is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3812 living in 608 individual households.
 Khvajeh Mordeh (Persian: خواجه مرده‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Mordeh) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Valiabad (Persian: والي اباد‎ also Romanized as Valīābād; also known as Valīābād-e Makhrūbeh) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sargalm (Persian: سرگلم‎) is a village in Bemani Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 39 families.
 Yenihamidiye Bartın is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 436 people.
 Kalateh-ye Mirza (Persian: كلاته ميرزا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mīrzā; also known as Kalāt-e Mīrzā) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Talita is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Asadabad-e Pain (Persian: اسدابادپايين‎ also Romanized as Asadābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Asadābād-e Soflá Asadābād-e Soflā and Asadābād-i-Khān) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Bahman District Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 71 families.
 Torkan (Persian: تركان‎ also Romanized as Torkān; also known as Turkān) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2685 in 726 families.
 Bolandu (Persian: بلندو‎ also Romanized as Bolandū; also known as Boland) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 25 families.
 Chah Galleh (Persian: چاه گله‎ also Romanized as Chāh Galleh) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 24 families.
 Wilkiejmy [vilˈkʲɛi̯mɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Jeziorany and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Khorram Bak (Persian: خرمبك‎; also known as Khorram Beya Khorram Beyg Khorram Beyk and Khorramak) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 173 families.
 Majówka [maˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Supraśl and 12 km (7 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 10.
 Velikovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Tuppadakurahatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Bosanci Karlovac County is a village in Croatia.
 Tolombeh-ye Jafar Dowlat Khvah (Persian: تلمبه جعفردولت خواه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ja‘far Dowlat Khvāh) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Uzquiano is a village in the Enclave of Treviño of the province of Burgos Spain. The village is about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of the Basque city of Vitoria-Gasteiz.The parish church is a small but notable example of late Romanesque architecture.
 Ab Shabandar (Persian: ابشباندر‎ also Romanized as Āb Shabāndar) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 16 families.
 Dramapur is a town east of Chinchinim in Konkan India.
 Hesar-e Bala (Persian: حصاربالا‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Bālā and Hisār Bāla) is a village in Tarrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 695 in 175 families.
 Tundeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hoseynabad-e Zand (Persian: حسين ابادزند‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Zand; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 37 families.
 Saruran (Persian: سروران‎ also Romanized as Sarūrān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 22 families.
 Janina [jaˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 450.
 Jugada is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3802 and had 709 houses in the village.
 Chah-e Konari (Persian: چاه كناري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Konārī) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qarah Gonbad-e Sofla (Persian: قره گنبدسفلي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Gonbad-e Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Mowtowr-e Atahadik (Persian: موتوراتحاديك‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ātaḥādīḵ) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 8 families.
 Brahmapuri is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3326 persons residing in 491 individual households.
 Domaševo (Cyrillic: Домашево) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Garevac is a village in the municipality of Modriča Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Klotyldów [klɔˈtɨlduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Słuszków (the gmina seat) 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bukowo [buˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Polanów 28 km (17 mi) east of Koszalin and 157 km (98 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 320.
 Shanejan (Persian: شانجان‎ also Romanized as Shānejān and Shānjān; also known as Chakawān Chana‘vān and Keyvān) is a village in Guney-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 111 families.
 Veliki Šušnjar is a village in Croatia near town Petrinja.
 Nowe Łagiewniki [ˈnɔvɛ waɡʲɛvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zgierz and 8 km (5 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gudem kotha veedhi is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Anarak (Persian: انارك‎ also Romanized as Ānārak) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hamuleh (Persian: حموله‎ also Romanized as Ḩamūleh and Ḩomūleh) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 49 families.
 Zybiszów [zɨˈbiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Kąty Wrocławskie and 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 190.
 Sypniewo [sɨpˈɲevɔ] is a village in Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sypniewo. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 92 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 480.
 Galeh Dari Shakuh (Persian: گله داري شكوه‎ also Romanized as Galeh Dārī Shakūh) is a village in Tasuj Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dab Amir (Persian: دب امير‎ also Romanized as Dab Āmīr; also known as Dab ol Amīr and Dūb ol Mīr) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Tatrovice (German: Dotterwies) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kurucaören is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Tajpur Manjha is village in Indian state of Uttar Pradesh situated on the bank of the River Ganges. It is located in Zamania taluk of Ghazipur district.This Village was very active in independence movement of India. This is the motherland of many freedom fighters...It is declared swarna jayanti village. http://wikimapia.org/s/#lat=25.4593948&lon=83.5602093&z=14&l=0&m=b&v=1
 Shurabeh-ye Sofla Do (Persian: شورابه سفلي دُو‎ also Romanized as Shūrābeh-ye Soflá Do; also known as Shūrābeh-ye Soflá and Sūlābeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kunani Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 40 families.
 Niwa Babicka [ˈniva baˈbit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ryki and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zatyle-Osada [zaˈtɨlɛ ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Załuże-Imbrzyki [zaˈwuʐɛ imˈbʐɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Opinogóra Górna 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 82 km (51 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Zawada [zaˈvada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biskupiec 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Harishchandapuram is an Indian village and panchayat located in Kotabommali mandal in Srikakulam district Andhra Pradesh India.Harischandrapuram is located on National Highway 5.Harischandrapuram railway station is in Chennai-Howrah mainline of East Coast Railway Indian Railways. Passenger trains that run from Palasa towards Visakhapatnam halt at Harishchandrapuram station.
 Gliśnica [ɡliɕˈnit͡sa] (German: Gliesnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Czarna Dąbrówka 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Bytów and 62 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
 Kulathuvayal (in Malayalam : കുളത്തുവയല്‍) is a village in Kozhikode district of Kerala state India. Administratively Kulathuvayal comes under the Chakkittapara panchayat Perambra block panchayat and Koyilandy Taluk.
 Varkohleh (Persian: وركهله‎ also Romanized as Varkohleh; also known as Varkohleh-ye Sarqaleh) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 491 in 89 families.
 Somasamudra is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bellary taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Lohrville is a village in Waushara County Wisconsin United States. The population was 402 at the 2010 census.
 Barzyar Zahedan (Persian: برزیار‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 46 families.
 Florkowizna [flɔrkɔˈvizna] (German: Florkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 20.
 Shureh Nab (Persian: شوره ناب‎ also Romanized as Shūreh Nāb; also known as Shūrlū) is a village in Vargahan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 17 families.
 Aramo (Arabic: عرامو‎ Aramo Armenian: Արամօ Aramo) is a Syrian village located in Latakia Governorate north west of the country. Aramo is just 30 km from the Mediterranean sea. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Aramo had a population of 490 in the 2004 census.
 Dalitire is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Cheshmeh Dozdan (Persian: چشمه دزدان‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Dozdān and Chashmeh-e Dozdān) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Shesh Rudbar (Persian: شش رودبار‎ also Romanized as Shesh Rūdbār) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 28 families.
 Głogówko [ɡwɔˈɡufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 km (3 mi) east of Kotla 9 km (6 mi) north of Głogów and 94 km (58 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Binayak is a small town in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. According to the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 4270 living in 831 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 4881 of which 30% was literate.
 Przątalina [pʂɔntaˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hazard is a village in Sherman County Nebraska United States. The population was 70 at the 2010 census.
 Hakmana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chah-e Pahn (Persian: چاه پهن‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pahn) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Godlewo-Baćki [ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈbat͡ɕki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tarnawa Dolna [tarˈnava ˈdɔlna] (Ukrainian: Тернава Долішня Ternava Dolishnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Zagórz 9 km (6 mi) south of Sanok and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.In 2006 the village had a population of 940.
 Poścień-Zamion [ˈpɔɕt͡ɕeɲ ˈzamjɔn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dinarabad (Persian: ديناراباد‎ also Romanized as Dīnārābād) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Dutağaç is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 483 people.
 Gorgeh Bisheh-ye Olya (Persian: گرگه بيشه عليا‎ also Romanized as Gorgeh Bīsheh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Gorg-e Bīsheh-ye Bālā Gorg-e Bīsheh-ye ‘Olyā Gurgbishāh and Gurgbishāh Bāla) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 16 families.
 Szypułki-Zaskórki [ʂɨˈpuu̯ki zasˈkurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Janowiec Kościelny 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 20.
 Kangarappady is located in Ernakulam District Kerala India. The Cochin co-operative Medical college and Vidyodaya School are located in the region. Kangarappadi is 5 kilometer away from Edappally Toll junction.
 Nowy Rzędków [ˈnɔvɨ ˈʐɛntkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Nowy Kawęczyn 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Siab-e Darvish (Persian: سيابدرويش‎ also Romanized as Sīāb-e Darvīsh; also known as Sīāb and Sīyāb) is a village in Gachi Rural District Gachi District Malekshahi County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 15 families.
 Mir Makan (Persian: ميرمكان‎ also Romanized as Mīr Makān) is a village in Boli Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 19 families.
 Bobry [ˈbɔbrɨ] (German: Bobern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Telli (Persian: تلي‎ also Romanized as Tellī) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 82 families.
 Mud-e Olya (Persian: مود عليا‎ also Romanized as Mūd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Mūd Mavād and Murād) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 27 families.
 Todorovce is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 521 people.
 Oska Piła [ˈɔska ˈpiwa] (German: Charlottenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Olszanka [ɔlˈʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Sarp Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 212 people.
 Eshgaft-e Jamushi (Persian: اشگفت جاموشي‎ also Romanized as Eshgaft-e Jāmūshī; also known as Eshkaft-e Jāmūshī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 69 families.
 Amirabad-e Pain (Persian: اميرابادپايين‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Amīrābād Amīrābād-e Soflá and Amir Abad Sofla) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 27 families.
 Lubiszyn [luˈbiʂɨn] (German: Ludwigsruh) is a village in Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubiszyn. It lies approximately 22 km (14 mi) west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Formerly part of the Brandenburgian Neumark region before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 800.
 Młodzianowo [mwɔd͡ʑaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Župča (Serbian: Жупча) is a village in the municipality of Breza Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chah Abi-ye Soltan Morad Jafari (Persian: چاه ابي سلطان مرادجعفري‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ābī-ye Solṭān Morād Jaʿfarī) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zdunek [ˈzdunɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Myszyniec 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 126 km (78 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Benthuizen is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Rijnwoude and lies about 4 km east of Zoetermeer.In 2001 the town of Benthuizen had 3215 inhabitants.
 Nowhalua (Persian: نوحلوا‎ also Romanized as Nowḥalūā) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lubianków [luˈbjaŋkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Głowno 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź. In the village there is a primary school named after Maria Konopnicka. The first school was established in the village in year 1918.In 2006 the village had an approximate population of 270.
 Dobra-Nowiny [ˈdɔbra nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Stryków 9 km (6 mi) east of Zgierz and 9 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Allah Yar (Persian: الله يار‎ also Romanized as Āllah Yār) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Al Kirs is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Ekiriya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province. All the people living in Ekiriya are buddhist.Postal Code : 20732
 Nowa Piasecznica [ˈnɔva pjasɛt͡ʂˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Andrzejki [anˈdʐɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Łomża and 78 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 100.
 Thally or Thalli ( Tamil:தளீ ) is an assembly constituency and Revenue Village in Denkanikottai Taluk Krishnagiri district of Tamil NaduIndia. It has popularly remembered as Little England named so by the British during their regime mostly due of its cool weather. In Thally block total of 50 Panchayat villages are there. Thally is identified as the backward block in the district due to its hilly nature poor infrastructure and socio-economic background of the people in the region.
 Camızağılı is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 586 people.
 Murdan (Persian: موردان‎ also Romanized as Mūrdān) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 40 families.
 Kannu is a village in Lasva Parish Võru County in southeastern Estonia. It's located about 10 km (6 mi) northeast of the town of Võru. Kannu has a population of 29 and an area of 4.4 km².
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Józefów 27 km (17 mi) east of Biłgoraj and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 267.
 Złotogłowice [zwɔtɔɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Nysa and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 780.
 Karaağaç Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Modropole [mɔdrɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Drezdenko 14 km (9 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Brudzawy [bruˈd͡zavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Sivaki-ye Jalil (Persian: سيوكي جليل‎ also Romanized as Sīvakī-ye Jalīl; also known as Sīvakī) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 646 in 125 families.
 Borówki [bɔˈrufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gromadka within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) west of Gromadka 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Bolesławiec and 96 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ghatgaun is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3352 people living in 659 individual households.
 Okoleniec [ɔkɔˈlɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Kłodawa 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Koło and 129 km (80 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sulichay (Persian: سولي چاي‎ also Romanized as Sūlīchāy) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 26 families.
 Karur (Tamil: கரூர் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Alkhas (Persian: الخاص‎ also Romanized as Ālkhāş; also known as Alkhāş Qal‘eh) is a village in Jirestan Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 455 in 106 families.
 Przytuły [pʂɨˈtuwɨ] (German: Przytullen (1938-45:Seefrieden)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Ełk and 125 km (78 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Duk (Persian: دوك‎ also Romanized as Dūk) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 20 families.
 Nurabad (Persian: نوراباد‎ also Romanized as Nūrābād; also known as Noor Abad Kashgoo‘eyeh and Nūrābād-e Kashkū’īyeh) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 68 families.
 Czechy [ˈt͡ʂɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zduńska Wola and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1600.
 Zabłocie [zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasień within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Jasień 17 km (11 mi) north of Żary and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Pękowice [pɛŋkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 533.
 Młodzawy Duże [mwɔˈd͡zavɨ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Pińczów and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Chorzepinek [xɔʐɛˈpinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Drenova is a village in the municipality of Čajetina western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 135 people.
 Stanwood is a village in Mecosta County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 211 at the 2010 census. The village is within Mecosta Township.
 Pasorkhi (Persian: پاسرخي‎ also Romanized as Pāsorkhī) is a village in Abnama Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Rogowo 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Rypin and 48 km (30 mi) east of Toruń.
 Kelasmadin-e Do (Persian: كلاسمدين دو‎ also Romanized as Kelāsmadīn-e Do) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 14 families.
 Oudeï Turk (also written Oudeï Trek) is a village in the commune of Mih Ouensa in Mih Ouensa District El Oued Province Algeria. The village is located 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northwest of Mih Ouensa and 22 kilometres (14 mi) southwest of the provincial capital El Oued.
 Czerwony Bór [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɨ ˈbur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Zambrów and 62 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Vásárosbéc is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Do Tappeh (Persian: دوتپه‎) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 24 families.
 Deh Sukhteh-ye Dam Ludab (Persian: ده سوخته دم لوداب‎ also Romanized as Deh Sūkhteh-ye Dam Lūdāb; also known as Deh Sūkhteh) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 54 families.
 Amir (Persian: امير‎ also Romanized as Amīr; also known as Deh-e Amīr) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Taherabad-e Mian (Persian: طاهر ابادميان‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād-e Mīān; also known as Ţāherābād-e Mīāneh and Qal‘eh-ye Mīān) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 17 families.
 Parkhash (Persian: پرخاش‎ also Romanized as Parkhāsh) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bahrah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Evrenseki Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Sardarabad (Persian: سرداراباد‎ also Romanized as Sardārābād) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 66 families.
 Laukna is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Manna is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Baseshwor is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2980 people living in 580 individual households.
 Caparde (Kalesija) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kacperówka [kat͡spɛˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Atiqi (Persian: تلمبه شهيدعتيقي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd ʿAtīqī) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 19 families.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيرآباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 14 families.
 Athipotta is a small village near Alathur in the Palakkad district of Kerala state south India. It's about 30 km from Palakkad town and 10 km from Alathur. The location was called South Malabar by the British Colonial administration.
 Lužani (Serbian: Лужани) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Huta [ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Annopol 22 km (14 mi) west of Kraśnik and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 160.
 Șipet is a village in Timiș County in the Romanian part of Banat. Administratively it is one of the villages included in the commune of Tormac.In 2002 the population of 856 people was ethnically split between Romanians (90%) Slovaks (7%) Magyars (<1%) Germans (<1%) and others (2%).
 Farevtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Bortelid is one of three ski centers in Åseral municipality in Vest-Agder county Norway. The mountainous areas of Bortelid is part of Setesdalsheiene Mountains and contains one of the southernmost ski resorts in Norway. Previously Bortelid was a remote valley that to some degree was used for dairy farming.Today Bortelid has many facilities outdoor recreational facilities and tourism.
 Nagaspur is a village in the district of Cuttack in Orissa (India). It is present on the bank of the river Chitrotpala in the neighbourhood of village Lemalo. It is famous for the Yatra culture in Orissa.
 Węgleszyn-Dębina [vɛŋˈɡlɛʂɨn dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Oksa 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Czekaj [ˈt͡ʂɛkai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Uniejów 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Darreh Shir (Persian: دره شير‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shīr) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 19 families.
 Shafiabad (Persian: شفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Shafīʿābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Deh-e Now-e Kondar (Persian: دهنو كندر‎; also known as Deh-e Now and Deh Now-e Vābasteh Beh Khabr) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Goteysh (Persian: گطيش‎ also Romanized as Goţeysh Gatīsh and Gotīsh; also known as Ḩarmaleh Komeyt Kumait Qowmāt and Qūmāt) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 32 families.
 Baldram [ˈbaldram] (German: Baldram; 1938-45:Mergental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kwidzyn and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Sugah (Persian: سوگاه‎ also Romanized as Sūgāh and Sūgā) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 45 families.
 Sela is a village located in the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the rural mountain area in the west-central part of Verran very close to the municipal and county border with Åfjord in Sør-Trøndelag. The village sits along the shore of the lake Selavatnet about 22 kilometres (14 mi) northwest of Follafoss and about 29 kilometres (18 mi) west of the municipal center of Malm. The village is the location of Sela Church.
 Poddębice [pɔddɛmˈbit͡sɛ] (German: Grüneiche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Włocławek and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Rzakta [ˈʐakta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wiązowna 13 km (8 mi) east of Otwock and 33 km (21 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Hoseynabad-e Fishtaqeh (Persian: حسين ابادفيش تقه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Fīshtaqeh; also known as Ḩoseynābād Ḩoseynābād-e Fashtaqeh Hoseynābad-e Foshtaqeh and Ḩoseynābād-e Foshtaqqeh) is a village in Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 511 in 118 families.
 Korfowe [kɔrˈfɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ab Bad-e Qahremani (Persian: اببادقهرماني‎ also Romanized as Āb Bād-e Qahremānī; also known as Āb Yād-e Qahremānī) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 21 families.
 Muri-ye Ajam (Persian: موري اجم‎ also Romanized as Mūrī-ye Ājam) is a village in Ajam Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 11 families.
 Shënkoll is a village in the municipality of Baldushk in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Edayar is a small village of Koothattukulam panchyat in Ernakulam district and located at a distance of 5 km from Koothattukulam town and 6 km from Piravom in Kerala India.
 Sokolac (Sokolac) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Grabniak [ˈɡrabɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dobre 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 46 km (29 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Nenduabad (Persian: نندواباد‎ also Romanized as Nendūābād) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 35 families.
 Sungurlar is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 79 people.
 Andslimoen is a village along the river Målselva in the Målselvdalen valley in the western part of the municipality of Målselv in Troms county Norway. The village is located along European route E6 about 3.5 km (2.2 mi) north of the village of Andselv and about 5.5 km (3.4 mi) south of the village of Moen. The 0.87-square-kilometre (210-acre) village has a population (2011) of 548 which gives the village a population density of 630 inhabitants per square kilometre (1600 /sq mi).
 Qushchi (Persian: قوشچي‎ also Romanized as Qūshchī; also known as Qūshcheh) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 43 families.
 Gasra El Barka is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Sitmarkho (Arabic: ستمرخو‎ also spelled Sitt Markhu) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Latakia Governorate located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include Kirsana and Mushayrafet al-Samouk to the north Burj al-Qasab and Al-Qanjarah to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Sitmarkho had a population of 2341 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.
 Jõeküla is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Mian Rud (Persian: ميان رود‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rūd; also known as Mīān Rūd-e ‘Olyā and Varmazyār) is a village in Direh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 25 families.
 Rybakowo [rɨbaˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kłodawa and 16 km (10 mi) north of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II) and the village was called Rohrbruch.
 Dyszów [ˈdɨʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Baczyna [baˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiszyn within Lubiszyn County Lubuskie Voivodeship in west Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Końskie and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 170.
 Láz (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Starzykowo [staʐɨˈkɔvɔ] (German: Groß Stärkenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Iława and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Chahzal (Persian: چهزال‎ also Romanized as Chahzāl Chazāl and Chehzāl) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 47 families.
 Sefid Ab (Persian: سفيداب‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Āb and Safīd Āb) is a village in Kuh Panah Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 49 families.
 Dziewin Duży [ˈd͡ʑevin ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gizałki within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Gizałki 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Pleszew and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kal Jahan (Persian: كل جهان‎ also Romanized as Kal Jahān) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 14 families.
 Sanie [ˈsaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Aleksandrów Łódzki 13 km (8 mi) west of Zgierz and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 190.
 Deh Seyd-e Kesht Varzeh (Persian: ده سيدكشت ورزه‎ also Romanized as Deh Şeyd-e Kesht Varzeh; also known as Deh Şeydāl-e Kesht Varzeh Kesht-e Varzah and Şeydālābād) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 6 families.
 Gornji Komren is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 14 families.
 Gardna Mała [ˈɡardna ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Smołdzino 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 100 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 190.
 Cheshmeh Kabud (Persian: چشمه كبود‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kabūd) is a village in Bilavar Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 45 families.
 Araz Taqan (Persian: ارازتقان‎ also Romanized as Arāz Taqān and Ārāz Taqān) is a village in Nezamabad Rural District in the Central District of Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 96 families.
 Lerudbon (Persian: لرودبن‎ also Romanized as Lerūdbon; also known as Lerdbon) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 20 families.
 Ezzatabad (Persian: عزت اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ezzatābād) is a village in Takab Rural District in the Central District of Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Lgota Górna [ˈlɡɔta ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Koziegłowy 6 km (4 mi) west of Myszków and 43 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Slivnica Bobani (Cyrillic: Сливница Бобани) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wiercień [ˈvjɛrt͡ɕɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Boćki 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Paynesville is a village in Pike County Missouri United States. The population was 77 at the 2010 census.
 Siboney is a Cuban village and consejo popular (i.e.: popular council) located in the east of the city of Santiago de Cuba and belonging to its municipality.
 Srpce is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 151 people.
 Rękawczyn [rɛŋˈkaft͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Gozdowo 17 km (11 mi) south of Sierpc and 109 km (68 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Bijar Sar (Persian: بيجارسر‎ also Romanized as Bījār Sar; also known as Bodzhyarser Bojār Sar and Bojiarser) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 512 in 141 families.
 Valiabad-e Shiri (Persian: ولي آباد شيري‎ also Romanized as Valīābād-e Shīrī; also known as Valīābād-e Chenār) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 49 families.
 Gunesh (Persian: گونش‎ also Romanized as Gūnesh) is a village in Chelevand Rural District Lavandevil District Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Rahmaniyeh (Persian: رحمانيه‎ also Romanized as Raḩmānīyeh; also known as Raḩīmīyeh and Raḩmā’īyeh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 21 families.
 Strmec Stubički is a village in Croatia.
 Jaźwiny [jaʑˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Czarna 13 km (8 mi) west of Dębica and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Navala is a village in the Ba Highlands of northern-central Viti Levu Fiji. It is noted for its thatched buildings amounting to over 200. It is one of the few settlements in Fiji which remains fully traditional architecturally. Navala is actually three settlements put together. It is protected by mountains and ridges. Navala is on the other side of a river. The river floods often and is the main reason for Navala's isolation from the other towns. It is also a popular tourist site.
 Shakhtan (Persian: شختان‎ also Romanized as Shakhtān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 35 families.
 Himo is a village in the Makuyuni ward of Kilimanjaro Region in Tanzania.
 Pečeno is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 125 people.
 Wāsiţah is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Balahesar is a village in Samangan Province in northern Afghanistan. It is located approximately 80 kilometres southwest of Samangan (Aybak).
 Karaadilli is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Leirbotn is a village in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located along the Altafjorden about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of the European route E06 highway in the northeastern part of the municipality of Alta. The village together with Kviby and Krokelv form a little urban area about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of the town of Alta. Leirbotn Church is located in this village.
 Kalavai puthur is a village under the Thimiri panchayat union. It is situated near Kalavai Vellore district Tamil Nadu. The village is historically significant for Dharmaraja temple. Villages like Vellambi and Mazhayur are located in the west of Kalavai puthur. Villages like Vembi Melpulam are located in the south of Kalavai puthur. Agaram village is situated in the north side. The main occupation of the people in this village is Agriculture.
 Maryamabad (Persian: مريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Maryamābād) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 788 in 196 families.
 Hucisko Nienadowskie [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ ɲɛnaˈdɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Dubiecko 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Przemyśl and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 554.
 Stare Grodzkie [ˈstarɛ ˈɡrɔt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Larim Rural District Gil Khuran District Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 72 families.
 Hrvatsko Selo is a village in Croatia.
 Nowe Ostrowy [ˈnɔvɛ ɔsˈtrɔvɨ] is a village in Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nowe Ostrowy. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Kutno and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Deh-e Shayhak (Persian: ده شيهك‎; also known as Dehshahyak) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Murdestan (Persian: موردستان‎ also Romanized as Mūrdestān; also known as Mardestān) is a village in Kuri Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nari (Persian: ناري‎ also Romanized as Nārī; also known as Nerī) is a village in Dul Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 698 in 141 families.
 Avan (Persian: اوان‎ also Romanized as Āvān and Ovan; also known as Anwān) is a village in Moallem Kalayeh Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 128 families. Avan is located on Ovan Lake.
 Odra Sisačka is a village in Croatia. It is part of the city of Sisak; population 814. It is connected by the D36 highway.
 Kause is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Wisznice [vʲiʂˈɲit͡sɛ] is a village in Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wisznice. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 75 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1559.
 Tolombeh-ye Eslamabad-e Khaleseh (Persian: تلمبه اسلام ابادخالصه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Eslāmābād-e Khāleṣeh) is a village in Baghin Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Seydan (Persian: سيدان‎ also Romanized as Seydān) is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1220 in 217 families.
 Thimmapur-M-Tadakod is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Baraghan (Persian: برغان‎ also Romanized as Baraghān and Barakān) is a village in Baraghan Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 139 families.
 Çitli is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Lyons is a village in Wayne County New York in the United States. The population was 3695 at the 2000 census. The village of Lyons is located in the southern half of the town of Lyons. The village along with the town is named after Lyon (sometimes spelled Lyons) France.Lyons is the county seat of Wayne County. The village is east of the city of Rochester.
 Pühi is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Alikaran (Persian: علي كران‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīkarān) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 15 families.
 Handikhola is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14153 people living in 2456 individual households.
 Pismenovo is a village in Primorsko Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Davudabad (Persian: داوداباد‎ also Romanized as Dāvūdābād) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Đắk Tô is a village in the Central Highlands of Vietnam and in the so-called tri-border area where the borders of Vietnam Laos and Cambodia all come together.
 Asaveerankudikkadu is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Bańkowszczyzna [baɲkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Chełm and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 70.
 Ar Rafah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Mesgarabad (Persian: مسگراباد‎ also Romanized as Mesgarābād; also known as Miskarābād) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District in the Central District of Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3435 in 834 families.
 Vozmaleh (Persian: وزمله‎) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 19 families.
 Manik Nagar is a village near Homnabad Bidar district Karnataka India. Maniknagar is a little village comprising a hamlet and a temple complex the nucleus of which is the main temple of Shri Manik Prabhu’s Samadhi. It is located on the outskirts of Humnabad (1 k.m. away) a taluka town in. Bidar district of Karnataka. Maniknagar is situated on the slopes of high ground near the holy confluence of two little rivulets ‘Guru-Ganga’ and ‘Viraja’. The climate is by and large is temperate.
 Borszowice [bɔrʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Sędziszów 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 238.
 Białokosz [bjaˈwɔkɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzypsko Wielkie within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Łaszów [ˈwaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pałecznica within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Pałecznica 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Proszowice and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Brvanci (Cyrillic: Брванци) is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tolombeh-ye Mortezavi (Persian: تلمبه مرتضوي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mortez̤avī; also known as Ţalā’ī and Tolombeh-ye Ţalā’ī) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zarem (Persian: زارم‎ also Romanized as Zārem and Zāharam; also known as Vārem) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 479 in 115 families.
 Bunesh (Persian: بونش‎ also Romanized as Būnesh) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 29 families.
 Toceni is a commune in Cantemir district Moldova. It is composed of two villages Toceni and Vîlcele.
 Mian Rudan (Persian: ميان رودان‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rūdān; also known as Mianrud) is a village in Palanga Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 647 in 156 families.
 Bình Giã is a commune (xã) and village in Châu Đức District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Golestan-e Shahid Rejai (Persian: گلستان شهيدرجائي‎ also Romanized as Golestān-e Shahīd Rejā’ī) is a village in Rigestan Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 30 families.
 Brestovac is a village situated in Knić municipality Šumadija District in Serbia.
 Donje Svarče is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 122 people.
 Abedabad (Persian: عابداباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ābedābād and ‘Abdābād) is a village in Sefidar Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 79 families.
 Guzan-e Fars (Persian: گوزن فارس‎ also Romanized as Gūzan-e Fārs; also known as Kūzan) is a village in Qoroq Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1178 in 310 families.
 Bödeháza is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Bernardówka [bɛrnarˈdufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kartuzy and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nowe Zasady [ˈnɔvɛ zaˈsadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Chenaran (Persian: چناران‎ also Romanized as Chenārān) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 19 families.
 Wykosowo [vɨkɔˈsɔvɔ] (German: Vixow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Główczyce 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Narayan Khola is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3309 people living in 561 individual households.
 Tang-e Anar-e Vosta (Persian: تنگ اناروسطي‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Anār-e Vosţá; also known as Tang-e Anār) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 19 families.
 Stalevo is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Przeździecko-Jachy [pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ ˈjaxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Andrzejewo 24 km (15 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 111 km (69 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 160.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] (German: Polnisch Steine 1939-45: Schön Steine) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Międzybórz 27 kilometres (17 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 49 kilometres (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tolagi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Żuków [ˈʐukuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Nowe Miasteczko 15 km (9 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Tazenakht is a village in Errachidia Province Meknès-Tafilalet region south-eastern Morocco.Tazenakht should not be confused with Taznakht a town in Ouarzazate Province more than 400 km to the southwest.
 Asheqan (Persian: عاشقان‎ also Romanized as ‘Āsheqān; also known as Ashkan and Hāshekān) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 24 families.
 Nagórki-Olszyny [naˈɡurki ɔlˈʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tolombeh-ye Rostam (Persian: تلمبه رستم‎) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Domaniówek [dɔmaˈɲuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kivijärve is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Mazraeh-ye Akrad (Persian: مزرعه اكراد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Akrād; also known as Mazra‘eh and Mazra‘eh-ye Akrā) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 19 families.
 Poszewka [pɔˈʂɛfka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Miedzna 6 km (4 mi) north of Węgrów and 74 km (46 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Yengi Qaleh (Persian: ينگي قلعه‎ also Romanized as Yengī Qal‘eh; also known as Yengeh Qal‘eh) is a village in Razan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 468 in 111 families.
 Takhtiyeh (Persian: تخيتيه‎ also Romanized as Takhtīyeh; also known as Takhtīyeh-ye Kūchek) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 15 families.
 Ali Modad (Persian: علي مدد‎ also Romanized as ʿAlī Modad) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 17 families.
 Zakale [zaˈkalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Idagal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Bidkin is a large village in Paithan Taluka of Aurangabad district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
 Budwiecie [budˈvjɛt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Dubeninki 14 km (9 mi) east of Gołdap and 145 km (90 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 120.
 Kjølsdalen is a village in Eid in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the northern shore of the Nordfjorden about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of the village of Stårheim and about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) east of the village of Bryggja (in Vågsøy Municipality). The village of Davik lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) across the fjord from Kjølsdalen.
 Kuivastu is a village on the eastern coast of Estonian island Muhu. The Kuivastu Harbour is the primary gateway to the biggest Estonian island Saaremaa (Muhu and Saaremaa are distinct islands but are connected with a causeway Väinatamm). The corresponding harbour on the continental side is in Virtsu. Administratively Kuivastu belong to the Muhu Parish of Saare County.
 Bastam Darreh (Persian: بسطام دره‎ also Romanized as Basţām Darreh) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 65 families.
 Truskaw [ˈtruskaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Izabelin 10 km (6 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1400.
 Kletno [ˈklɛtnɔ] (German: Klessengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Stronie Śląskie 34 kilometres (21 mi) south-east of Kłodzko and 97 kilometres (60 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Konarak (Persian: كنارك‎ also Romanized as Konārak) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Punacha is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Drawiny [draˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Drezdenko 29 km (18 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 51 km (32 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 470.
 Uşakpınarı is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated on the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Silifke is 42 kilometres (26 mi) and to Mersin is 127 kilometres (79 mi). The population of Uşakpınarı was 224 as of 2012. The major economic activities of the village are farming and animal breeding.
 Qeshlaq-e Salman va Alman (Persian: قشلاق سلمان والمان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Salmān va Ālmān) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Tazeh Kand District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Vaskrääma is a village in Paikuse Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Steklno [ˈstɛklnɔ] (formerly German Stecklin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Gryfino and 28 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 166.
 Ashar (Persian: اشار‎ also Romanized as Āshār; also known as Ashor and Ashur) is a village in Ashar Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2676 in 529 families.
 Sar Molla (Persian: سرملا‎ also Romanized as Sar Mollā and Sar Malā) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 56 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Marran (Persian: حسين آباد مران‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Marrān and Ḩoseynābād-e Merān; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Obatu Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 35 families.
 Młynary [mwɨˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Margonin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Margonin 14 km (9 mi) east of Chodzież and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Piranshahi (Persian: پيرانشاهي‎ also Romanized as Pīrānshāhī; also known as Pīrūn Shāh) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 42 families.
 Estand (Persian: استند‎; also known as Īstīn and Eskand) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 29 families.
 Spanish Point (Irish: Rinn na Spáinneach) is a village in the parish of Milltown Malbay in County Clare Ireland situated on the west coast of Ireland. It is home to many holiday homes and during the winter has a significantly smaller population. It is also one of the better surf breaks in County Clare. The name refers to the wrecking of some ships of the Spanish Armada off the coast.
 Zielonki-Wieś [ʑɛˈlɔŋki ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Stare Babice 5 km (3 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 14 km (9 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Chenar Heyl (Persian: چنارهيل‎ also Romanized as Chenār Heyl; also known as Chenar) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 7 families.
 Azizi-ye Vosta (Persian: عزيزي وسطي‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 29 families.
 Khatt-e Ahi (Persian: خطاهي‎ also Romanized as Khaţţ-e Āhī) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 733 in 193 families.
 Alasoo is a village in Alatskivi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Hanumanpur is a village in Jhunjhunu district Rajasthan India.
 Chahar Bagh (Persian: چهارباغ‎ also Romanized as Chahār Bāgh and Chehar Bagh) is a village in Hastijan Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sewerynów [sɛvɛˈrɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Karbustan (Persian: كربوستان‎ also Romanized as Karbūstān) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Malinie [maˈliɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Tuszów Narodowy 8 km (5 mi) north of Mielec and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Bari Kola (Persian: باريكلا‎ also Romanized as Bārī Kolā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 115 families.
 Rajiana is a village of Malwa region of Punjab state. It is situated on Moga-Kotkapura highway in Moga district. It takes around 30 minutes by bus from Moga and Kotkapura to reach the village. The village is divided in pattis like Joga Patti Ghoga Patti Wazir patti etc. The people of the village belongs to various religions most of them are Sikhs of Brar clan. The village has three panchayats Rajiana Rajiana Patti Vigha and Rajiana Khurd.
 Kapaklı Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pniewo [ˈpɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kotowina [kɔtɔˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bakałarzewo 17 km (11 mi) west of Suwałki and 111 km (69 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mullavere is a village in Palamuse Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Ługi [ˈwuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 120.
 Ardesman (Persian: اردسمان‎ also Romanized as Ardesmān) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 65 families.
 Stoki [ˈstɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Raczki 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Suwałki and 99 km (62 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Roxton Falls is a village municipality in Acton Regional County Municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 1265.It is surrounded entirely by the township municipality of Roxton.
 Popielżyn-Zawady [pɔˈpjɛlʐɨn zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Angoshtjan (Persian: انگشت جان‎ also Romanized as Angoshtjān and Angoshtejān; also known as Angeshtavān Angestevān Angistavan and Angoshtevān) is a village in Chehregan Rural District Tasuj District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 53 families.
 Bid Qatar-e Sofla (Persian: بيدقطارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bīd Qaţār-e Soflá; also known as Bīdqaţār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 60 families.
 Rutevac (Serbian: Рутевац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1094 people.
 Holland Patent is a village in Oneida County New York United States. The population was 458 at the 2010 census. The village is named after a land grant.The Village of Holland Patent is in the western part of the Town of Trenton at the junction of Routes 274 291 and 365.
 Totovec (Hungarian: Tótfalu) is a village in Međimurje County Croatia. It had a population of 529 in the 2001 census.The village is located around 7 kilometres south of the centre of Čakovec the county seat and largest city of Međimurje County and is administratively part of the city's wider area.
 Nahrkhan-e Olya (Persian: نهرخان عليا‎ also Romanized as Nahrkhān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kalan Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 80 families.
 Dasht-e Raz (Persian: دشت رز‎) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 560 in 122 families.
 Rohani (Persian: رهني‎ also Romanized as Rohanī) is a village in Aviz Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 30 families.
 Shiroda (Konkani-Shirodem Marathi-Shiroda) is small village in South Konkan in Vengurla taluka Sindhudurg district (Maharashtra) India with a long stretch of beach.
 Guisti (Arabic: جويستي‎) is a village located in southeastern Djibouti.
 Nông Hạ is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Mới District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Halvai (Persian: حلوايي‎ also Romanized as Ḩalvā’ī) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 13 families.
 Ćićevci (Serbian: Ћићевци) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Płocie [ˈpwɔt͡ɕe] (formerly German Plötzenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Qarah Su (Persian: قره سو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Sū Qareh Sū and Qara Su) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 116 families.
 Ahangaran (Persian: اهنگران‎ also Romanized as Āhangarān) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Amasya is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 631 people.
 Karşıyaka is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 46 people.
 Mowtowr-e Patti Mohammad Shahli Bar (Persian: موتور پتي محمد شهلي بر‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Pattī Moḩammad Shahlī Bar) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Smarklice [smarˈklit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Drohiczyn 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Thulo Dhading is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2729 and had 468 houses in it.
 Seyar-e Vosta (Persian: سيروسطي‎ also Romanized as Seyar-e Vosţá; also known as Seyar-e Vasaţ) is a village in Sahandabad Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 45 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Khan Qoli (Persian: حسين ابادخان قلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Khān Qolī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 54 families.
 Chelak (Persian: چلك‎) is a village in Luleman Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 91 families.
 Wandowo [vanˈdɔvɔ] (German: Wandau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Gardeja 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kwidzyn and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 300.
 Kundalpur is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Zamalka (Arabic: زملكا‎) is a town in southern Syria administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate located just east of Damascus's neighborhood of Jobar. Nearby localities include al-Qabun Ayn Turma Arbin Saqba and Kafr Batna. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Zamalka had a population of 44661 in the 2004 census.
 Chandanapally is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Den Bommel is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee and lies about 14 km south of Spijkenisse.In 2001 the village of Den Bommel had 1214 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.24 km² and contained 491 residences. The slightly larger statistical district Den Bommel has a population of around 1390.
 Sokkankadu is a small village located in Karur District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is very close to TNPL Pugalur and falls under its jurisdiction. The adjacent villages are Sottaiyur Moolimangalam Pandipalayam Masagoundanpudur and Palamapuram.
 Sydynivka (Ukrainian: Сидинівка) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Jerbanlu (Persian: جربانلو‎ also Romanized as Jerbānlū and Jerbanloo; also known as Jerbān Jeryānlū and Jīrbānlū) is a village in Kharqan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 514 in 125 families.
 Kobułty [kɔˈbuu̯tɨ] (German Kobulten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Biskupiec and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 520.
 Urbanówko [urbaˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sivar (Persian: سيور‎ also Romanized as Sīvar) is a village in Padena-ye Sofla Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 932 in 233 families.
 Vojno is a village some 20 km outside the city of Mostar HNK (Hercegovačko-neretvanski kanton - Herzegovina-Neretva Canton) in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kunkalamarru is very renowned village under Karamchedu Mandal which is located about 15 km from the busy commercial town of Chirala in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India.Its neighbouring villages are Karamchedu Veerannapalem.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Kas̄īrābād) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cholachagudda (Kannada: ಚೊಳಚಗುಡ್ಡ) is in Bagalkot District (Badami Taluka) Karnataka State of India it is near Badami. It is on the bank of Malaprabha river which is a tributary of Krishna river. It has two famous Hindu temples dedicated to Banashankari and Virabadhreshwara. It is known for its paan leaves plantation clove-chillies and banana plantations.
 Gorji Mahalleh (Persian: گرجي محله‎ also Romanized as Gorjī Maḩalleh) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kordkuy County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 671 in 168 families.
 Osiki [ɔˈɕiki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Orzysz 32 km (20 mi) north of Pisz and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Shir Khvar Kola (Persian: شيرخواركلا‎ also Romanized as Shīr Khvār Kolā Shīr Khvar Kolā and Shīr Khvar Kalā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 147 families.
 Lipnica (Serbian: Липница) is a village situated in Knić municipality in Serbia.
 Szkudaj [ˈʂkudai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Nidzica and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 70.
 Petaklu (Persian: پتك لو‎ also Romanized as Petaklū) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 12 families.
 Owch Darreh-ye Moghanlu Ogham Ali (Persian: اوچ دره مغانلواغامعلي‎ also Romanized as Owch Darreh-ye Moghānlū Oghām ʿAlī; also known as Owch Darreh Qeshlāq-e Pākdel and Ūch Daraq-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 26 families.
 Długoszyn-Kolonia [dwuˈɡɔʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Narasanayagipuram is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sarıoğlu is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 55 people.
 Masarak (Persian: ماسرك‎ also Romanized as Māsarak) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bagh-e Sheykh (Persian: باغ شيخ‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Sheykh Bāgh-i-Shaikh and Bāgh Sheykh; also known as Bāgh-e Shekh) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1002 in 231 families.
 Masumiyeh (Persian: معصوميه‎ also Romanized as Ma‘şūmīyeh; also known as Shabeh and Shahveh) is a village in Masumiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2101 in 625 families.
 Penllergaer (Welsh: Penlle'r-gaer) is a village in the City and County of Swansea Wales falling within the electoral ward of the same name. It is situated about 4.5 miles north west of Swansea city centre near junction 47 of the M4 motorway.
 Kallody is a village in Edavaka Panchayath of Wayanad district Kerala India. This village falls under Mananthavady Taluk. The word Kallody is derived from malayalam words kallu ( means stone ) and ody ( means run ). The combined word Kallody means running stone.Earlier this place was a forested area. The merchants from Calicut to Mananthavady town through Kuttyadi hill pass were attacked by the thieves from this area.
 Sehri (Persian: سهري‎ also Romanized as Sehrī and Seḩrī) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 22 families.
 Baghak-e Shomali (Persian: باغک شمالی‎ also Romanized as Bāghak-e Shomālī) is a village in Baghak Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 534 in 123 families.Baghak-e Shomali a village synthesis of villages:Ahsham-e Khodadad (احشام خداداد) - Khodaruha (خدروها) - Ahsham-e Zar-e Mohammad (احشام زایر محمد)- Ahsham-e Mohammad Heydar (احشام محمدحیدر)
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 13 families.
 Sobolice [sɔbɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nowogród Bobrzański and 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.
 Jasieniec [jaˈɕeɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciel within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Trzciel 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Międzyrzecz 51 km (32 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Pustków Żurawski [ˈpustkuf ʐuˈrafski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobierzyce within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kobierzyce and 23 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dobroszyn [dɔˈbrɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Nowogard 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Młyńsko [ˈmwɨɲskɔ] (German: Mühlseiffen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfów Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gryfów Śląski 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 113 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kamienica Górna [kamjɛˈnit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Brzostek 20 km (12 mi) south of Dębica and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kaser is a village in the Town of Ramapo Rockland County New York United States located north of Monsey; east of Airmont; south of Viola and west of Spring Valley. As of the United States 2010 Census the village population was 4724.Kaser is a village with a population consisting almost entirely of Hasidic Jews of the Viznitz sect.
 Augustowo [auɡusˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Barcin 19 km (12 mi) east of Żnin and 23 km (14 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 112.
 Solarnia [sɔˈlarɲa] (German Salzforst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Bierawa 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 532.
 Warnino [varˈninɔ] (formerly German Warnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Tychowo 25 km (16 mi) east of Białogard and 131 km (81 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Brahmapuri is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5729 people living in 1051 individual households.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Nowogród 14 km (9 mi) west of Łomża and 87 km (54 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Groznatovci is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 40 people.
 Makineh Nasiri (Persian: مكينه نصيري‎ also Romanized as Maḵīneh Naṣīrī) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 26 families.
 Qaleh Gah (Persian: قلعه گاه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Gāh; also known as Kulāwa) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 20 families.
 Novi Senkovac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D34 highway.
 Khalaf Aziz (Persian: خلف عزيز‎ also Romanized as Khalaf ‘Azīz) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 833 in 156 families.
 Mozaffarabad (Persian: مظفراباد‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affarābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1203 in 227 families.
 Reszki [ˈrɛʂki] (German: Röschken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Ostróda and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Masłowice 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Radomsko and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Saleh Mohammad Shahriyari (Persian: صالح محمد شهريارئ‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩ Moḩammad Shahrīyāri) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 26 families.
 Elvegård is a village in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is located along the Skjomen fjord. Skjomen Church is located in the village on the shore of the fjord. There is a golf course in Elvegård located along the river Elvegårdselva.
 Kohneh Kach (Persian: كنه كچ‎; also known as Kohneh Kaj) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 25 families.
 Dasht-e Deraz (Persian: دشت دراز‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Derāz) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuhsar-e Bala (Persian: كوهساربالا‎ also Romanized as Kūhsār-e Bālā; also known as Esrakh-e Kūhsār-e Bālā (Persian: آسرخ كهسوبالا)) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 28 families.
 Zekri (Persian: ذكري‎ also Romanized as Z̄ekrī; also known as Kalāteh Z̄ekrī) is a village in Tabas-e Masina Rural District Gazik District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 17 families.
 Marchevo is a small village in Garmen Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. The village is situated between Garmen and Ognyanovo and the tree villages are almost merged. There is a significant Romani minority living in the eastern part of the village. The church Nativity of Virgin Mary (Bulgarian: Рождество Богородично Rozhdestvo Bogorodichno) was built in 1908 over the foundations of an older church. The school in the village was closed in 2002. There isn't also a kindergarten.
 Sakoira is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Langadi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2561 people living in 461 individual households.
 Budki Stare [ˈbutki ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Witonia 14 km (9 mi) north of Łęczyca and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 110.
 Unia [ˈuɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Strzałkowo 8 km (5 mi) west of Słupca and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bagauda is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9621 people living in 1649 individual households.
 Moscow is a village in Clermont County Ohio United States. The population was 185 at the 2010 census.The William H. Zimmer Power Station nuclear power plant converted to coal-fired generation that creates 1300-megawatts of electricity is partially located within village limits.
 Mochnaczka Niżna [mɔxˈnat͡ʂka ˈɲiʐna] (Ukrainian: Мохначка Нижня Mokhnachka Nyzhnya) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynica-Zdrój within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krynica-Zdrój 31 km (19 mi) south-east of Nowy Sącz and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 500.
 The Incorporated VIllage of Westhampton Beach is an incorporated village in the Town of Southampton Suffolk County New York United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 1721.
 Qaleh Now Shamsabad (Persian: قلعه نوشمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now Shamsābād) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 961 in 229 families.
 Demirciören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Gnadombéni is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 829.
 Thillaiyambur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Lohara is a village in Dondiluhara tehsil Durg district Chhattisgarh India.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Bodzentyn and 24 km (15 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 220.
 Yengeh Qaleh (Persian: ينگه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Yengeh Qal‘eh) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 717 in 161 families.
 Bukownica [bukɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Grabów nad Prosną 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 130 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 950.
 Wymyślanka [vɨmɨˈɕlanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Lwówek 19 km (12 mi) north of Nowy Tomyśl and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 61.
 Wola [ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Budry 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Węgorzewo and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 {Žabnica is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D28 highway. It is surrounded by several villages : HaganjZvonik and Stara Kapela.hr:Žabnica|Žabnica is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D28 highway. It is surrounded by several villages : HaganjZvonik and Stara Kapela.}
 Orveh-ye Sofla (Persian: عروه سفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Orveh-ye Soflá) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 13 families.
 Mstów [mstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłownik within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Jodłownik 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Pediše (Serbian: Педише) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sarab-e Cheggeh (Persian: سرابچگه‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Cheggeh and Sarāb-e Chekkeh; also known as Chagha and Sarab Chakeh and Sarāb-e Chekkeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 779 in 168 families.
 Adamów [aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Radziejowice 10 km (6 mi) east of Żyrardów and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 150.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Marianka [maˈrjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Gostynin and 116 km (72 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Gandabad (Persian: گنداباد‎ also Romanized as Gandābād) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 114 families.
 Areh Jan (Persian: اره جان‎ also Romanized as Āreh Jān Arreh Jān and Areh Jān; also known as Arjān Eradzyan and Zaradzian) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 449 in 84 families.
 Zapieka [zaˈpjɛka] (German: Kaulbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-east of Ostróda and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 130.
 Mehelkuna is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7649 people living in 1404 individual households Ravindra Khatri was born here in 1972.
 Bańska Wyżna [ˈbaɲska ˈvɨʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szaflary within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Szaflary 8 km (5 mi) south of Nowy Targ and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 600.
 Taqab (Persian: تاقاب‎ also Romanized as Tāqāb) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 33 families.
 Mammen is a village in Viborg Municipality Denmark 7 km north of Bjerringbro.The Mammen area was the finding site of the famous and rich Mammen chamber tomb; a Viking Age chamber tomb complete with the remains and offerings of a wealthy magnate burial in the winter of 970-71 AD. The tomb was opened in 1868 when a farmer began digging away at the mound of Bjerringhøj. At about the same time a hoard was unearthed closeby in a gravel quarry.
 Haruri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Mahalleh-ye Baghel (Persian: محله بغل‎ also Romanized as Maḩalleh-e Baghel) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 21 families.
 Ban Nampo is a village in Vientiane Province Laos. It is located north along Route 13 from Vang Vieng not far from the eastern bank of the Nam Song River. The Nam Po River flows into the Nam Song to the south. To the north is the village of Pak Pok.
 Kheyrabad-e Koruni (Persian: خيرابادكروني‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e Korūnī; also known as Korūnī-ye Kheyrābād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1125 in 235 families.
 Lyaskovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Parkoszewo [parkɔˈʂɛvɔ] (German name until 1945: Perkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rozkochów [rɔsˈkɔxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Walce 11 km (7 mi) south of Krapkowice and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 640.
 Shirzadabad (Persian: شيرزاداباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrzādābād) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Karchak-e Larijani (Persian: كرچك لاريجاني‎ also Romanized as Karchak-e Lārījānī; also known as Karchak) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 81 families.
 Itahari Bishnupur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4122 people living in 760 individual households.
 Kanachaur is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2403 living in 475 individual households.
 Moghan (Persian: مغان‎ also Romanized as Moghān) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1978 in 544 families.
 Bedlno [ˈbɛdlnɔ] is a village in Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bedlno. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Kutno and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 640.
 Fereydun (Persian: فريدون‎ also Romanized as Fereydūn Farīdūn and Fereidoon) is a village in Shivanat Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 86 families.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Biedowo [bʲɛˈdɔvɔ] (German: Neu Maraunen; 1928-1945: Maraunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Barczewo and 12 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 140.
 Cheshmeh Asal (Persian: چشمه عسل‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh ‘Asal) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Behjatabad (Persian: بهجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Behjatābād) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 32 families.
 Neyzeh Rud (Persian: نيزه رود‎ also Romanized as Neyzeh Rūd) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 59 families.
 Fuleda [fuˈlɛda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Giżycko and 83 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 30. Fuleda was set up in 1505 as one of few royal villages in Masurian region belonging to the Polish royal family.
 Now Kandeh (Persian: نوكنده‎) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 71 families.
 Smithfield is a village in Jefferson County Ohio United States. The population was 869 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.During Morgan's Raid a decisive Union victory in the Civil War in 1863 Confederate Brid. Gen.
 Skitno [ˈskʲitnɔ] (German: Skitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Bartoszyce and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ab Chenar-e Olya (Persian: اب چنارعليا‎ also Romanized as Āb Chenār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āb Chenār-e Zīlā’ī) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 28 families.
 Shah Nazari (Persian: شه نظري‎ also Romanized as Shah Naz̧arī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 32 families.
 Boutarfaya is a village in the commune of Timoudi in Kerzaz District Béchar Province Algeria. The village is located on the northeast bank of the Oued Saoura 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Timoudi and 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Ouled Khoudir.
 Salamat Sara (Persian: سلامت سرا‎ also Romanized as Salāmat Sarā) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District Kelarabad District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 68 families.
 Ysbrechtum (West Frisian: Ysbrechtum; Dutch: IJsbrechtum) is a small village (circa 700 inhabitants) one km from the city of Sneek in Friesland Netherlands.
 Grabie [ˈɡrabjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nowe Miasto 16 km (10 mi) east of Płońsk and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Villa Rural El Palmar is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Saran-e Barshaku (Persian: سران بارشكو‎ also Romanized as Sarān Bārshakū; also known as Sarān) is a village in Jask Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 20 families.
 Mącice [mɔnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Chorzele 36 km (22 mi) north of Przasnysz and 124 km (77 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Parzęczew 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Korytno [kɔˈrɨtnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) east of Radomsko and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 400.
 Belenli is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Amirabad-e Fenderesk (Persian: اميرابادفندرسك‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Fenderesk) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 93 families.
 Liivakünka is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Bardboran (Persian: بردبران‎ also Romanized as Bardborān; also known as Bard Borān-e Bandān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 502 in 90 families.
 Mahabad Culture and Technology Centre (Persian: كشت وصنعت مهاباد‎ – Kesht va Şanʿat-e Mahābād) is a village and culture and technology centre in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 38 families.
 Malary [maˈlarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Karsin 20 km (12 mi) south of Kościerzyna and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dobra Voda is a village in the municipality of Bojnik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 88 people.
 Cisia Wola [ˈt͡ɕiɕa ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielki within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Książ Wielki 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Miechów and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 200.
 Deh-e Now-e Kahan (Persian: دهنوكهن‎; also known as Deh-e Now and Deh Now’īyeh) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Habibabad-e Sofla (Persian: حبيب ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩabībābād-e Soflá) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stary Helenów [ˈstarɨ xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tidalok is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Fardeqan (Persian: فردقان‎ also Romanized as Fardeqān and Fardaqān; also known as Fardaghān and Phardogan) is a village in Khenejin Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 473 in 115 families.
 Eastlake is a home rule village in Manistee County U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 557 at the 2010 census. [home rule villages act PA 278 of 1909) Home rule refers to the authority of a city or village under a state's constitution and laws to draft and adopt a charter for its own government.Eastlake was incorporated as a village in 1912.
 Rujište is a village in the municipality of Ražanj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 413 people.
 Antonin [anˈtɔɲin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szadek 16 km (10 mi) north of Zduńska Wola and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Bezmer Dobrich Province is a village in Tervel Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ʿ‘Eshqābād ‘Ishaqābād and ‘Ishqābād) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1038 in 244 families.
 Yitimu (Persian: يتيمو‎ also Romanized as Yītīmū) is a village in Khorrami Rural District in the Central District of Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Eshgaft-e Mona (Persian: اشگفت منا‎ also Romanized as Eshgaft-e Monā) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Petrovo Blagoevgrad Province is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Hestur (Danish: Hestø) is an island in the central Faroe Islands to the west of Streymoy and the south of Koltur. Hestur means horse in Faroese.On the west coast is a guillemot colony. In the north there is moorland with four small lakes of which Fagradalsvatn is the largest. At Haelur Hestur's southernmost tip there is a lighthouse. The island has one settlement a village also named Hestur on the east coast. The village enjoys the view over Gamlarætt and Velbastaður on Streymoy.
 Karczowiska Górne [kart͡ʂɔˈviska ˈɡurnɛ] (German: Oberkerbswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gronowo Elbląskie 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Elbląg and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 230.
 Godziesze Wielkie [ɡɔˈd͡ʑɛʂɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Godziesze Wielkie. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 112 km (70 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 720.
 Marcinków [marˈt͡ɕiŋkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Żarnów 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Garmejan (Persian: گرمجان‎ also Romanized as Garmejān) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 183 families.
 Takleh-ye Bakhsh-e Do (Persian: تكله بخش 2‎) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Tazeh Kand District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1491 in 295 families.
 Gałęzów [ɡaˈwɛ̃zuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Żmudź 24 km (15 mi) east of Chełm and 88 km (55 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bingham Farms is a village in Southfield Township Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1111 at the 2010 census.
 Dadi (Persian: ددي‎ also Romanized as Dadī) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 17 families.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District Shahrabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 843 in 214 families.
 Kalinówek [kaliˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Solec nad Wisłą 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Lipsko and 132 km (82 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Żabinek [ʐaˈbinɛk] (German: Klein Sabin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wierzchowo 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 310.
 Ovacık is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mohammadiyeh (Persian: محمديه‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadīyeh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 9 families.
 Hofeyreh-ye Seyyedsharaf (Persian: حفيره سيدشرف‎ also Romanized as Ḩofeyreh-ye Seyyedsharaf) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Keelakoil Pathu is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Wilhelmów [vilˈxɛlmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Grójec and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Śniadka Parcele [ˈɕɲatka parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Bodzentyn and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Poczesna [pɔˈt͡ʂɛsna] is a village in Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Poczesna. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Częstochowa and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 786.
 Wysiedle [vɨˈɕɛdlɛ] (German: Woitzel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łobez and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dąbroszyn [dɔmˈbrɔʂɨn] (formerly German Tamsel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Witnica and 39 km (24 mi) west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 820.
 Trí Phải is a commune (xã) and village in Thới Bình District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Biyabanak (Persian: بيابانك‎ also Romanized as Bīyābānaḵ) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District Sorkheh District in the Central District of Sorkheh County Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 131 families.
 Jaworek [jaˈvɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Czastary 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Wieruszów and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gowmazi Osman (Persian: گومازي عثمان‎ also Romanized as Gowmāzī ʿOs̄mān) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Taju-ye Vosta (Persian: تاجوي وسطي‎ also Romanized as Tājū-ye Vosţá; also known as Tājū-ye ‘Olyā and Tājū) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Sula (Persian: مزرعه سولا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sūlā; also known as Sūlā) is a village in Chashm Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rudniki. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Olesno and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.In 2004 the village had a population of 897.
 Malampuzha-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the Malampuzha gram panchayat.
 Skrzelczyce [skʂɛlˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Pierzchnica and 20 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 870.
 Kasavand (Persian: كساوند‎ also Romanized as Kasāvand and Kesāvand) is a village in Kamazan-e Olya Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 114 families.
 Gjadër is a settlement in the Lezhë District northwestern Albania. It is known for the former military air base famous during the Cold War.
 Khiarak (Persian: خيارك‎ also Romanized as Khīārak and Khīyārak; also known as Kūnsūr) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3183 in 709 families.
 Łochowo [wɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białe Błota within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Białe Błota and 11 km (7 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 2600.
 Černíky is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Umm al-Amad (Arabic: أم العمد‎ also spelled Umm al-Amed) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate. Nearby towns include al-Mukharram to the east al-Mukharram al-Tahtani to the northeast Danibah to the north and al-Mishirfeh to the east. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics Jubb al-Jarrah had a population of 2851. Its inhabitants are predominantly Shia Muslims.
 Karakışla Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Gutowo [ɡuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Zławieś Wielka 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Toruń and 26 km (16 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.
 Staniszów [staˈniʂuf] (German: Stonsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podgórzyn within Jelenia Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 km (4 mi) south of Jelenia Góra and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 640.
 Brzezina [bʐɛˈʑina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Cham Mehr-e Pain (Persian: چممهرپايين‎ also Romanized as Cham Mehr-e Pā‘īn; also known as Cham-e Mehr) is a village in Jayedar Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 719 in 147 families.
 Sarney-ye Ashub (Persian: سرني اشوب‎ also Romanized as Sarney-ye Āshūb) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 547 in 127 families.
 Bergsmoen is a village in the municipality of Grong in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of Medjå the municipal center of Grong. The village lies close to the river Namsen in the Namdalen valley.Its population in 2003 was 213 but since 2004 it has not been considered an urban settlement by Statistics Norway and its data is therefore no longer recorded.
 Qarkhun (Persian: قارخون‎ also Romanized as Qārkhūn) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 38 families.
 Murestan (Persian: مورستان‎ also Romanized as Mūrestān; also known as Mol’ston) is a village in Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 47 families.
 Kiota is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Paga is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Melonek [mɛˈlɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Łagów and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 210.
 Devisthan is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1777 persons living in 317 individual households.
 Hoseynabad-e Sang Bast (Persian: حسين ابادسنگ بست‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sang Bast; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shirin Ab (Persian: شيرين اب‎ also Romanized as Shīrīn Āb; also known as Shīrīn Āb-e Tang-e Shāh) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 20 families.
 Puiatu is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 281 (as of 4 January 2010).
 Maran-e Sofla (Persian: مران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Marān-e Soflá and Marrān-e Soflá) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 37 families.
 Mowtowr-e Pey Khvasteh (Persian: موتور پي خواسته‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Pey Khvāsteh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Bukovac (Serbian: Буковац) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pawłowice [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Sędziszów 16 km (10 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 370.
 Qowsheh-ye Sofla (Persian: قوشه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qowsheh-ye Soflá and Qūsheh-ye Soflá; also known as Qosheh Qowsheh-ye Pā'īn and Qūsheh) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 664 in 154 families.
 Stanowice [stanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Strzegom 11 km (7 mi) north of Świdnica and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 1200.
 A. Annapura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Shikarpur taluk of Shimoga district in Karnataka.
 Chobot [ˈxɔbɔt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Halinów 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 28 km (17 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Capitán Solari is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Olaganwatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tudu (Persian: تودو‎ also Romanized as Tūdū) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 30 families.
 Zagaje Smrokowskie [zaˈɡajɛ smrɔˈkɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Słomniki and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 299.
 Abbey (2006 population 130) is a village within rural municipality Miry Creek No. 229. Abbey ranked 4287 in terms of population in Canada. This village is in southwestern Saskatchewan Canada northwest of Swift Current in Division No. 8. Abbey is serviced by Highway 32 near Highway 738.
 Okçular Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kruthivennu is a village and mandal in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Thankot is a large village lies in the west of Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone in central Nepal. It lies in the bed of 'Chandragiri hill'. According to the 1980 Nepal census it has a population of 12047 and has 2820 households. This a main entrance in the capital from rest part of the country.Some of the important places in thankot are 'Tribhuwan park' 'Narayan temple' 'Mahalaxmi Temple''Chadragiri hill'.
 Szydlice [ʂɨdˈlit͡sɛ] (Kashubian: Szëdlëce) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Bytów and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship. It has a population of 56.
 Chak 36 NB (Urdu: چک ٣٦ شمالی) is a village located on the Sargodha Bypass in District of Sargodha Punjab Pakistan.It is located at a distance of approximately 5.5 km from Sargodha city.
 Golchi (Persian: گلچي‎ also Romanized as Golchī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Smólsko [ˈsmulskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Nowogródek Pomorski 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Myślibórz and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Wadi Kabir is a town ship near to Ruwi in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Çorrotat is a village in the municipality of Zhepë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Pipaladi is a village development committee in Kanchanpur District in the Mahakali Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11071 people living in 1739 individual households.
 Koło [ˈkɔwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łaziska 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Opole Lubelskie and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Drečinovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 88 people.
 Emamzadeh Abdollah (Persian: امامزاده عبداله‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh ʿAbdollah; also known as Khānābād) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 78 families.
 Anjireh (Persian: انجيره‎ also Romanized as Anjīreh; also known as Anjīrak Anjīr Āvand Anjīreh-ye Now and Anjīrvand) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 5 families.
 Parudur is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Hruszowice [xruʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stubno 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Przemyśl and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Rusinów [ruˈɕinuf] (German: Rinnersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Świebodzin 39 km (24 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 54 km (34 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Tylwica-Kolonia [tɨlˈvit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Michałowo and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Domab (Persian: دماب‎ also Romanized as Domāb; also known as Dumāb) is a village in Eshen Rural District Mehrdasht District Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 773 in 198 families.Domab is located between the three cities of Khvansar Najafabad and Golpayegan. Domab is approximately 2140 meters above sea level. Located on the southern slope of Dalan mountain Domab is irrigated via seasonal rivers.
 Chumeh-ye Khazaliyeh (Persian: چومه خزعليه‎ also Romanized as Chūmeh-ye Khazʿalīyeh) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 7 families.
 Rig-e Bala (Persian: ريگ بالا‎ also Romanized as Rīg-e Bālā; also known as Rīg Rek and Kalāteh-ye Rīg) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 4 families.
 Nadborowo [nadbɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Żnin and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Bab Ayur (Persian: باب ايور‎ also Romanized as Bāb Ayūr; also known as ‘Ayūr Bāba Aiyūr Bābā Alīvar Bābā Ayūr Bābā Ayyūr and Bovāyūr) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 85 families.
 Korytnica [kɔrɨtˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szydłów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Staszów and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 253.
 Barq va Baran-e Sofla (Persian: برق وباران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Barq va Bārān-e Soflá; also known as Barq va Yārān) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 17 families.
 Vlaško Polje is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 172 people.
 Garbno [ˈɡarbnɔ] (German Laggarben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Barciany 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).[citation needed]
 Trzesieka [tʂɛˈɕɛka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Szczecinek and 140 km (87 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Khandvi is a village in Jalgaon Jamod tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra. Situated on the confluence of State highways 194 and 196 it serves as an important juncture connecting the Jalgaon Jamod tehsil of Buldhana district to the Muktainagar tehsil of the adjacent Jalgaon Khandesh district.
 Nowiniec [nɔˈviɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsko within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubsko 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Żary and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kosli is a village and sub-district (or tahsil) in the Rewari district of Haryana in India. It is situated 80 kilometers from Delhi.According to Haryana State Gazetteer. Kosli was founded in 1193 A.D. by Kosal Dev Singh the grandson of king of Delhi as a Yaduvanshi Ahirs village.
 Thulo Dumba is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2604 persons living in 537 individual households.
 Dobieszewice [dɔbjɛʃɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Janikowo 13 km (8 mi) west of Inowrocław 40 km (25 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Cheshmeh Kareh (Persian: چشمه كره‎; also known as Chashmeh Karan and Cheshmeh Karan) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chlebowice [xlɛbɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Głowno 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vazirabad (Persian: وزيراباد‎ also Romanized as Vazīrābād and Wazīrābād) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 67 families.
 Päelda is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Lakh-e Shak (Persian: لخشك‎) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 25 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Pighmabar Qoli Yolmeh (Persian: مزرعه پيغمبرقلي يلمه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Pīghmabar Qolī Yolmeh) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 51 families.
 Ashk-e Majan Pahlu (Persian: اشكمجان پهلو‎ also Romanized as Ashk-e Mahān Pahlū; also known as Ashk-e Jahān Pahlū) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 81 families.
 Delfanabad (Persian: دلفان اباد‎ also Romanized as Delfānābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 439 in 79 families.
 Malek Ali (Persian: ملک علي‎ also Romanized as Malek ʿAlī; also known as Posht Tang-e Soflá and Poshteh Tang-e Pā’īn) is a village in Tarhan-e Sharqi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 22 families.
 Swolszewice Duże [sfɔlʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Lowell is a village in Dodge County Wisconsin United States along the Beaver Dam River. The population was 340 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Lowell.
 Burayka was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 5 1948. It was located 29 km south of Haifa.A school founded in 1889 during the Ottoman period was located in the village but was closed during the British Mandate period.In 1945 the village had a population of 290. Today a civilian explosives factory is located on the site.
 Puliyakudi is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Sharif (Persian: مزرعه محمدشريف‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad Sharīf) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 8 families.
 Durmeshqan (Persian: دورمشقان‎ also Romanized as Dūrmeshqān and Dūrmoshqān; also known as Darmeshkān Domoshqān Dor Meshkān Dormoshkān and Durmushkha) is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 8 families.
 Kucyk [ˈkut͡sɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gorijuiyeh (Persian: گريجوئيه‎ also Romanized as Gorījū’īyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Żdżanne [ˈʐd͡ʐannɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Krasnystaw and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Srebrniki-Lądy [srɛbrˈniki ˈlɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Javardeh (Persian: جاورده‎ also Romanized as Jāvardeh and Jāvar Deh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1582 in 239 families.
 Tarur-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of Tarur gram panchayat together with Tarur-II.
 Gölebakan Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Khezrabad (Persian: خضراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheẕrābād) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1455 in 356 families.
 Hesar-e Qujeh Baghi (Persian: حصارقوجه باغي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Qūjeh Bāghī; also known as Ḩaşār Ḩeşār Ḩeşār-e Gowjeh Bāghī Ḩeşār-e Moḩammad Şāleḩ Hisār and Hisār Muhammad Sālih) is a village in Sardaran Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 915 in 209 families.
 Sobienie Kiełczewskie Pierwsze [sɔˈbjɛɲɛ kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɛfskʲɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 200. In the village is Voivodship Road 801. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sobienie-Jeziory 23 km (14 mi) south of Otwock and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Warsaw.From 1975 to 1998 this village was in Siedlce Voivodeship.
 Mudenkoppa is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Kirazlı is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 237 people.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Michałowo [mixaˈwɔvɔ] (German: Michelau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 130.
 Belut is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 85 people.
 Wojnity [vɔi̯ˈnitɨ] (German: Woynitt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Wyrąb Karwacki [ˈvɨrɔmp karˈvat͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Przasnysz and 89 km (55 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Köprücü Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 685 people.
 Kamienowola [kamjɛnɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Lubartów and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 284.
 Karatepe Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Shahpurabad (Persian: شاهپوراباد‎ also Romanized as Shāhpūrābād) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 29 families.
 Bomure is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Palesk (Persian: پلسك‎ also Romanized as Pelesk) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 32 families.
 Mardkanlu (Persian: مردكانلو‎ also Romanized as Mardkānlū and Mardakānlū; also known as Mehdī Kānlū) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 32 families.
 Zeyndanlu-ye Olya (Persian: زيندانلوعليا‎ also Romanized as Zeyndānlū-ye ‘Olyā and Zeynadānlū-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Zeydānlū-ye Bālā and Zīnadānlū-ye Bālā) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 46 families.
 Kokarje is a village on the right bank of the Dreta River in the Municipality of Nazarje in Slovenia. Traditionally the area belonged to the Styria region and is now included in the Savinja statistical region.The local church built on a slight elevation south of the settlement is dedicated to the Virgin Mary and belongs to the Parish of Rečica ob Savinji. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1453 but the building was extensively rebuilt in the 17th and 19th centuries.
 Deh-e Molla Abdollah (Persian: ده ملا عبدالله‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mollā ‘Abdollāh; also known as Mollā ‘Abdollāh) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Bon Shovar (Persian: بن شوار‎ also Romanized as Bon Shovār Ban Shovar Bon Shevār and Bon Shūr; also known as Band-e Shovār) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1019 in 170 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Seyf ol Din (Persian: مزرعه سيف الدين‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Seyf ol Dīn) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Wielkie Zanie [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ˈzaɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north of Chojnice and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 131.
 Jankowo [janˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wielbark 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Szczytno and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ekşiler (also called Eşkiler) is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Göksu River valley. The village is to the north of Göksu River and Turkish state highway D.715. Its distance to Silifke is 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) and to Mersin is 95 kilometres (59 mi). The population of the village is 118 as of 2012. Main economic activities of the village are farming and animal breeding.
 Dibaklu (Persian: ديبكلو‎ also Romanized as Dībaklū; also known as Dabaklū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Deh Now-e Yek (Persian: دهنو1‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Yek; also known as Deh-e Now Deh Now and Dehnow) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 6 families.
 Widawa [viˈdava] is a village in Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Widawa. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of Łask and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1300.
 Olbrych [ˈɔlbrɨx] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Mogielnica [mɔɡʲɛlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Korczew 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 109 km (68 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 70.
 Zławieś Wielka [ˈzwavjɛɕ ˈvjɛlka] (German: Groß Bösendorf) is a village in Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zławieś Wielka. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Toruń and 23 km (14 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 894.
 Fudaj (Persian: فوداج‎ also Romanized as Fūdāj and Foodaj; also known as Pūdāj and Fūdāch) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 16 families.
 Aktij Kola (Persian: اكتيج كلا‎ also Romanized as Āktīj Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 742 in 178 families.
 Baluch Abil (Persian: بلوچ ابيل‎ also Romanized as Balūch Ābīl) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 35 families.
 Pooyappally ( Malayalam: പൂയപ്പള്ളി) is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Robatu (Persian: رباطو‎ also Romanized as Robāţū) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Chah-e Hassan Zahedan (Persian: چاه حسین‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 7 families.
 Krosienko [krɔˈɕenkɔ] (German: Krossenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Pasłęk 12 km (7 mi) east of Elbląg and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Zawisty-Króle [zaˈvistɨ ˈkrulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Stare Czaple [ˈstarɛ ˈt͡ʂaplɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Trzebiel 27 km (17 mi) west of Żary and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mangenkop-Alias Ghosenatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Warszewka [varˈʂɛfka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Drobin 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Płock and 86 km (53 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Bągart [ˈbɔŋɡart] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Szarejki [ʂaˈrɛi̯ki] (German: Sareiken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ełk and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Klimontów 24 km (15 mi) west of Sandomierz and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Gashur-e Aliabad (Persian: گشورعلي اباد‎ also Romanized as Gashūr-e ‘Alīābād) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 52 families.
 Żelisław [ʐɛˈliswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Błaszki 22 km (14 mi) west of Sieradz and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wierzchowisko [vjɛʂxɔˈviskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Częstochowa and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 856.
 Zoleykha (Persian: زليخا‎ also Romanized as Zoleykhā) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 98 families.
 Szerzyny [ʂɛˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Szerzyny. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) south-east of Tarnów and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Darreh-ye Eshkaft-e Alikhown (Persian: دره اشكفت عليخون‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Eshkaft-e ʿAlīkhown; also known as Darreh-ye Eshkaft) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Tarbat (Persian: سرتربت‎) is a village in Kojid Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Pietrasze [pjɛˈtraʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sar Galu-ye Sar Asiab (Persian: سرگلوي سراسياب‎ also Romanized as Sar Galū-ye Sar Āsīāb; also known as Sar Galū’īyeh and Sar Kalū) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 11 families.
 Ligota Zamecka [liˈɡɔta zaˈmɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kluczbork and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Svetoblažje is a village in Croatia.
 Sokółki [sɔˈkuu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kazimierz Biskupi 6 km (4 mi) north of Konin and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kerkak (Persian: كركك‎) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 30 families.
 İncirli is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Karaiyavetti is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kahvanak (Persian: كهوانك‎ also Romanized as Kahvānak) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 11 families.
 Chah Gorgi (Persian: چاه گرگي‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gorgī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 55 families.
 Dashtak (Persian: دشتك‎; also known as Dashtak Kawar) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1271 in 256 families.
 Bjørnli is a village in the municipality of Meldal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located just east of the Orkla River about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of Løkken Verk and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of Storås. The Løkken Church is located on the east side of the village.The 0.44-square-kilometre (110-acre) village of Bjørnli has a population (2009) of 284. The population density is 645 inhabitants per square kilometre (1670 /sq mi).
 Shurak (Persian: شورك‎ also Romanized as Shūrak) is a village in Banadkuk Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rodu is a village in Ladnu tehsil of Nagaur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
 Gaj Czernięciński [ˈɡai̯ t͡ʂɛrɲɛnˈt͡ɕiɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Turobin 27 km (17 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 97.
 Nimdangi (Persian: نيم دانگي‎ also Romanized as Nīmdāngī; also known as Nīmdāng) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 13 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 13 families.
 Kiertyny Wielkie [kʲɛrˈtɨnɨ ˈvʲɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bartoszyce and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Halizabad (Persian: هليز آباد‎ also Romanized as Halīzābād and Helīzābād) is a village in Kumasi Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 52 families.
 Vĩnh Phước is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Ballstad is a village in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on a small island off the southwestern tip of the island of Vestvågøya in the Lofoten archipelago. It is one of the largest fishing villages in Lofoten.Ballstad is a coastal village situated near the mouth of Buksnesfjorden where it meets Vestfjorden.
 Niyeh (Persian: نيه‎ also Romanized as Nīyeh and Neyeh; also known as Nīr) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 373 in 123 families.
 Raciąż [ˈrat͡ɕɔ̃ʂ] (German: Reetz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Tuchola and 63 km (39 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 756.
 Grużajny [ɡruˈʐai̯nɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) east of Elbląg and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Świdno [ˈɕfidnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sigori is a village located on the bank of River Punpun in District Patna.Villages in sigori Panchayat JANPUR NARAOLI MAHARAJGANJ HADINAGAR KANORA NONIACHAK.Sigori is surrounded by Punpun River Maharajganj HadinagarShia Bigha in eastBhinnak BighaNarauliNoniachak in southJanpur Makhdumchak Bibipur and nijhra in west and PatringaChakardahGupipur in north. Sigori is hub of small weavers who produces cotton towel Sawls Lungies Shirt Cloths etc.
 Sarbanlar (Persian: ساربانلر‎ also Romanized as Sārbānlar) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 104 families.
 Chah Mazra (Persian: چاه مزراع‎ also Romanized as Chāh Mazrā‘) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 31 families.
 Siran (Persian: سيران‎ also Romanized as Sīrān) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 580 in 157 families.
 Mogilica [mɔɡiˈlit͡sa] (formerly German Neuhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dolice 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dam Tang-e Chahen (Persian: دم تنگ چاهن‎ also Romanized as Dam Tang-e Chāhen; also known as Damtang-e Shāhīn) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Taveh Badom (Persian: طاوه بادام‎ also Romanized as Tāveh Bādom; also known as Kāveh Bādām and Tāvīeh Bādom) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 40 families.
 Prusinowo [pruɕiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Lubasz 6 km (4 mi) south of Czarnków and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ashareh-ye Olya (Persian: عشاره عليا‎ also Romanized as ‘Ashāreh-ye ‘Olyā and ‘Ashāreh ‘Olyā; also known as ‘Ashāreh-ye Bālā) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 19 families.
 Beydili is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Belgundi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka IndiaLocal language is Marathi. Belgundi is Karnataka and Maharashtra Border vilalge.
 Wilcze Błota [ˈvilt͡ʂɛ ˈbwɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Lubichowo 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 112.
 Kępa Karolińska [ˈkɛmpa karɔˈliɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Varnam-e Bala (Persian: ورنام بالا‎ also Romanized as Varnām-e Bālā; also known as Varnām and Varnām-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Novi Mikanovci is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D46 highway.
 Zajača is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 693 people.
 Nowe Biskupice [ˈnɔvɛ bʲiskuˈpʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Warka 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Grójec and 54 km (34 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Qanshenggel is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Papaleh (Persian: پاپاله‎ also Romanized as Pāpāleh) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1094 in 220 families.
 Meleh-ye Vali (Persian: مله ولي‎ also Romanized as Meleh-ye Valī; also known as Meleh-ye Valeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 14 families.
 Yamanlar is a village in Karşıyaka district of İzmir Province Turkey. (Karşıyaka is an intracity district of İzmir.) Yamanlar is situated to the north of İzmir and to the south of the mountain with the same name at 38°32′N 27°07′E. Distance to Karşıyaka is 9 kilometres (5.6 mi). The population of the village is 135 as of 2011.
 Bhardeu is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1746 in 310 individual households.Bhardeu is a small village located in Lalitpur district Bagmati zone Nepal. It has got a beautiful landscape views greenery environment with cool and fresh weather. The people here are generally Tamang(apx.65%) Newar(apx.25%) and Others(apx.10%). The main language spoken here is Tamang and Nepali.
 Dival (Persian: ديول‎ also Romanized as Dīvāl; also known as Dīyūl) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 507 in 84 families.
 Strendur is a village on the Faroese island Eysturoy Denmark located along the Skálafjørður fjord in the Sjóvar municipality.The 2002 population was 816. Its postal code is FO 490. Strendur means beach or strand in the Faroese language.
 Prusy [ˈprusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kondratowice 11 km (7 mi) west of Strzelin and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Bogoria 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Staszów and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 58.
 Alıcık is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Westergeest (West Frisian: Westergeast) (Low Saxon: Westergaist) is a village in Kollumerland c.a. in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 625 citizens. It is located on a slight hill (geest) left by a glacier about a meter above the surrounding land with the oldest building being the church built around 1130.The village is often nicknamed Foestrum though the origin of this name is unclear.
 Ab Bad-e Pedari (Persian: اببادپدري‎ also Romanized as Āb Bād-e Pedarī; also known as Āb Bād Āb Bād-e Peders and Āb Yād-e Badrī) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Ferdowsi (Persian: محمدابادفردوسي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Ferdowsī; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cergowa [t͡sɛrˈɡɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dukla 16 km (10 mi) south of Krosno and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1400.
 Zarośle [zaˈrɔɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Zbiczno 12 km (7 mi) north of Brodnica and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Sarkul Khani (Persian: سركول خاني‎ also Romanized as Sarḵūl Khānī) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rusinów [ruˈɕinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Częstochowa and 81 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 81.
 Danan (Persian: دانان‎ also Romanized as Dānān; also known as Sā‘edābād) is a village in Avalan Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 298 in 69 families.
 Kalnadan-e Pain (Persian: كلنادان پائين‎ also Romanized as Kalnādān-e Pā’īn; also known as Pāeen Kalnādān) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 19 families.
 Vadamanappakkam is a village located in Tiruvannamalai district Tamil Nadu South India.
 Kheymand (Persian: خيمند‎ also known as Kheyrmand) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 35 families.
 Jałowice [jawɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Jaulitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Brody 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Żary and 48 km (30 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Divetsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Dowlat Rud Bar (Persian: دولت رودبار‎ also Romanized as Dowlat Rūd Bār) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 48 families.
 Kushchi-Gasanly is a village in Naftalan Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Baba Salari (Persian: باباسالاري‎ also Romanized as Bābā Sālārī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 6 families.
 Darreh-ye Hud (Persian: دره هود‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Hūd; also known as Dar-e Hūd and Dar Hūk) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 8 families.
 Kalij Kuh (Persian: كليج كوه‎ also Romanized as Kalīj Kūh; also known as Kalīch Kūh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 37 families.
 Kut-e Sheykh (Persian: كوت شيخ‎ also Romanized as Kūt-e Sheykh Koot Sheikh Kut ash Shaikh Kūt osh Sheykh and Kūt Sheykh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 31 families.
 Nazlu (Persian: نازلو‎ also Romanized as Nāzlū) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1311 in 328 families.
 Parappur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India situated near to Kottakkal. The village has an area of 15.11 km2 (4473 sq mi) and is bordered by Vengara Ooragam and Othukkungal villages to the north and Othukkungal village to the east Edarikkod and Kottakkal villages to the south and the Edarikkod and Vengara towards the west.
 Chah-e Shuliyan (Persian: چاه شوليان‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shūlīyān and Chāhshūlīyān) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 79 families.
 Kalancheri is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Anagadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Ab Zani (Persian: آب زني‎ also Romanized as Āb Zanī) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Bartlett is a village located in both Cook County and DuPage County Illinois. A small parcel on the western border is in Kane County. The population was 41208 at the 2010 census.
 Żelichowo [ʐɛliˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kayışlar is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 131 people.
 Muksar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2974 people living in 538 individual households.
 Mareshk (Persian: مارشك‎ also Romanized as Māreshk; also known as Marshak and Marūshk) is a village in Kardeh Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1532 in 334 families.
 Dobrocinek [dɔbrɔˈt͡ɕinɛk] (German Neu Bestendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Morąg 28 km (17 mi) north of Ostróda and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Chah-e Moseyleh (Persian: چاه مسيله‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moseyleh) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 35 families.
 Łukomie [wuˈkɔmjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Chojnice and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bartków [ˈbartkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Korczew 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 108 km (67 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kgope is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. The village is located 50 km north of Gaborone the capital of Botswana and it has a primary school. The population of Kgope was 507 in 2001 census.
 Możdżany [mɔʐˈd͡ʐanɨ] (German: Mosdzehnen; 1930-1945: Borkenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Kruklanki 20 km (12 mi) east of Giżycko and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has an approximate population of 70.
 Sáta is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Sarvegar (Persian: سروگر‎; also known as Sarv Garm) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Esmail Esmaili (Persian: مزرعه اسماعيل اسماعيلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Esmā‘īl Esmā‘īlī) is a village in Rostaq Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Kresy [ˈkrɛsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Asman Bolaghi (Persian: اسمان بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Āsmān Bolāghī) is a village in Ansar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 25 families.
 Khvajeh Monji Kuh (Persian: خواجه منجيكوه‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Monjī Kūh) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 24 families.
 Kunowo [kuˈnɔvɔ] (formerly German Kunow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Banie 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 360.
 Terebiski [tɛrɛˈbʲiskʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sławatycze 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 14.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 71 families.
 Yaneh Sar (Persian: يانه سر‎ also Romanized as Yāneh Sar) is a village in Shohada Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 71 families.
 Chah Jangalbani Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: چاه جنگلباني شماره 2‎ also Romanized as Chāh Jangalbānī Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khinwasar (Hindi: खींवासर) or Kheenwasar or Khiwasar is a village in Laxmangarh tehsil in Sikar district of Rajasthan state in India. It is located at a distance of 15 km east of Laxmangarh. It gets name from the founder person named Khinwa Thori a Hindu Jat about 200 years back. Village has got some signs of old habitations.It has a population of 2240 people half of whom are Jats. Major Jat gotra of the village is Chilka about 100 families.
 Balligavi (Kannada: ಬಳ್ಳಿಗಾವಿ) a town in Shikaripura taluk Shimoga district of Karnataka state India is today known as Belagami or Balagame. Its ancient names are Dakshina KedaraValliggame and Valligrame. Dakshina Kedara means Kedarnath of the South. A place of antiquity it is known for its ancient monuments. It is also famous as the birthplace of the great Virashaiva saint Allama Prabhu and is closely associated with Vachana poet Akka Mahadevi who was born in nearby Udugani.
 Lucin [ˈlut͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 El Rosario (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Codreni is a commune in Cimişlia District Moldova about 30 km (19 mi) to the south of Chişinău. It is composed of two villages Codreni and Zloţi station.
 Ahangaran (Persian: اهنگران‎ also Romanized as Āhangarān and Āhangirān; also known as Āhangarān-e Soflá) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 67 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Tahqiqati Tutun (Persian: مزرعه تحقيقاتي توتون‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Taḩqīqātī Tūtūn; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Taḩqīqātī-ye Ḩeydarlū) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 29 families.
 Good Hope is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Sokolište (Cyrillic: Соколиште) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ojaq (Persian: اجاق‎ also Romanized as Ojāq; also known as Ojagh and Ūchāq) is a village in Sardrud-e Olya Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 621 in 121 families.
 Taqi Kandi (Persian: تقي كندي‎ also Romanized as Taqī Kandī; also known as Mīāndraq) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 18 families.
 Dřínov (Kladno District) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Thummalapalle (Tummalapalli) is a village in Nandivada mandal of Krishna District in Andhra Pradesh state in southern India.The village is in the Krishna River delta. Its economy depends primarily on paddy-based agriculture. Thummalapalle has a population of over one thousand people.
 Olszyna [ɔlˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.The village has a population of 30.
 Sabina is a village in Clinton County Ohio United States. As of the 2010 census the village had a total population of 2564.
 Sanj (Persian: سنج‎ also Romanized as Senj and Sīnj) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 74 families.
 Nowa Sikorska Huta [ˈnɔva ɕiˈkɔrska ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Stężyca 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 77.
 Basat Beygi (Persian: بساط بيگي‎ also Romanized as Basāţ Beygī; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Basāţ Beygī and Qal’eh Basāt) is a village in Kunani Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2676 in 546 families.
 Metsanurme is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Alamabad (Persian: علم اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alamābād; also known as ‘Elmābād Qalamābād and Qalamābād) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Rumarz-e Sofla (Persian: رومرزسفلي‎ also Romanized as Rūmarz-e Soflá; also known as Rūmaz-e Soflá and Rūmorz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 47 families.
 Caroline /ˈkærəlaɪn/ is a village in central Alberta Canada. It is located southwest of Red Deer. The community is named after Caroline Langley daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Langley. The family opened the community's original post office in 1908.
 Abad-e Soleyman (Persian: ابادسليمان‎ also Romanized as Ābād-e Soleymān and Ābād Soleymān; also known as Ābād Dāmdārī-ye Takāpū and Soleymānābād) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 24 families.
 Welaihala Udugoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dartut (Persian: دارتوت‎ also Romanized as Dārtūt) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 22 families.
 Przeździatka-Kolonia [pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑatka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Biała Piska 25 km (16 mi) east of Pisz and 110 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kowsar (Persian: کوثر‎ also Romanized as Kows̄ar) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 43 families.
 Arjrud (Persian: ارجرود‎ also Romanized as Arjrūd and Arjarūd) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 15 families.
 Labatoli is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3499 persons living in 678 individual households.
 Oskowo [ɔsˈkɔvɔ] (German Wutzkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Cewice 18 km (11 mi) south of Lębork and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 211.
 Retkocer is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 96 people.
 Pallippuram is a village in India 5 km from Shertallay in Alleppey Kerala. A serene village it is wedged between Cherthala municipality and Thycattussery panchayath. It is surrounded by Vembanad Lake on eastern and western sides and Chenganda river on its southern side. The bridge over the river connect this area to the mainland of Cherthala.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsko within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Lubsko 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Żary and 40 km (25 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 160.
 Aqbolagh (Persian: اقبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Āqbolāgh; also known as Āq Balāq) is a village in Emamzadeh Hamzehali Rural District Boldaji District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 684 in 169 families.
 Havullu is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 210 people.
 Nowgardan (Persian: نوگردن‎) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 85 families.
 Stróżewko [struˈʐɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Elmsford is a village in Westchester County New York United States. Roughly one mile square the village is fully contained within the borders of the town of Greenburgh. As of the 2010 census the population of Elmsford was 4664.
 Göçük is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the peneplane area to the south of the Taurus Mountains and to the north of Berdan Resorvoir. It is about 20 kilometres (12 mi) to Tarsus and 57 kilometres (35 mi) to Mersin. The population of village is 271 as of 2012. The main crop of the village is grapes.
 Ględy [ˈɡlɛndɨ] (German: Gallinden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łukta 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 260.
 Paproty [paˈprɔtɨ] (formerly German Parpart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Malechowo 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Sławno and 163 km (101 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 140.
 Kishestan (Persian: كيشستان‎ also Romanized as Kīshestān and Kīshastān; also known as Geshestān Ghashistān Keshistan and Qīshestān) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 536 in 148 families.
 Gopalasamudram is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Ḩājīābād) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Beneh Kohol (Persian: بنه كهل‎; also known as Nebeh Kohol) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 646 in 143 families.
 Jarostów [jaˈrɔstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Udanin 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Środa Śląska and 41 kilometres (25 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Długopole Górne (German:Oberlangenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Międzylesie 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of Kłodzko and 103 kilometres (64 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wapnik [ˈvapnik] (German: Kalkstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) west of Lidzbark Warmiński and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn and a short distance east of the Pasłęka River.
 Sběř is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Formerum (West Frisian: Formearum) is a village on Terschelling in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 230 citizens.The Oka 18 which sank near this town. Until recently her funnel could be seen rising out from the sea.
 Wola Puczniewska [ˈvɔla put͡ʂˈɲefska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Lutomiersk 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 29 km (18 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Agnihalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kolar taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 Kariguiyeh (Persian: كريگوييه‎ also Romanized as Karīgū’īyeh) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Gołąbki [ɡɔˈwɔmpki] (German: Spittels) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Pasłęk 20 km (12 mi) east of Elbląg and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 110.
 Nieławice [ɲɛwaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wizna 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Łomża and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nõmmeotsa is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Domecko [dɔˈmɛt͡skɔ] (German Dometzko 1936-45 Althaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komprachcice within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1400.During the Second World War the village then known as Althaus was the base for a working party (E74) of British and Commonwealth prisoners of war under the administration of Stalag VIIIB/344 at Łambinowice (then know as Lamsdorf) in Poland. 
 Pa-ye Takht-e Talkor (Persian: پایتخت تل‌کر‎ also Romanized as Pā-ye Takht-e Talkor; also known as Pātakht Pāyetakht and Pāytakht) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 11 families.
 Sławutowo [swavuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Puck and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 225.
 Peniaky (Ukrainian: Пеняки) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Popowo-Północ [pɔˈpɔvɔ ˈpuu̯nɔt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Nasielsk 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 40 km (25 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Yanıkkaya is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 954 people.
 Hotkovo (Serbian: Хотково) is a village in the municipality of Novi Pazar Serbia.
 Pillaiyarpatti is a village in Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu. It is located at a distance of 8 kilometres from Thanjavur and 3 kilometres from Vallam on the Thanjavur-Vallam road.Pillaiyarpatti has a meaning in it. Pillaiyar = Vinayakar or Lord.Ganesh and patti = villageThis place is better known for vinayakar temple.
 St. Louisville is a village in Licking County Ohio United States along the North Fork of the Licking River. The population was 373 at the 2010 census.
 Křinice is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Phulbari is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3885 people living in 667 individual households.
 Maibella is a town located in the east side of Sivasagar district Assam (India). The town is home to APGCL (ASEB) which is a major electricity production unit in the whole North Eastern Region. Currently APGCL has two Power houses and one new Power house is under construction under BHEL ( Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited ) http://www.bhel.com/home.php
 Malakan (Persian: ملكان‎ also Romanized as Malakān) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 11 families.
 Alaca is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 47 people.
 Lapachito is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Chorągwica [xɔrɔŋɡˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Wieliczka and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sokołowo [sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Września and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1007.
 Bur Malek (Persian: بورملك‎ also Romanized as Būr Malek and Būr Molk; also known as Barmluk Bār Molūk Barmul’k Būrī Molk and Pūr Malek) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 21 families.
 Seyyed Damaneh (Persian: سيددامنه‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Dāmaneh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Šobadine (Serbian: Шобадине) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qezel Suri (Persian: قزلسوري‎ also Romanized as Qezel Sūrī) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 57 families.
 Bahram Beyk (Persian: بهرامبيك‎ also Romanized as Bahrām Beyk; also known as Bahrām Beyg Bairambai Bayrambey and Bayrām Beyk) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 102 families.
 Sjeverovci (Serbian: Сјеверовци) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bhatewadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kucharowo [kuxaˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Borne Sulinowo 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Szczecinek and 135 km (84 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chak 17/14L (Urdu Punjabi: چک ١٧/١٤) is a village of Punjab Pakistan.
 Molla Vali (Persian: ملاولي‎ also Romanized as Mollā Valī) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 19 families.
 Gheybi (Persian: غيبي‎ also Romanized as Gheybī) is a village in Abnama Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1095 in 229 families.
 Aliabad-e Posht Shahr (Persian: علي ابادپشتشهر‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Posht Shahr and ‘Alīābād-e Posht-e Shahr; also known as Alīābād ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e Posht) is a village in Hegmataneh Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4453 in 1137 families.
 Attabiyeh-ye Jonubi (Persian: عطابيه جنوبي‎ also Romanized as ‘Attābīyeh-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 28 families.
 Deh Gap-e Mahmudi (Persian: ده گپمحمودي‎ also Romanized as Deh Gap-e Maḩmūdī; also known as Deh-e Gap and Deh Gap) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 167 families.
 Vaddu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sandur taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Bagh Muri (Persian: باغ موري‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Mūrī Bāgh-e Mūrī Bāgh-e Nūrī and Bāgh-i-Mūrī) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 724 in 167 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as Qeshlāq-e ‘Alīābād and Qishlāq ‘Aliābād) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Pa Qaleh (Persian: پاقلعه‎ also Romanized as Pā Qal‘eh; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Āqākhān) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 52 families.
 Gabrani (Persian: گبراني‎ also Romanized as Gabrānī) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 764 in 132 families.
 Kenarvar (Persian: كنارور‎ also Romanized as Kenārvar) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 44 families.
 Rzymiany [ʐɨˈmjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Pakosławice 11 km (7 mi) north of Nysa and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Tõnumaa is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Głuchów-Lasy [ˈɡwuxuf ˈlasɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Raków and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Pottepitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tonsko Dabe is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Lukarce is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 31 people.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 18 families.
 Kudhës is a village on the Albanian Riviera in Himarë municipality District of Vlorë Albania. The famous Greek football player Sotiris Ninis was born in Kudhës to ethnic Greek parents.
 Burfjord (Kven: Puruvuono; Northern Sami: Buvrovuotna) is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county Norway. It is home to the municipal council of Kvænangen. The population of Burfjord area (2001) was 397.Burfjord lies on the northern border of Troms County along the busy European route E6 highway winding its way through this part of Northern Norway. The village is located at the end of the Burfjorden an arm of the Kvænangen fjord.
 Deh-e Shib (Persian: ده شيب‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Shīb and Dehshīb) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Kosin [ˈkɔɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Annopol 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 680.
 Smugi [ˈsmuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wojciechowice 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Opatów and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 60.
 Punjalkatte is a village in Beltangady taluk of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka in India. This village is located on the Mangalore-Belthangady road. The name Punjalatte is derived from the term Pancha aladakatte. This was a humming village and trading centre during the mediveval and British period. The town has two temples Panchakatte Sri Basavehvara temple and Goplakrishna temple the first was built in 15th century. There are two mosques.
 Molla Hamzeh (Persian: ملاحمزه‎ also Romanized as Mollā Ḩamzeh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Velar is a small village surrounded by hills in the Pali district of Rajasthan in India. Its population is around 800. It is attached to the western railway. The nearest station is Nana (6 km).Velar has a history dating back to more than a thousand years and hosts many temples. The village is very old. It has existed for the last 1200 years. There is evidence that shows that it was in existence at the time of the ruler Prithiviraj Chouhan i.e. (1166-1192 AD).
 Arumulai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Brzezina [bʐɛˈʑina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Walce 9 km (6 mi) south of Krapkowice and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Yengikand (Persian: ينگي كند‎ also Romanized as Yengīkand; also known as Nīkī Kand Yengī Kandī and Yengīkhend) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 41 families.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Abu Feli (Persian: ابوفيلي‎ also Romanized as Abū Felī) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Tangadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Moodabidri (Tulu: ಮೂಡಬಿದ್ರಿ Kannada: ಮೂಡಬಿದ್ರಿ) (also called Mudbidri Moodbiri and Bedra) is a small town 37 km northeast of the Dakshina Kannada district headquarters Mangalore in Karnataka India.Because of widely grown bamboo in ancient days this place got named as Moodabidri. Moodabidri comes from two words: Moodu and Bidiru. Moodu means East and Bidiru means bamboo. This place was also known as Mooduvenupura (Kannada: ಮೂಡುವೇಣುಪುರ).Its average elevation is 147 metres (482 feet).
 Nowe Sypnie [ˈnɔvɛ ˈsɨpɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Grodzisk 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 60.
 Geyikbayırı Konyaaltı is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Jelna [ˈjɛlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek nad Dunajcem within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Nowy Sącz and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Truskolasy-Olszyna [truskɔˈlasɨ ɔlˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 200.
 Gaj-Grzmięca [ˈɡai̯ ˈɡʐmjɛnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Zbiczno 11 km (7 mi) north of Brodnica and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.
 Ilıpınar is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Jarcewo [jarˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Chojnice and 100 km (62 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 182.
 Ćatovići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sivand (Persian: سيوند‎ also Romanized as Sīvand; also known as Sīvān) is a village in Khafrak-e Olya Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. It is located in the Sivand valley and is mostly known for the nearby Sivand Dam. At the 2006 census its population was 3130 in 861 families.Sivand has a warm climate and contains vast pastures. It has relatively dry winters with some occasional snowfall.
 Lubiatówko [lubjaˈtufkɔ] (German: Liebenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dolsk 10 km (6 mi) south of Śrem and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Owdlu (Persian: اودلو‎ also Romanized as Owdlū; also known as Odelūn and ‘Ūdelū) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bisheh Boneh (Persian: بيشه بنه‎ also Romanized as Bīsheh Boneh; also known as Bīsheh Band and Bīsheh Tappeh) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 641 in 164 families.
 Tilsi is a village in Laheda Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Galeh Mu (Persian: گله موه‎ also Romanized as Galeh Mū) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 4 families.
 Nay Band (Persian: ناي بند‎ also Romanized as Nāy Band Naiband and Ney Band; also known as Naibandān and Neyban) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 133 families.
 Miandarreh (Persian: ميان دره‎ also Romanized as Mīāndarreh) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 5 families.
 Küçükkuz is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 51 people.
 Wojkowo [vɔi̯ˈkɔvɔ] (German: Heinrichsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Hajji Abd ol Vahhab (Persian: حاجي عبدالوهاب /حاجي رمضان /‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī ‘Abd ol Vahhāb; also known as Hāj Abdolvāhāb Ḩājj ‘Abd ol Vahhāb Qal‘eh-ye Ḩājj Rameẕān and Ḩājjī Rameẕān) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 131 families.
 Lipniak [ˈlipɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Stanin 18 km (11 mi) west of Łuków and 82 km (51 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bostancı is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 610 people.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Esfarjan Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1197 in 305 families.Aminabad lies south of Shahreza near the border of Fars Province along the main highway No.
 Goniczki [ɡɔˈnit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Września and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Głody [ˈɡwɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Perlejewo 32 km (20 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 25.
 Khodanapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Mowtowr-e Nowruz (Persian: موتورنوروز‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nowrūz) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 9 families.
 Żółwia Błoć [ˈʐuu̯vja ˈbwɔt͡ɕ] (German: Barfußdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Lauria Nandangarh is a village about 14 km from Shikarpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) and 28 km from Bettiah in West Champaran district of Bihar state in northern India. It is situated near the banks of the Burhi Gandak River. The village draws its name from a pillar (laur) of Ashoka standing there and the stupa mound Nandangarh (variant Nanadgarh) about 2 km south-west of the pillar.
 Cayuga is a village in Cayuga County New York United States. The population was 549 at the 2010 census. The village derives its name from the local Cayuga tribe and the lake named after them.The Village of Cayuga is in the western part of the Town of Aurelius.
 Starilkovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Sadun Sheykh Mohammad (Persian: سعدون شيخ محمد‎ also Romanized as Sa’dūn Sheykh Moḩammad; also known as Shaikh Mohammad-e Yeké Sádoon Sheykh Mohammad and Sheykh Moḩammad-e Yek) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 17 families.
 Esfahak (Persian: اصفهك‎ also Romanized as Eşfahak; also known as Aspāk) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 726 in 192 families.
 Dama (Arabic: داما‎) is a village in southwest Syria in As Suwaydā' Governorate. It is located in the heart of the Lejah lava plateau 29 km north west of the city of As Suwayda. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Dama had a population of 1799 in the 2004 census.
 Kropáčova Vrutice is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Potomje is a settlement in Croatia. It is connected by the D414 road.
 Buteh Gaz (Persian: بوته گز‎ also Romanized as Būteh Gaz; also known as Botteh Gaz Būta Gaz and Būteh Kār) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 22 families.
 Hapugaspitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 113 families.
 Bezdan (Serbian: Bezdan / Бездан Hungarian: Bezdán Croatian: Bezdan German: Besdan) is a village located in Bačka Vojvodina Serbia. It is situated in the Sombor municipality West Bačka District. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbers at 5263 people (2002 census).
 Khidr Marghuth is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Gornji Drenovac is a village in the municipality of Žitorađa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 420 people.
 Dowla Pasan (Persian: دولاپسان‎ also Romanized as Dowlā Pasān; also known as Dolāpesān Doleh Pasān and Dowleh Pasān) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 30 families.
 Sardav (Persian: سرداو‎ also Romanized as Sardāv; also known as Sardāb) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 70 families.
 Kalateh-ye Beyghamza (Persian: كلاته بيغمزا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Beyghamzā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Beghamzā and Kalāteh-ye Beghamzār) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kiełpiny [kʲɛu̯ˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Qatrun Al Katrun Gatrone or Al Gatrun (القطرون in Arabic) is a village in the Murzuq District in southern Libya on the main road to Chad and Niger. It has a filling station (gas station) and a Niger consulate office is located there. When the border checkpoint 310 kilometres south at Tumu is closed travelers crossing into Libya from Niger report in at Qatrun.The town was briefly captured by the National Liberation Army during the Libyan civil war in July 2011.
 Jaworowo [javɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Petkuh (Persian: پتكوه‎ also Romanized as Petkūh) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tutunsez (Persian: توتونسز‎ also Romanized as Tūtūnsez; also known as Tutunsas Tūtūnsīn Tūtūnsīz Tutunsus and Tyutyunsis) is a village in Yurchi-ye Sharqi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 62 families.
 Shurab-e Tork (Persian: شوراب ترك‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Tork; also known as Shūr Āb) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 9 families.
 Radovesnice I is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mawilmada is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within the district of Kandy in the Central Province. This primitive village is known for their ethnic clothing often consisting of vibrant colors and exotic jewelry. Communication among tribals is deep and guttural often manifesting as a buh noise. They are a kind and gentle people.
 Adamin [aˈdamin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Koło and 135 km (84 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 250.
 Gol Gol-e Sofla (Persian: گل گل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gol Gol-e Soflá; also known as Gol Gol and Gulgul) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 742 in 178 families.
 Namadi is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3746 people living in 736 individual households.
 Kotezi (Cyrillic: Котези) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gorzędów [ɡɔˈʐɛnduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kamieńsk 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Radomsko and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 832.
 Siddheswor is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3390 persons living in 630 individual households. Two major bazaars are Dama on the northwest ridge where the secondary school is located and Mandre in the eastern valley where the middle school is located.
 Biadoliny Radłowskie [bjadɔˈlinɨ raˈdwɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wojnicz 17 km (11 mi) west of Tarnów and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Chanasak (Persian: چناسك‎ also Romanized as Chanāsak and Chenāsk) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 133 families.
 Wierzchowo-Dworzec [vjɛʂˈxɔvɔ ˈdvɔʐɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Człuchów and 115 km (71 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 654.
 Miltonsburg is a village in Monroe County Ohio United States. The population was 43 at the 2010 census.Miltonsburg is served by the Monroe County District Library from its administrative offices in Woodsfield.
 Sojczyn Grądowy [ˈsɔi̯t͡ʂɨn ɡrɔnˈdɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Grajewo and 64 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Zeleno darvo is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Zirkeyk (Persian: زيركيك‎ also Romanized as Zīrkeyk; also known as Ganzerīg Genizī Zīrīk and Zīnkīk) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 35 families.
 Utica is a village in Knox and Licking counties in the U.S. state of Ohio along the North Fork of the Licking River. The population was 2132 at the 2010 census.The village is home to the general headquarters (HQ) of the Velvet Ice Cream Company at the Ye Olde Mill just south of the village. The mill is a popular regional tourist attraction with an ice cream parlor and restaurant and wildlife and picnic areas.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 km (13 mi) east of Mława and 108 km (67 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Rasulabad-e Sofla (Persian: رسول ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Rasūlābād-e Soflá; also known as Tājābād-e Pā’īn Tājābād-e Soflá Tājābād Pāīn and Tājīābād-e Soflá) is a village in Abrumand Rural District in the Central District of Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1855 in 495 families.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Konin and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Strzegowo [stʂɛˈɡɔvɔ] is a village on the Wkra river in Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Strzegowo. It was formerly known as Strzegowo-Osada (Strzegowo settlement). It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Mława and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has approximarly 8000 inhabitants. Before World War II 30% of the population of the village was Jewish.
 Diadibeny Gandega is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Bukkampatti (Tamil:புக்கம்பட்டி) is a Village Panchayat in Mecheri taluk in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Świechocin [ɕfjɛˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Pszczew 20 km (12 mi) east of Międzyrzecz 51 km (32 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 66 km (41 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Qeshlaq-e Padarjamal (Persian: قشلاق پادارجمال‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Pādārjamāl) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 13 families.
 Al Jumum is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Jarosławki [jarɔˈswafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Książ Wielkopolski 11 km (7 mi) east of Śrem and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 41.
 Rayegan-e Olya (Persian: رايگان عليا‎ also Romanized as Rāyegān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Rāyegān-e Bālā Rāykān-e Bālā Rāykān-e ‘Olyā and Rikān Bāla) is a village in Mohajeran Rural District Lalejin District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 88 families.
 Sheykh Mohammad Rezayi (Persian: شيخ محمدرضايي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Moḩammad Reẕāyī) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 12 families.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1286 in 331 families.
 Ahmadabad-e Tefli (Persian: احمد آباد تفلي‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Teflī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Razab Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 74 families.
 Sławowice [swavɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wołów and 34 kilometres (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Al-Adnaniyah (Arabic: العدنانية) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Al-Adnaniyah had a population of 238 in the 2004 census.
 Gholam Ali (Persian: غلامعلي‎ also Romanized as Gholām ʿAlī and Gholām‘alī; also known as Gholām) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 69 families.
 Donji Palež is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sinhasani is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3520 persons living in 589 individual households.
 Đông Hưng is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Nam District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Julianów [juˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Tczów 4 km (2 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 106 km (66 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Radziszewo Stare [rad͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ciechanowiec 29 km (18 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 63.
 Buitenpost (Bûtenpost in West Frisian) is a town in north-east Friesland in the Netherlands.It lies approximately halfway between the cities of Leeuwarden (the capital of Friesland) and Groningen in the northern part of the municipality of Achtkarspelen.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 51 families.
 Paresk (Persian: پرسك‎ also Romanized as Paresg; also known as Paresk-e Soflá and Parāsh) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 90 families.
 Mali Darreh (Persian: مالي دره‎ also Romanized as Mālī Darreh) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Naga-Namgor is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260868.
 Parch (Persian: پارچ‎ also Romanized as Pārch) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 45 families.
 Bikówek [biˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Grójec and 37 km (23 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Czermnica [t͡ʂɛrmˈnit͡sa] (German: Rothenfier) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Nowogard 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Khaneh Hay Mehrollah (Persian: خانه هاي مهراله‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Hāy Mehrollah; also known as Naz̧erābād) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Djoièzi is a village on the island of Moheli in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1636.
 Manchikallu is a village in Rentachintala mandal Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.Manchikallu has a population of two thousand five hundred of ReddyKamma VysyaBCMuslimsSC and ST. The primary occupation is agriculture cultivating rice chilli and cotton. Manchikallu is also known for software engineersCA who work throughout India and other countries.Some of the surnames of families in the village are GogulaPotlapatiMaddigapauSyamalaYarapathineni etc.
 Bandul (Persian: بندول‎ also Romanized as Bandūl; also known as Bandol) is a village in Dezli Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 87 families.
 Kart Zani (Persian: كرت زني‎ also Romanized as Kart Zanī; also known as Kūrt Zanī) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 29 families.
 Akh Kand (Persian: آخكند‎ also Romanized as Ākh Kand; also known as Āq Kand and Āqkand) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 542 in 115 families.
 Estahuiyeh (Persian: اسطاهوييه‎ also Romanized as Estāhū’īyeh; also known as Estakhr Estākhū’īyeh Istahu and Ostāhū’īyeh) is a village in Raviz Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 34 families.
 Kanichar is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala. Kanichar is a Grama Panchayath (a local self-government). The current political party in charge of the Panchayath is the UDF and its president is Pal Gopalan. There are thirteen wards in Grama Panchayath the most attractive one being Kadanmala .[citation needed]
 Taleh Razeh (Persian: تله رزه‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Witkówko [vitˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Witkowo 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Gniezno and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Lucimia [luˈt͡ɕimja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przyłęk 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Zwoleń and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Przyrąb [ˈpʂɨrɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wodzisław 15 km (9 mi) south of Jędrzejów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Puelches is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
 Ovesné Kladruby (German: Habakladrau) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sveti Križ is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D205 highway.
 Gashur-e Qaleh Mohammad (Persian: گشورقلعه محمد‎ also Romanized as Gashūr-e Qal‘eh Moḩammad; also known as Qal‘eh Moḩammad Kalām-i- Ahmad Keshvar Qal‘eh Moḩammad Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad and Qolā Moḩammad) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Laszki [ˈlaʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zabłudów and 19 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 50.
 Kondhali is a village in Nagpur District Nagpur Division Maharashtra India about halfway between Talegaon and Nagpur on NH-6. It is 42 km from Nagpur 17 km from Katol.
 Chumeh-ye Seyyed Alvan (Persian: چومه سيدعلوان‎ also Romanized as Chūmeh-ye Seyyed Alvān) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3132 in 577 families.
 Toutel is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 About this sound Jaworzynka is a village in Gmina Istebna Cieszyn County in Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. The village is situated in Beskid Śląski mountain range near to the borders with the Czech Republic and Slovakia in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
 Qaleh-ye Now-e Fashapuyeh (Persian: قلعه نوفشاپويه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Now-e Fashāpūyeh) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 94 families.
 Nesar Direh (Persian: نسارديره‎ also Romanized as Nesār Dīreh; also known as Dēhra Nesār and Nesāreh Dīreh) is a village in Direh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 913 in 196 families.
 Yangijeh (Persian: ينگيجه‎ also Romanized as Yangījeh and Yengījeh; also knowna s Angcheh Angicheh and Yengejeh) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 377 in 80 families.
 Masil al-Jizl was a Palestinian Arab village in the District of Baysan. It was depopulated by the Israel Defense Forces during the Arab-Israeli War. It was attacked on May 31 1948 as part of Operation Gideon. In 1931 it had a population of 197 by 1948 this had declined to 116. 47 houses were located in the village before it was depopulated.
 Chróścielów [xruɕˈt͡ɕeluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Kietrz 16 km (10 mi) south of Głubczyce and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 468.
 Khajuri Khurd is a panchayat village in Koraon Tehsil in Allahabad District Uttar Pradesh India. It is about 1.5 km by road south of the village of Khajuri Kalan and about 2 km by road northeast of the village of Kukurhata. Administratively it is a gram panchayat under Koraon Tehsil.
 Ziarat-e Bozorg (Persian: زيارت بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Zīārat-e Bozorg; also known as Zeyārat and Zīārat) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 95 families.
 Gençali is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Var-e Zard (Persian: ورزرد‎) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 94 families.
 Hellvik is a village in the municipality of Nesodden Norway. It is situated on the eastern coast of Nesodden facing the Bunnefjorden. Hellvik lies north of Berger east of Skoklefall and south of Ursvik.
 Suragabad (Persian: سورگ اباد‎ also Romanized as Sūragābād; also known as Sharīkābād) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 645 in 118 families.
 Masha-ye Baqayi (Persian: مشاع بقايي‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Baqāyī) is a village in Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District Central District Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dziergowice [d͡ʑɛrɡɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bierawa 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 3000.
 Biardy [ˈbjardɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Łuków and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gavehsoltani (Persian: گوه سلطاني‎ also Romanized as Gavehsolṭānī) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Cimdenieki is a small suburban settlement in Grobiņa parish near Liepāja Latvia. The river Ālande flows through Cimdenieki.Cimdenieki is mostly known for its proximity to Liepāja International Airport.
 Pokrzywna [pɔˈkʂɨvna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rawa Mazowiecka and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Narty [ˈnartɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Milmilak (Persian: ميل ميلك‎ also Romanized as Mīlmīlak) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 53 families.
 Azizabad (Persian: عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād; also known as Bīzhanābād-e Soflá) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Rukhala is a village under Giddarbaha Tehsil in Sri Muktsar Sahib district in the Indian state of Punjab (Eastern Punjab).
 Kuzca Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca Antalya Province Turkey.
 Tammistu is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Central Lake is a village in Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 952 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Central Lake Township.Central Lake is situated on a lake which is in the center of a chain of lakes and rivers in the county hence the name.
 McArthur is a village in Vinton County Ohio United States. The population was 1701 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Vinton County. As the county seat of Vinton County McArthur has been in existence since 1815 and took its name from Duncan McArthur an army general in the War of 1812.
 Sefid Kamar (Persian: سفيدكمر‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Kamar; also known as Asem Kamar Esmīshamr Ismichamr’ and Ismishamar) is a village in Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 648 in 189 families.
 Bala Marzbal (Persian: بالامرزبال‎ also Romanized as Bālā Marzbāl) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 36 families.
 Kolari is a village in the municipality of Smederevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1196 people.
 Słabkowice [swapkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Lashkeran (Persian: لشكران‎ also Romanized as Lashkerān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Sint Philipsland is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. Sint Philpsland is also the name of the (former) island on which the village lies. It is a part of the municipality of Tholen and lies about 16 km northwest of Bergen op Zoom.Sint Philipsland was a separate municipality until 1995 when it was merged with Tholen.In 2001 the village of Sint Philipsland had 2002 inhabitants.
 Khamiran (Persian: خميران‎ also Romanized as Khamīrān; also known as Khamīrūn and Khemeru) is a village in Var Posht Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 608 in 165 families.
 Dębinki [dɛmˈbinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Serock 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Legionowo and 36 km (22 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Popiołki [pɔˈpjɔu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kolno and 98 km (61 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 147.
 Var Abdollah (Persian: ورعبداله‎ also Romanized as Var ‘Abdollāh) is a village in Vardanjan Rural District Ben District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Królowe Stojło [kruˈlɔvɛ ˈstɔi̯wɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Diomaténé is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 96 square kilometers and includes four villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4274. The village of Diomaténé the chef-lieu of the commune is 11 km north of Sikasso.
 Choqa Kabud (Persian: چقاكبود‎ also Romanized as Choqā Kabūd; also known as Kālkeh) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 11 families.
 Nowe Kusy [ˈnɔvɛ ˈkusɨ] (German: Neu Kußfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland with a population of about 315. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Pasłęk 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kalak Bisheh-ye Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: كلكبيشه سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Kalaḵ Bīsheh-ye Seyyed Moḥammad) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kopanica [kɔpaˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Nowinka 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Augustów and 94 km (58 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mirza Ali Bahram Beygi (Persian: ميرزاعلي بهرام بيگي‎ also Romanized as Mīrzā ʿAlī Bahrām Beygī; also known as Sartol (Persian: سرتل ) and Sar Tall and Sartol) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 48 families.
 Kabiri (Persian: كبيري‎ also Romanized as Kabīrī) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Guy Nik (Persian: گوي نيك‎ also Romanized as Gūy Nīk and Gūynak) is a village in Raz Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 454 in 126 families.
 Brzeziny-Kolonia [bʐɛˈʑinɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Poczesna 8 km (5 mi) south of Częstochowa and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 499.
 Bonin [ˈbɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Choszczno and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Velashjerd (Persian: ولاشجرد‎ also Romanized as Velāshjerd; also known as Vāl Shāgerd and Wāla Shāgird) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1348 in 286 families.
 Cẩm Giàng is a rural commune (xã) and village in Bạch Thông District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.It's pronounced (Vietnamese: Cẩm Giàng) the same as a district (huyện) of Hải Dương Province in the Red River Delta region of Vietnam. As of 2003 the district had a population of 121298. The district covers an area of 109 km². The district capital lies at Lai Cach town.
 Goski Duże [ˈɡɔski ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Firuz Kola-ye Olya (Persian: فيروزكلاعليا‎ also Romanized as Fīrūz Kolā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Fīrūz Kalā and Fīrūz Kolā-ye Bālā) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 41 families.
 Guzdek [ˈɡuzdɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 125 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 40.
 Yeniköy is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 118 people.
 Chah-e Pet (Persian: چاه پت‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pet) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kosewo [kɔˈsɛvɔ] (German: Kossewen 1938-45:Rechenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Mrągowo and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 370.
 Stary Henryków [ˈstarɨ xɛnˈrɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepłowody within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Aznavaleh Ganji (Persian: ازناوله گنجي‎ also Romanized as Aznāvaleh Gānjī and Aznāvleh Gānjī; also known as Aznauleh Aznāvaleh and Aznāvleh) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Budzigniew [buˈd͡ʑiɡɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słońsk within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Shur Daraq (Persian: شوردرق‎ also Romanized as Shūr Daraq; also known as Sūr Daraq) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 21 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammadiyeh (Persian: مزرعه محمديه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammadīyeh) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chabok (Persian: چابك‎ also Romanized as Chābok) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Laudonovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Лаудоновац) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Plandište municipality South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(66.66%) with a present Romanian(16.66%) and Macedonian(8.33%) minority. Its population numbering 24 people (2002 census).
 Dumara is a panchayat village in Gujarat India. Administratively it is under Abdasa Taluka Kutch District Gujarat. The village of Dumara sits on the left (west) bank of the Chok River an intermittent stream. It is 20 km (12 mi) by road southeast of the village of Kothara along National Highway 8A and 38 km (24 mi) along the same road northwest of the town of Mandvi.
 İhsaniye Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Mieczownica [mjɛt͡ʂɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ostrowite 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Słupca and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bedlno 20 km (12 mi) east of Kutno and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Haugland is a village in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county Norway. The village is located on the mainland coast along the Aldersundet strait between the mainland and Aldra island. Norwegian County Road 17 passes through the village. Aldersund Church is located in Haugland and it serves the eastern part of the municipality.
 Grabownica [ɡrabɔvˈnit͡sa] (German: Charlottenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Milicz and 48 kilometres (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kateh Gonbad (Persian: كته گنبد‎) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 989 in 239 families.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 26 families.
 Zagrađe (Serbian: Заграђе) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Przywidz [ˈpʂɨvit͡s] (Kashubian: Przëwidz German: Mariensee) is a village in Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przywidz. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1673.
 Jaju-ye Faj (Persian: جاجوفاج‎ also Romanized as Jājū-ye Fāj; also known as Jājū) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Narges Marz (Persian: نرگس مرز‎; also known as Narges Marzeh and Narges Marzeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 77 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qeshlaq-e Tumar Sadeq Moharram (Persian: قشلاق تومارصادق محرم‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Tūmār Şādeq Moḥarram) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kar Fun (Persian: كرفون‎ also Romanized as Kar Fūn) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District Bahnemir District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 481 in 122 families.
 Nughab (Persian: نوغاب‎ also Romanized as Nūghāb; also known as Nūqāb and Noqāb) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 902 in 222 families.
 Sutki [ˈsutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Shahrak-e Vahdat-e Eslami (Persian: شهرک وحدت اسلامي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Vaḥdat-e Eslāmī; also known as Vaḥdat-e Eslāmī) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1441 in 308 families.
 Emamzadeh Soltan Shahbaz (Persian: امامزاده سلطان شهباز‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Solţān Shahbāz) is a village in Ij Rural District in the Central District of Estahban County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Uluçayır is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 164 people.
 Elçiler is a village in the District of Tut Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Matalvan (Persian: متلوان‎ also Romanized as Matalvān) is a village in Deh Pain Rural District in the Central District of Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Thalajung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3357 and had 630 houses.
 Kasor is a village located at coordinates: Lat: 22° 33' 3.62N 72° 46'22E in Sojitra Taluka and Anand District in the Gujarat State of India. Kasor is a biggest village in Sojitra “Taluka”. The village has an entrance from the State Highway 83 (Anand – Sojitra) in Gujarat. Entrance Gate of Kasor came off the highway just after 2.5 km drive.
 Musalan (Persian: موسالان‎ also Romanized as Mūsālān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 572 in 85 families.
 Bollikunta is a village in Sangam mandal Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is located just to the south of the Warangal Airport in Mamnoor on the east side of State Highway 240. The Vaagdevi College of Engineering is located on the west side of the village.A mother in the village was the focus of a February 2014 profile in The New York Times about the issue of farmers' suicides in India.
 Krushevo is a compact mountainous village in Garmen Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated in the Dabrash part of the Rhodope Mountains 5 kilometers east of Garmen and 80 kilometers southeast of Blagoevgrad. The village is connected with the third class road from Gotse Delchev to Satovcha by a 2 kilometers of asphalt road going north from the main road and continuing to Oreshe.Krushevo was mentioned for first time in 1660 in the Ottoman documents.
 Drokan (Serbian: Дрокан) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Brzeźnik [ˈbʐɛʑnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Manzariyeh (Persian: منظريه‎ also Romanized as Manẓarīyeh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bartley is a village in Red Willow County Nebraska United States. The population was 283 at the 2010 census.
 Mleczno [ˈmlɛt͡ʂnɔ] (German: Mlitsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Rudna 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Lubin and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 El Paranacito is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Kurzeh (Persian: كورزه‎ also Romanized as Kūrzeh and Koorzeh; also known as Kuraza Kūrehzeh Kūreh Z̄eq Kurze and Kyuryaza) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 316 in 63 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 16 households used Kurzeh as their winter quarters.
 Nääri is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Los Juríes is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Górki Grubaki [ˈɡurki ɡruˈbaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Brudzyno [bruˈd͡zɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Saltmills (Irish: Muileann an tSáile) is a small village located in the south-west of County Wexford in Ireland. The village is located at the head of a small inlet that enters Bannow Bay. The village received its apt name from the renowned Iron Age salt mills that existed just outside the village.
 Titkuri is a village in Kamrup rural district situated in north bank of river Brahmaputra surrounded by Udiana Goreswar and Baihata
 Meymun Darreh (Persian: ميموندره‎ also Romanized as Meymūn Darreh; also known as Mehmāndār Mehmāndarreh Mihmūndar and Mikhmundar) is a village in Abharrud Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1028 in 252 families.
 Papoli-ye Olya (Persian: پاپلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Pāpolī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Pāpolī-ye Bālā) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 8 families.
 Lihme is a village in Skive Municipality Denmark.
 Dziadkówko [d͡ʑatˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mieleszyn 17 km (11 mi) north of Gniezno and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Buczek [ˈbut͡ʂɛk] (German Butschek) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ujazd 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Strzelce Opolskie and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Cornet Chahwan (Arabic: قرنة شهوان‎ also spelled Kornet Chehwan) is a sizable town in the Mount Lebanon area of Lebanon's Metn District. Cornet Chahwan houses the headquarters for the chab (www.chab.gov.lb) municipalities of 4 villages (including Cornet Chahwan) namely Ain Aar Beit El Kikko and Hbous. The total area governed by chab municipalities is around 5 million square meters of land out of which over 30% is covered by green spaces.
 Dar Khorma (Persian: دارخرما‎ also Romanized as Dār Khormā) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rangam-peta is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Mansfeldy [mansˈfɛldɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Iłowo-Osada 5 km (3 mi) south-east of Działdowo and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 70.
 Mahnabad (Persian: مهن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mahnābād; also known as Mahābād and Mahīnābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 68 families.
 Wojciechowo [vɔi̯t͡ɕeˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Siemiątkowo 26 km (16 mi) south of Żuromin and 97 km (60 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Bhaluwa is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3537 people living in 668 individual households.
 Thành An is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District Bến Tre Province Vietnam. The commune covers 11.32 km² with a population of 8106 (as of 1999) the population density of 716 inhabitants/km².
 Mehergaon is a small village in India located in the north-west region of the state of Maharashtra. The primary language is Ahirani. Mehergaon has a diverse climate. The temperature varies from 10 to 48 degrees Celsius. It is exceptionally hot and dry during summer with temperature reaching as high as 45 degrees Celsius.It hosts a population of less than 1000. It is abounded by various places like Amalgaon on the East Pingalwade on the West Gandhali on the North and Ninbhora on the South.
 Biały Ług [ˈbjawɨ ˈwuk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Zduńska Wola and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dolní Hbity is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Galleh Dari Tal Puk (Persian: گله داري تل پوك‎ also Romanized as Galleh Dārī Tal Pūk) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 47 families.
 Niedziałka Druga [ɲeˈd͡ʑau̯ka ˈdruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Allahlu (Persian: لله لو‎ also Romanized as Allahlū; also known as Lalahlū) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 49 families.
 Aghcheh Dizej (Persian: اغچه ديزج‎ also Romanized as Āghcheh Dīzej; also known as Āghjeh Dīzaj Āghjeh Dīzeh Āqchehdīzeh and Āqjeh Dīzeh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 343 in 61 families.
 Frkljevci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 385. The village is connected by the D525 state road.
 Jamnik [ˈjamnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mucharz within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Wadowice and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Upshi is a village and road junction on the Leh-Manali Highway in Ladakh region of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. It is located 47 km (29 mi) to the southeast of Leh along the Indus river valley and Tanglang La on the Leh-Manali highway. Gya is also to the south.An ancient trading road (right turn while coming from Manali) heads to the east from Upshi towards Tibet. There is a helipad on this road.
 Tolombeh-ye Golestan (Persian: تلمبه گلستان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Golestān) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kyungon is a village in Wuntho Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma (Myanmar).
 Khoruk (Persian: خروك‎ also Romanized as Khorūḵ) is a village in Shonbeh Rural District Shonbeh and Tasuj District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sosna-Korabie [ˈsɔsna kɔˈrabjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Krępa Kościelna [ˈkrɛmpa kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Lipsko and 125 km (78 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Farvar (Persian: فرور‎ also Romanized as Farvār) is a village in Lajran Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 706 in 186 families.
 Kamangar (Persian: كمانگر‎ also Romanized as Kamāngar) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 921 in 227 families.
 Chrzanówek [xʂaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Opinogóra Górna 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 77 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 140.
 Mandarmani is a seaside resort village in the state of West Bengal India lies in East Midnapore district and at the northern end of the Bay of Bengal. It is one of the large and fast developing seaside resort village of West Bengal. It is almost 180 km from Kolkata Airport on the Kolkata - Digha route. red crabs crawling around the 13 km long beach is a special attraction of Mandarmani.
 Karmozd (Persian: كارمزد‎ also Romanized as Kārmozd) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 86 families.
 Jalali (Persian: جلالي‎ also Romanized as Jalālī) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kunnathukal is a village in Perumkadavila Block Panchayat of Thiruvananthapuram district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Solnica [sɔlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Strękowizna [strɛŋkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Nowinka 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Augustów and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Golujeh (Persian: گلوجه‎ also Romanized as Golūjeh; also known as Golijeh) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Wólka Polinowska [ˈvulka pɔlʲiˈnɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 110 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Owshendel (Persian: اوشندل‎ also Romanized as Owshendel and Ūshendel; also known as Uchdal) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 891 in 199 families.
 Niyarepola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Grabówiec [ɡraˈbuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Wrotnów [ˈvrɔtnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Miedzna 16 km (10 mi) north of Węgrów and 81 km (50 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Pikavere is a village in Raasiku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Felicjanów [fɛlit͡sˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-west of Władysławów 10 km (6 mi) north of Turek and 111 km (69 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 218.
 Mahabad-e Olya (Persian: مهابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Mahābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Mahābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 22 families.
 Zeytun (Persian: زيتون‎ also Romanized as Zeytūn) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Gołuchowice [ɡɔwuxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kroczyce 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Rudina Burgas Province is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Shirazi-ye Buri (Persian: شيرازي بوري‎ also Romanized as Shīrāzī-ye Būrī) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bid (Persian: بيد‎ also Romanized as Bīd) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Qamarzeh (Persian: قمرزه‎) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chirman-e Sofla (Persian: چيرمان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chīrmān-e Soflá; also known as Chermān and Chīrmān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Gadowskie Holendry [ɡaˈdɔfskʲɛ xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuliszków within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Tuliszków 19 km (12 mi) west of Turek and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 240.
 Chlebowo [xlɛˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Bulkowo 22 km (14 mi) east of Płock and 78 km (48 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Damad Kola (Persian: دامادكلا‎ also Romanized as Dāmād Kolā) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 15 families.
 Arbat (Persian: اربط‎ also Romanized as Arbaţ) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 14 families.
 Dereiçi is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 61 people.
 Karacaören is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Sławoborze [swavɔˈbɔʐɛ] (German: Stolzenberg) is a village in Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sławoborze. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Świdwin and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2009.
 Grudzianka [ɡruˈd͡ʑanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Lwówek 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 19.
 Fidkuiyeh (Persian: فيدكوئيه‎ also Romanized as Fīdkū’īyeh and Fīd Kū’īyeh; also known as Bīd Kū”īyeh and Fītkū’īyeh) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 12 families.
 Kozłów [ˈkɔzwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Małogoszcz 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 900.
 Michałówka [mixaˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Piątek 20 km (12 mi) east of Łęczyca and 35 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.In 2005 the village had a population of 58.
 Eqbalabad (Persian: اقبال اباد‎ also Romanized as Eqbālābād) is a village in Shahr Meyan Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Morąg 28 km (17 mi) north of Ostróda and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 River Bend is a village in Jackson County Missouri United States. The population was 10 at the 2010 census. It is the only part of Jackson County that lies north of the Missouri River. In 1951 the Missouri River was relocated to a new channel creating River Bend (also known as Liberty Bend). The county line still follows the original riverbed.
 Olszynka [ɔlˈʂɨnka] (German Waldriede) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 141.
 Chah-e Amiq Samad-e Pain (Persian: چاه عميق صمدپائين‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Samad-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Reza Mahalleh (Persian: رضامحله‎ also Romanized as Reẕā Maḩalleh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 491 in 142 families.
 Soleymani (Persian: سليماني‎ also Romanized as Soleymānī; also known as Soleymān and Soleymānābād) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Now Deh-e Meyrmaharab (Persian: نوده ميرمحراب‎ also Romanized as Now Deh-e Meyrmaḥarāb; also known as Now Deh) is a village in Zibad Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 54 families.
 Yazıbaşı is a village in the District of Demirözü Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 226 people.
 Zakrzew-Kolonia [ˈzakʂɛf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Bagdad [ˈbaɡdat] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wyrzysk 39 km (24 mi) east of Piła and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań. In 2006 the village had a population of 120.Formerly before World War II Bagdad was a farm and belonged to Mieczysław Chłapowski a Polish landlord and politician.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Szczebrzeszyn 23 km (14 mi) west of Zamość and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Borysów [bɔˈrɨsuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Żyrzyn 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Puławy and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tang-e Algher (Persian: تنگ الغر‎) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solṭānābād) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 5 families.
 Baba Ali (Persian: باباعلي‎ also Romanized as Bābā ‘Alī) is a village in Chelevand Rural District Lavandevil District Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Częstochowa and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 387.
 Patok [ˈpatɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Drużbice 14 km (9 mi) north of Bełchatów and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Razdar (Persian: رزدار‎ also Romanized as Razdār; also known as Razdārū) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 37 families.
 Kudypy [kuˈdɨpɨ] (German Kuhdiebs) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Morąg 22 km (14 mi) north of Ostróda and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Wola Osowińska [ˈvɔla ɔsɔˈviɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Borki 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1110.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Muratdağı is a village in the District of Buharkent Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 49 people.
 Teodorówka [tɛɔdɔˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Frampol 16 km (10 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 589.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Środa Śląska and 36 kilometres (22 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 110.
 Sarbas-e Olya (Persian: سربس عليا‎ also Romanized as Sarbas-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 12 families.
 Khvoriyeh (Persian: خوريه‎ also Romanized as Khvorīyeh Khowrīyeh and Khūrīyeh) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 677 in 166 families.
 Deč (Serbian Cyrillic: Деч) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pećinci municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1590 people (2002 census).
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘īdābād; also known as Seyyedābād) is a village in Vandadeh Rural District Meymeh District Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 12 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Afraz (Persian: تلمبه افراز‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Afrāz; also known as Afrāz) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Sarab-e Key Mirzavand Du (Persian: سراب كي ميرزاونددو‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Key Mīrzāvand Dū) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 76 families.
 Nadolice Małe [nadɔˈlit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernica within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Czernica and 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kakrukë is a village in the municipality of Bogovë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania. The village lies several miles north of the border with Gjirokaster County on the Osum River. It is connected by road to Poliçan in the north and the district capital of Çorovodë in the south. The village was visited by President Sali Berisha in 1996.
 Akkathangiyarakatte Kaval is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tumkur taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Janowa [jaˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Otmuchów 16 km (10 mi) west of Nysa and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 180.
 Sheykh Ali Kalayeh (Persian: شيخ علي كلايه‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Alī Kalāyeh and Sheykh ‘Alī Kelāyeh) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 125 families.
 New Bloomington is a village in Marion County Ohio United States. The population was 515 at the 2010 census.
 Čibača is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D8 highway.
 Frazeysburg is a village in Muskingum County Ohio United States along Wakatomika Creek. The population was 1326 at the 2010 census.Frazeysburg is home to the world's largest apple basket which is located on the Longaberger homestead.
 Sarab-e Garm Garab (Persian: سراب گرم گراب‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Garm Garāb; also known as Sarāb-e Garāb) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 22 families.
 Tanhak (Persian: تنهك‎; also known as Tanahk Tānakh Tunak and Tūtak) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 25 families.
 Mobarakabad (Persian: مبارك اباد‎ also Romanized as Mobārakābād; also known as Mobark Abade Koochesfehan) is a village in Luleman Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 358 in 110 families.
 Molavėnai is a small village in the Raseiniai district municipality Lithuania.Two hillforts are located in the vicinity of the village. Two nature monuments are protected by the state – an old oak tree near one of the hillfots and a stone called Mokas.Molavėnų I hillfort was first erected in the 1st century and consisted of defensive fortifications and a wooden fort. The site is located on a long (350 m) narrow projection into a bend of the river Šešuvis.
 Qaleh Kuh Khosrow (Persian: قلعه كوه خسرو‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kūh Khosrow) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 12 families.
 Guy Kharabeh (Persian: گوي خرابه‎ also Romanized as Gūy Kharābeh) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 23 families.
 Koleśniki [kɔlɛɕˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chamim (Persian: چميم‎ also Romanized as Chamīm) is a village in Karkheh Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 27 families.
 Valiyavallampathy is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the area administered by the Kozhinjampara gram panchayat.
 Hoseynabad-e Ab Shur (Persian: حسين ابادابشور‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Āb Shūr and Hosein Abad Abshoor; also known as Ḩassanābād-e Āb Shūr) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 528 in 78 families.
 Qand (Persian: قند‎; also known as Qāsagān Qāsegān and Qaşr-e Qand) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 19 families.
 Gudas Belgaum is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District Atamalek District Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 775 in 202 families.
 Kleniewo [klɛˈɲɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bolatlı is a town in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova plains along Berdan River and south of Çukurova motorway at about 36°57′N 34°51′E. Bolatlı is almost merged to Tarsus and 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of Mersin. The population is 1563. as of 2011.
 Gifan-e Pain (Persian: گيفان پائين‎ also Romanized as Gīfān-e Pā’īn; also known as Pā’īndeh) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 69 families.
 Hunuketa-ela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nadzab Village is in the Markham Valley Morobe Province Papua New Guinea on the Highlands Highway. The Nadzab Airport is located East of Nadzab Village and was the site of the only Allied paratrooper assault in New Guinea on 5 September 1943.
 Bagham (Persian: بغم‎ also Romanized as Bāgham; also known as Baqam) is a village in Olya Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 33 families.
 Bazeran (Persian: بازران‎ also Romanized as Bāzerān) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District Pish Khowr District Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 33 families.
 Gavestan (Persian: گاوستان‎ also Romanized as Gāvestān; also known as Kārestān and Kāvestān) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Szumsko [ˈʂumskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Raków and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 263 and the main language is Polish.
 Vogance is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 51 people.
 Dujke is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 152 people.
 Denjan (Persian: دنجان‎ also Romanized as Denjān) is a village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 26 families.
 Gapat (Persian: گاپت‎ also Romanized as Gāpat) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chehel Asiab (Persian: چهل اسياب‎ also Romanized as Chehel Āsīāb) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 31 families.
 Chellagurki is a Village in the Bellary Taluk in the Bellary district District in the state of Karnataka India.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād; also known as Esmā‘īābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yaraziz (Persian: يارعزيز‎ also Romanized as Yār‘azīz) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 61 families.
 Miwatura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Banda de Lucero is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Władysławin [vwadɨˈswavin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.On July 23 1944 as revenge for the killing of an SS officer the village of Władysławin together with nearby Chłaniów was burned down by the Ukrainian Self-Defense Legion. Overall 44 residents died in the two villages.
 Namaw is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Błędowo [bwɛnˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Lubień Kujawski 25 km (16 mi) south of Włocławek and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Khare is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1887 people living in 387 individual households.
 Międzylesie [mjɛnd͡zɨˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rogoźno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Oborniki and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 122.
 Szczyglice [ʂt͡ʂɨˈɡlit͡sɛ] (German: Sieglitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 km (3 mi) south-east of Głogów and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Meleh Kabud (Persian: مله كبود‎ also Romanized as Meleh Kabūd and Melā Kabūd) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Char Khajuria is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Dukli is a large village located in the West Tripura District Tripura India. The population is 17306. 8850 people are male. 7989 people are female.
 Kola Mahalleh (Persian: كلامحله‎ also Romanized as Kolā Maḩalleh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 56 families.
 Tutaghaji (Persian: توت اغاجي‎ also Romanized as Tūtāghājī; also known as Tūt Āqā Jānī) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Koela is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād and Haidarābād) is a village in Almeh Rural District Samalqan District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 516 in 147 families.
 Bolukabad (Persian: بلوك اباد‎ also Romanized as Bolūkābād; also known as Belkobad and Bilkābād) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 901 in 209 families.
 Chah Mosallam (Persian: چاه مسلم‎ also Romanized as Chāh Mosallam; also known as Chah-e Moslem and Chāh-i-Musallam) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1947 in 316 families.
 Taqiabad (Persian: تقي اباد‎ also Romanized as Taqīābād) is a village in Qoroq Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1912 in 481 families.
 Qazi Chak (Persian: قاضي چاك‎ also Romanized as Qāẕī Chāk) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 27 families.
 Nurste is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Leipsic (pronounced Lip-sick) is a village in Putnam County Ohio United States. The population was 2093 at the 2010 census.
 Hrbine (Cyrillic: Хрбине) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Guty [ˈɡutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) northwest of Giżycko and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). This Area is well known for its attempts at secession and its desire to be made an independent country. Its struggle for sovereignty has been thus far unsuccessful.
 Arasht (Persian: ارشت‎ also Romanized as Ārisht Ārshet and Arshit) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 777 in 176 families.
 Lipiny [liˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieck within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Osieck 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Otwock and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Kryształowice [krɨʂtawɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Balajub (Persian: بالاجوب‎ also Romanized as Bālājūb and Bālā Jūb; also known as Bālājū) is a village in Garin Rural District Zarrin Dasht District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 93 families.
 Chà Tở is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Konarzewo-Gołąbki [kɔnaˈʐɛvɔ ɡɔˈwɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Szymanów [ʂɨˈmanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malczyce within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Malczyce 8 km (5 mi) west of Środa Śląska and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Płonna [ˈpwɔnːa] (Ukrainian: Полонна Polonna) in Plone 1433 de Plona 1437 villa Plona 1451 Plonna 1508 Płonna 1699 village in eastern Lesser Poland in the Lesser Beskid mountains Bukowsko rural commune located near the towns of Medzilaborce and Palota (in northeastern Slovakia).Płonna is about 10 mi (16 km) from Sanok in south-eastern Poland. It is situated below the main watershed at the foot of the Słonne Mountain and has an elevation of 340 m (1115 ft).
 Yurtbeyi is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Polajny [pɔˈlai̯nɨ] (German Paulehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Zalewo 23 km (14 mi) north of Iława and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Neychalan (Persian: ني چالان‎ also Romanized as Neychālān and Neychalān) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 616 in 105 families.
 Wilgoszcza [vilˈɡɔʂt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Irządze within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Irządze 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Çayköy is a village in the District of İnhisar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 144 people.
 Nędzerzew [nɛnˈd͡zɛʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Opatówek 4 km (2 mi) east of Kalisz and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wielkie Koralskie Błota [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ kɔˈralskʲɛ ˈbwɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Sztumskie Pole [ˈʂtumskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ] (German: Stuhmerfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sztum and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 460.
 Neemera is a village of geographical importance in Sikar district of Rajasthan India. It is located at a distance of 27 km from Sikar town in south. The population of the village is 4359 out of which 1215 are SC and 113 ST people. There is an ancient Temple dedicated to Laxmi Narayan(God of Power). The sacred shrine of Jeenmata is near the village and is located at a distance of 2.7 km from Nimera it is believed to be a thousand years old.
 Alakoss is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Damdama (Persian: دامداما‎ also Romanized as Dāmdāmā) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District Hajjilar District Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 68 families.
 Shah Rostam (Persian: شاه رستم‎ also Romanized as Shāh Rostam) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 69 families.
 Yal Rud (Persian: يالرود‎ also Romanized as Yāl Rūd; also known as Yālu) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 47 families.
 Gavmish Goli (Persian: گاوميش گلي‎ also Romanized as Gāvmīsh Golī) is a village in Zarrineh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1679 in 388 families.
 Sar Eshkoft (Persian: سراشكفت‎) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 North Hornell is a village in Steuben County New York United States. The population was 851 at the 2000 census.The Village of North Hornell is in the Town of Hornellsville north of the City of Hornell.
 Chubdar-e Olya (Persian: چوبدرعليا‎ also Romanized as Chūbdar-e ‘Olyā; also known as Chūbdār Bālā and Chūbdār-e Bālā) is a village in Zhan Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 29 families.
 Kwieciszowice [kfjɛt͡ɕiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Blumendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 135.
 Trzebiatkowa [tʂɛbjatˈkɔva] (German: Tschebiatkow; 1929–45: Radensfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchomie within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Tuchomie 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Bytów and 93 km (58 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 475.
 Varg (Persian: ورگ‎ also Romanized as Varak) is a village in Golian Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 595 in 157 families.
 About this sound Dolní Lomná (Polish: Łomna Dolna  Cieszyn Silesian: Dolno Łómna or Dolno Łómno  German: Nieder Lomna) is a village in Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic close to the borders with Poland and Slovakia. It has a population of 867 (2001 census) 31% of the population are the Poles and 72% are Roman Catholics. It is situated in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain range in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia. Lomná River flows through the village.
 Jahanabad (Persian: جهان اباد‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād; also known as Jānābād Jonābād and Jūnabād) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2022 in 532 families.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Cyców 24 km (15 mi) east of Łęczna and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Changalva (Persian: چنگلوا‎ also Romanized as Changalvā; also known as Chungīlu Chungilwa Qal‘eh-i-Changalābād Qal‘eh-ye Changalābād Sanqorābād and Sonqorābād) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1505 in 262 families.
 Pain Navai Mahalleh (Persian: پائين نوائي محله‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Navā’ī Maḩalleh; also known as Navāee Maḩalleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 39 families.
 Pulgoja is a village in Häädemeeste Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Khaneqah-e Gilavan (Persian: خانقاه گيلوان‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e Gīlavān; also known as Kanaga Kanjeh Khānehqāh Khāneqāh and Khānehqāh-e Gīlavān) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 40 families.
 Gönüllü is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 485 people.
 Kangashi (Persian: كنگاشي‎ also Romanized as Kangāshī) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 44 families.
 Choiny [ˈxɔi̯nɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dargeh-ye Cheshmeh Said (Persian: درگه چشمه سعيد‎ also Romanized as Dargeh-ye Cheshmeh Saʿīd) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 15 families.
 Van Etten is a village in Chemung County New York USA. The population was 537 at the 2010 census. The name comes from the two brothers who founded the village.The Village of Van Etten is in the Town of Van Etten near its eastern town line. The village is northeast of Elmira. It is part of the Elmira New York Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Valg Sar (Persian: ولگ سر‎; also known as Valkeh Sar) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 23 families.
 Rajeshwar is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Basavakalyan taluk of Bidar district in Karnataka. Which is on N.H 9. Rajeshwar has big Ram Linga Swamy temple.
 Ptakowice [ptakɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zbrosławice 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 748.
 Nõmme is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Sopot is a village in Krapina-Zagorje County Croatia.
 Marmat (Persian: مرمت‎) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1712 in 404 families.
 Brooklyn Heights is a village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. The population was 1543 at the 2010 census.
 Trzeciaki [tʂɛˈt͡ɕaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Atrouli is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4888 people living in 894 individual households.
 Radwaniec [radˈvaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kazimierz Biskupi 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Konin and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Amir Beyglu (Persian: اميربيگلو‎ also Romanized as Amīr Beyglū; also known as Amīr Beglū) is a village in Lisar Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 36 families.
 Yarmakaya is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Fanefin (Persian: فانفين‎ also Romanized as Fānefīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 45 families.
 Wola Dziankowska [ˈvɔla d͡ʑaŋˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Anzourou is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Bolesławice [bɔlɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kobylnica 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Słupsk and 110 km (68 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Sundarpur Choharwa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7543 people living in 1304 individual households.
 Alampattu(Tamil;ஆலம்பட்டு) is a village in the state of Tamil Nadu Sivaganga District India. It is 20 km from the town Karaikudi.Alampattu is properly located on the Kallal-Devakottai Highway and situated on south to river “Varshalei Manimutharu”. District Headquarters Sivaganga Town is at 36 km via Kalayar Kovil by Road. Karaikudi Town which is 20 km from the Alampattu village is the educational and financial hub of Sivaganga Districtand Ramnad District of Tamil Nadu State in India.
 Tazeh Kand-e Davudlu (Persian: تازه كندداودلو‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Dāvūdlū; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 23 families.
 Hennes is a small village in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county Norway. The village is located just west of Kaljord along the Hadselfjorden on the island of Hinnøya about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) east of Stokmarknes. The village is home to Innlandet Church which serves the eastern part of the municipality.
 Wierzbiec [ˈvjɛʐbjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prudnik within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Prudnik and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 242.
 Leszczyna [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Urzędów 12 km (7 mi) north of Kraśnik and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rugushuiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: روگوشوئيه عليا‎ also Romanized as Rūgūshū’īyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Rogūshū’īyeh-ye Bālā Rūgoshū’īyeh-ye ‘Olyā Rūgūshū’īyeh Bālā and Rūgūshū’īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 26 families.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Şeyyedābād and Şeydābād) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District Milajerd District Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was * in * families.
 Istgah-e Kuh Pank (Persian: ايستگاه كوه پنك‎ also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Kūh Pank; also known as Īstgāh-e Kūh Pang Īstgāh-e Kūpang Īstgāh-e Kūpeng Īstgāh-e Rāh Āhan-e Kūh Pang Kūh Pang and Kūh Penal) is a village and railway station in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 7 families.
 Coleman is a village in Marinette County Wisconsin United States. The population was 724 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Marinette WI–MI Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Jarebice is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of people.
 Baluchi-ye Pain (Persian: بلوچي پائين‎ also Romanized as Balūchī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 58 families.
 Kochánky is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Shundeh (Persian: شونده‎ also Romanized as Shūndeh; also known as Shūmdeh) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 20 families.
 Pipalchauri is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1854 people living in 293 individual households.
 Bartnia Góra [ˈbartɲa ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 40.
 Guran (Persian: گوران‎ also Romanized as Gūrān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 553 in 175 families.
 Bademli is a village in İzmir Province Turkey. Administratively it's part of Dikili district which is 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) to north. Aegean Sea coast is only 1.3 kilometres (0.81 mi)) to west. The population of the village is 1077 as of 2011.
 Kunniyur is a village in Thiruvarur district in  Tamil Nadu India. It is located near the town of Mannargudi
 Moqimabad (Persian: مقيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Moqīmābād) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 23 families.
 Enayatabad (Persian: عنايت اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Enāyatābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 812 in 201 families.
 Mian Kasiady (Persian: ميانك صيادئ‎ also Romanized as Mīān Kaşīādy) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Selakjan (Persian: سلاكجان‎ also Romanized as Selākjān) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 604 in 179 families.
 Chehel Mani (Persian: چهل مني‎ also Romanized as Chehel Manī; also known as Chehel Maneh) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 22 families.
 Dokshin is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Kowale-Kolonia [kɔˈvalɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kuźnica 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Sokółka and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 170.
 Doleck [ˈdɔlɛt͡sk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Nowy Kawęczyn 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 140.
 Wiśniówka [viɕˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Stoczek Łukowski 26 km (16 mi) west of Łuków and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Łubin Rudołty [ˈwubin ruˈdɔu̯tɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Osiek Mały-Kolonia [ˈɔɕek ˈmawɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kureli is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3024.
 Demirözü is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village is situated in Taurus Mountains. The distance to Gülnar is 23 kilometres (14 mi) and to Mersin is 170 kilometres (110 mi). The population of the village was 349 as of 2011. There are two ponds with reed beds to the northeast of the village.
 Hamyard (Persian: هميرد‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 8 families.
 Pirići (Serbian: Пирићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ayqalehsi (Persian: اي قلعه سي‎ also Romanized as Āyqal‘ehsī) is a village in Ansar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 30 families.
 Kord Ahmad-e Olya (Persian: كرداحمدعليا‎ also Romanized as Kord Aḩmad-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kord Aḩmad-e Bālā) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 13 families.
 Taratun (Persian: تراتن‎ also Romanized as Tarātūn) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 16 families.
 Zgorzałowo [zɡɔʐaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Wąsewo 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 91 km (57 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Ryszewko [rɨˈʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Gąsawa 17 km (11 mi) south of Żnin and 50 km (31 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Kotermań [kɔˈtɛrmaɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Opinogóra Górna 8 km (5 mi) north of Ciechanów and 83 km (52 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Khurvin (Persian: خوروين‎ also Romanized as Khūrvīn and Khowrvīn; also known as Khūrdīn and Khurūran) is a village in Chendar Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 866 in 261 families.
 Lisowo [liˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Drohiczyn 17 km (11 mi) west of Siemiatycze and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mihaljevići (Cyrillic: Михаљевићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Äigrumäe is a village in Viimsi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 9 km (6 mi) northeast of the centre of Tallinn situated just east of Tallinn's subdistricts Mähe and Lepiku. Äigrumäe has a population of 138 (as of 1 January 2011).Äigrumäe is reachable from the centre of Tallinn by Tallinn Bus Company's route nr. 8 (Viru keskus – Äigrumäe) with an average traveling time of 25 minutes and also by less freaquent route nr. 38 (Viru keskus – Muuga).
 Zagórzyn [zaˈɡuʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Darłowo 15 km (9 mi) west of Sławno and 163 km (101 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 73.
 Olchówka [ɔlˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Narewka 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 210.
 Bobowo [bɔˈbɔvɔ] (German: Bobau; Dietersfelde (1939-1942)) is a village in Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bobowo. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1271.
 Shah Verdi Kandi (Persian: شاه وردي كندي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Verdī Kandī) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 29 families.
 Stare Hołowczyce [ˈstarɛ xɔwɔfˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Sarnaki 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Łosice and 134 km (83 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 208.
 Strzyżowiec [stʂɨˈʐɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Werbkowice 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Hrubieszów and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kuhestak (Persian: كوهستك‎ also Romanized as Kūhestak Koohastak Kūhastak and Kūhistak) is a village in Bemani Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2449 in 430 families.
 Ruiban-e Bozorg (Persian: رويبان بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Rū’ībān-e Bozorg; also known as Cham-e Emām Ḩasan Ḩeydarīyeh Bozorg and Rūbīān-e Bozorg) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 41 families.
 Prathersville is a village in Clay County Missouri United States. The population was 124 at the 2010 census.
 Golce [ˈɡɔlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wręczyca Wielka 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Kłobuck and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 386.
 Witkowice [vitkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (1943–1945 German Wittichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Brzeziny and 19 km (12 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 280.
 Koruza (Persian: كروزا‎ also Romanized as Korūzā) is a village in Dustan Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chak (Persian: چاك‎ also Romanized as Chāk) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 51 families.
 Alakël Kyrykly is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Zal Qoli Kandi (Persian: زال قلي كندي‎ also Romanized as Zāl Qolī Kandī; also known as Zāl Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 16 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Tuh Khoskheh (Persian: مزرعه توه خشكه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Tūh Khoshkeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dayu (Persian: دايو‎ also Romanized as Dāyū; also known as Dāyo) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 20 families.
 Türisalu is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 499 (as of 1 June 2010).An infamous suicide place Türisalu cliff is located in the village.
 for the town in Bulgaria see Dobrich.Dobrič is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Ada (Serbian Cyrillic: Ада) is village in Croatia municipality Šodolovci Osijek-Baranja County.It is connected by the D518 highway.
 Kalmaru is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.
 Mosallamiyeh (Persian: مسلميه‎ also Romanized as Mosallamīyeh; also known as Salmiāh Shammeh and Shanīmeh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 26 families.
 Lisie Jamy [ˈlʲiɕe ˈjamɨ] (Ukrainian: Лисі Ями Lysi Yamy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lubaczów and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1187.
 Aduvalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hassan taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Naameh (Persian: نعمه‎ also Romanized as Na‘ameh; also known as Naghmeh and Nahmeh) is a village in Chah Varz Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 38 families.
 Dalaki (Persian: دلكي‎ also Romanized as Dalakī; also known as Dalagī) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 22 families.
 Straža is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1018 people.
 Veliki Trnovci (Cyrillic: Велики Трновци) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tamsi is a village in Kaiu Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Sughanchi Kuh (Persian: سوغانچي كوه‎ also Romanized as Sūghānchī Kūh; also known as Sūhānchī Kūh) is a village in Varqeh Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 36 families.
 Jamayran (Persian: جمايران‎ also Romanized as Jamāyrān) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 60 families.
 Kõola is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Akmescit is a village in the District of Koçarlı Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 372 people.
 Wygodne [vɨˈɡɔdnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Chynów 17 km (11 mi) east of Grójec and 38 km (24 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Shotor Khvar (Persian: شترخوار‎ also Romanized as Shotor Khvār and Shuturkhwār; also known as Sefīd Daleh and Shotor Khān) is a village in Vahnabad Rural District in the Central District of Robat Karim County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2567 in 632 families.
 Sarkesh (Persian: سركش‎ also Romanized as Sarkash and Serkesh; also known as Sirkash and Sīrkesh) is a village in Jushin Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 53 families.
 Stypułki-Święchy [stɨˈpuu̯ki ˈɕfjɛ̃xɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Darreh-ye Masun (Persian: دره ماسون‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Māsūn) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cybulice [t͡sɨbuˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Czosnów 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Stopki [ˈstɔpki] (German: Stolzenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Sępopol 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Bartoszyce and 71 km (44 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chebbi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Pęcz [pɛnt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Strzelin and 39 kilometres (24 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Stegna [ˈstɛɡna] (German Steegen) is a village in Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stegna. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1793 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Badowo-Mściska [baˈdɔvɔ ˈmɕt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Myślachowice [mɨɕlaxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Trzebinia 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Chrzanów and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2081.
 Chah Bahar (Persian: چاه بهار‎ also Romanized as Chāh Bahār; also known as Chāh Bār Chāh-i-Bār Shāh Bāghī and Shāhīār) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abkuh Aliabad (Persian: ابكوه علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ābḵūh ‘Alīābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Tursk [tursk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Stara Błotnica 13 km (8 mi) south of Białobrzegi and 76 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Param Sara (Persian: پرامسرا‎ also Romanized as Parām Sarā) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kolonia Góry [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɡurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markuszów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Puławy and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of about 90 residents.
 Zarand (Persian: زرند‎) is a village in Chuqur Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 46 families.
 Koovappady is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.Koovappady is around 8 km north to Perumbavoor and is near to Kodanadu elephant training centre. Other places of interest nearby include Kalady the birthplace of Sankaracharya and Malayattoor. Ganpati Vilasam High School is famous here. The name Koovappady came from the Nair family that ruled the area namely Kooveli Madhom.
 Sefidebrahim (Persian: سفيدابراهيم‎ also Romanized as Sefīdebrāhīm) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 14 families.
 Musa Kheyl (Persian: موسي خيل‎ also Romanized as Mūsá Kheyl) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 14 families.
 Qurbaghestan-e Olya (Persian: قورباغستان عليا‎ also Romanized as Qurbāghestān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gherbaghestan Gurbāghistān Qarabāghestān-e Bālā Qarbāghastān-e Bālā Qorbāghestān Qorbāghestān-e Bālā and Qorbāghestān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 32 families.
 Roşcani is a commune and village in the Anenii Noi district of Moldova.
 Guhrej (Persian: گوهرج‎ also Romanized as Gūhrej; also known as Gohrej-e Pā’īn) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 25 families.
 Zir Deh (Persian: زيرده‎ also Romanized as Zīr Deh) is a village in Dehshal Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Panchakule is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6270 persons living in 1019 individual households.
 Warblewo [varˈblɛvɔ] (formerly German Warbelow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Polanów 37 km (23 mi) east of Koszalin and 162 km (101 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area of Farther Pomerania where the village is located was part of Germany.
 Argavlı is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 269 people.
 Gorkhunga is a village in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2918 living in 605 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 3358 of which 49% was literate.
 Puwakpitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kinwągi [kinˈvɔnɡi] (German: Kinnwangen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sępopol 16 km (10 mi) east of Bartoszyce and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chah-e Amiq Mohammad Jowan (Persian: چاه عميق محمدجوان‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Moḩammad Jowān) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Grozyne (Ukrainian: Грозине) is a Ukrainian village in the Korosten Raion (district) of Zhytomyr Oblast (province). In this village situated Agricultural Institute of Polesia.
 Nagarjun Nepal is a village development committee in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1835 and had 360 houses in the village.
 Szczawinek [ʂt͡ʂaˈvinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Olszewo [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Jeżów 11 km (7 mi) east of Brzeziny and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Baragadewa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3886 people living in 674 individual households.
 Russocice [russɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) north of Turek and 111 km (69 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 638.
 Darreh-ye Garmabeh (Persian: دره گرمابه‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Garmābeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Aka'aka is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Hahake District on Wallis Island. Its population according to the 2008 census was 515 people.
 Kalmui (Persian: كلمويي‎ also Romanized as Kalmū’ī) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 37 families.
 Człuchy [ˈt͡ʂwuxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Smołdzino 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 99 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kiasar (Persian: كياسر‎ also Romanized as Kīāsar) is a village in Asara Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 31 families.
 Upper Love is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Kozpınar is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 130 people.
 Châu Hóa is a commune (xã) and village in Tuyên Hóa District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Şenköy Arhavi is a village in the District of Arhavi Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 34 people.
 Yalabad (Persian: يل اباد‎ also Romanized as Yalābād and Yelābād; also known as Mīlābād and Valābād) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3837 in 937 families.
 Afjan (Persian: افجان‎ also Romanized as Āfjān and Afjān; also known as Āfchūn Afshūn and Apihūn) is a village in Karvan-e Sofla Rural District Karvan District Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1572 in 407 families.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowtowr-e Jafar (Persian: موتورجعفر‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Jaʿfar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Darreh Sohrab (Persian: دره سهراب‎ also Romanized as Darreh Sohrāb) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Wólka Rydzewska [ˈvulka rɨˈd͡zɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bavarian (Persian: باوريان‎ also Romanized as Bāvarīān Bāvareyān Bāvarīyān and Bāvaryān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 124 families.
 Seyfollah (Persian: سيف اله‎ also Romanized as Seyfollāh and Saifullah; also known as Kalāteh-ye Seyfollāh) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khvoshab (Persian: خوشاب‎ also Romanized as Khvoshāb; also known as Khvoshāb Pā’īn Maḩalleh) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 74 families.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād; also known as Mehdi Abad Rastagh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 42 families.
 Sokkan (Persian: سكان‎ also Romanized as Sokkān Sekān and Sokān; also known as Sokkūn and Sokūn) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 34 families.
 Palkaneh-ye Sofla (Persian: پلكانه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Palkāneh-ye Soflá; also known as Palgāneh and Palkāneh) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 22 families.
 Jangemireh (Persian: جنگ ميره‎ also Romanized as Jangemīreh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 39 families.
 Pay Ostan (Persian: پي استان‎ also Romanized as Pay Ostān and Pey Ostān; also known as Paisu Pey Sū Pīstān and Pīsū) is a village in Pir Hajat Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 89 families.
 Chhetrapa (Nepali:क्षेत्रपाtranslation:Kshetrapa) is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the National Population and Housing Census 2011 it had a population of 2447(1116 Male & 1331 female) people living in 580 individual households.There is one high school named Shree Kshetrawati Higher Secondary School at Peepal DaadaMajhgaun.Through the middle of the village Namdu Jugu road is under construction.
 Ramiszów [raˈmiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Długołęka and 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 100.
 Fara (pronounced [ˈfaːɾa]) is a settlement just south of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
 Janhtang is a river village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located to the south of Hakon.
 Mravići is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wardhannapet is a village and a mandal in Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Pawłowice [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Solec nad Wisłą 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Lipsko and 138 km (86 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mokrsko Dolne [ˈmɔkrskɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sobków 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Jędrzejów and 26 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Paungbyin is a village in Kalaw Township Taunggyi District Shan State of Burma (Myanmar). It lies in the Inle Valley north of Inle Lake.
 Dahakhani is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2560 people living in 438 individual households.
 Khandeswori is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1917 people living in 297 individual households.
 Qeshlaq-e Padar Hajj Safar Ali (Persian: قشلاق پادارحاج صفرعلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Pādār Ḩājj Şafar ʿAlī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pain (Persian: پائين‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Akramabad (Persian: اكرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Akramābād; also known as Karīm Ābād and Ūrlūlī) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 58 families.
 Bantega (West Frisian: Bantegea) is a village in the Dutch province of Friesland. It is located in the municipality Lemsterland and lies about 6 km east of the town of Lemmer.Bantega has about 570 inhabitants. It is a young village; until after the second World War it was only a hamlet named Echtenpolder. The village is named after the drowned village of Bant.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Karimi (Persian: مزرعه محمدكريمي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad Karīmī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Helan (Persian: هلان‎ also Romanized as Helān) is a village in Vargahan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 22 families.
 Tabor Mały [ˈtabɔr ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bralin 8 km (5 mi) west of Kępno and 139 km (86 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mrowiska [mrɔˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Halinów 15 km (9 mi) west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 26 km (16 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dizaj-e Malek (Persian: ديزج ملك‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Malek and Dīzaj Malek; also known as Diza Dīzaj and Dīzeh) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1123 in 238 families.
 Kruszyn [ˈkruʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sicienko and 11 km (7 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Ashin (Persian: عشين‎ also Romanized as ʿAshīn) is a village in Chupanan Rural District Anarak District Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Posłoda [pɔˈswɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lelów 38 km (24 mi) east of Częstochowa and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Rozwarzyn [rɔzˈvaʐɨn] (German: Kirchberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Nakło nad Notecią and 29 km (18 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Champadanga is a village under Tarakeswar bloc and police station in Chandannagore subdivision of Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 Kassari is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Melikşah Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 968 in 227 families.
 Ciasna [ˈt͡ɕasna] is a village in Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ciasna. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lubliniec and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1722.
 Zarabad (Persian: زراباد‎ also Romanized as Zarābād) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 39 families.
 Çavuşlu is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 302 people.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيرآباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Merriam Woods is a village in Taney County Missouri United States. The population was 1761 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Branson Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Goruh (Persian: گروه‎ also Romanized as Gorūh Gorooh and Gorveh; also known as Gorū Gooroo and Guru) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 107 families.
 Ostrów Świecki [ˈɔstruf ˈɕfjɛt͡ski] (German: Ehrental; before 1873: Ostrower Kämpe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bodagh Mahalleh (Persian: بداغ محله‎ also Romanized as Bodāgh Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 130 families.
 Bala Salkuyeh (Persian: بالاسالكويه‎ also Romanized as Bālā Sālkūyeh; also known as Sālkūyeh and Sālkūyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Daryasar Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 385 in 108 families.
 Thirukkanur is a village in the union territory of Puducherry India. It one of 16 villages located in Mannadipet commune panchayat of the Villianur taluk. It is bordered by the state of Tamil Nadu both to the east and west. Thirukkanur has a primary health center police station post office electricity office and registrar office. The area is mainly oriented to agriculture. Thirukkanur market is the only bazaar catering to the needs of about 20 nearby villages.
 Aspur (Persian: اسپور‎ also Romanized as Āspūr; also known as Aspār) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Cumalar is a village in the District of Karpuzlu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 212 people.
 Kaleh Darreh (Persian: كاله دره‎ also Romanized as Kāleh Darreh; also known as Kāl Darreh) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 18 families.
 Reszki [ˈrɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Bargłów Kościelny 15 km (9 mi) west of Augustów and 85 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ballycroy is a village in County Mayo Connacht Ireland. The village was the location for the 1982 film The Ballroom of Romance. The actual ballroom used in the film still exists albeit in a derelict condition and is located at Doona Cross to the west of the village.
 Sokourani-Missirikoro is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 88 square kilometers and includes five villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4478. The village of Sokourani-Missirikoro the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune is 13 km southwest of Sikasso. The main language spoken in the commune is Senufo.
 Hajjateh (Persian: حاجته‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjateh; also known as Ḩājjatī Bālāband) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 8 families.
 Jastrzębie [jasˈtʂɛmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Osieczna 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 61.
 Moghisabad (Persian: مغيث اباد‎ also Romanized as Moghīs̄ābād; also known as Sheyūr and Sheyvar) is a village in Shaab Jereh Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Banadkuk-e Dizeh (Persian: بنادكوك ديزه‎ also Romanized as Banādkūk-e Dīzeh; also known as Banādk-e Dīzeh Banad Kook and Banādkūk) is a village in Banadkuk Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1535 in 483 families.
 Šventoniškis is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 13 people.
 Chocieszów [xɔˈt͡ɕeʂuf] (German: Stolzenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytna within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szczytna 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kłodzko and 85 kilometres (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Guzowatka [ɡuzɔˈvatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Baranowo 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 116 km (72 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Emilianowo [ɛmiljaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Emilienhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 207.
 Zagrađe is a village in the municipality of Zaječar Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 241 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Tavakkoli (Persian: مزرعه توكلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Tavakkolī) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gaj Żelechowski [ˈɡai̯ ʐɛlɛˈxɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vardanjan (Persian: وردنجان‎ also Romanized as Vardanjān; also known as Vardangūn Vardaniān and Wardangun) is a village in Vardanjan Rural District Ben District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4262 in 1023 families.
 Žďár is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zendan Chal (Persian: زندان چال‎ also Romanized as Zendān Chāl) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 108 families.
 Posht Tappeh (Persian: پشت تپه‎) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 10 families.
 Robat (Persian: رباط‎ also Romanized as Robāţ) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 29 families.
 Żerkowice [ʐɛrkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Lwówek Śląski and 103 kilometres (64 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Gazvar (Persian: گزوار‎ also Romanized as Gazvār) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kawaloor is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Yateri-ye Bala (Persian: ياتري بالا‎ also Romanized as Yāterī-ye Bālā and Yātrī Bālā; also known as Yātarīābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Yateri Rural District in the Central District of Aradan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 708 in 208 families.
 Harju is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.Poet and children's writer Julius Oengo (1901–1941) was born in Harju village.
 Szymanowice [ʂɨmanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyce within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Krotoszyce 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Legnica's centre and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 8 families.
 Czarkowy Grąd [t͡ʂarˈkɔvɨ ˈɡrɔnt] (German: Worfengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Szczytno and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Przylaski [pʂɨˈlaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 226.
 Sar Kahaki (Persian: سركهكي‎ also Romanized as Sar Kahakī; also known as Kūhakī and Sar Kūhakī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 522 in 109 families.
 Tavilehgah-e Sofla (Persian: طويله گاه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ţavīlehgāh-e Soflá; also known as Ţavīleh-ye Gāv and Ţavīleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Záhornice is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Nymburk and 64 kilometres (40 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 17.06 square kilometres (6.59 sq mi) and as of 2011 it had a population of 362.First written notice about the village is from year 1225.
 Moczele [mɔˈt͡ʂɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Dobiegniew 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Owriyeh (Persian: اوريه‎ also Romanized as Owrīyeh and Aurīyeh; also known as Orīyeh) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 57 families.
 Trolleboda is a village in Ronneby Municipality Blekinge County southeastern Sweden. It contains a 17th-century windmill.
 Wiszary [viˈʂarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ryjewo 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Yenikend (also Traubenfel’d) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Oryszew-Osada [ɔˈrɨʂɛf ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Keedika is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Słaboludz-Kolonia [swaˈbɔlut͡s kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczew within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Karczew 8 km (5 mi) south of Otwock and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Seydabad (Persian: صيداباد‎ also Romanized as Şeydābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 13 families.
 Qeshlan-e Khoda Karam (Persian: قشلاق خداكرم‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Khodā Karam; also known as Qeshlāq-e Khākaram and Qishlāq Khakaram) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 17 families.
 Najmabad (Persian: نجم اباد‎ also Romanized as Najmābād) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 46 families.
 Veravjen-e Olya (Persian: وروجن عليا‎ also Romanized as Veravjen-e ‘Olyā; also known as Vīrāvjen) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 58 families.
 Ahangaran-e Kaviani (Persian: اهنگران كاوياني‎ also Romanized as Āhangarān-e Kāvīānī; also known as Āhangarān) is a village in Hendmini Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 33 families.
 Qaleh-ye Sorkh (Persian: قلعه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Sorkh and Qal‘eh-e Sorkh) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 112 families.
 Lipowo [liˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Kruklanki 24 km (15 mi) east of Giżycko and 112 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Pare ahmad (Persian: روستاى پَر احمد‎) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd DistrictHormozgan Province in the south of Iran.Pare ahmad the small village from Kukherd District (Persian: بخش كوخرد‎) in the city of Bastak (Bastak County شهرستان بستک) Hormozgan Province.At the 2006 census its population was (20) in (3) families.
 Qerrekhlu (Persian: قرخلو‎ also Romanized as Qerrekhlū; also known as Qeretlī and Qerrekhlī) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 120 families.
 Dąbkowice [dɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Wągrowiec and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 22.
 Nowosady [nɔvɔˈsadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village was founded in the beginning of the 18th century (Rękopis Nr D.A. 11518 Wilno 1786).
 Seyf ol Din-e Olya (Persian: سيفالدين عليا‎ also Romanized as Seyf ol Dīn-e ‘Olyā and Seyf od Dīn-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 25 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Molla Mohsen Feyz Kashani (Persian: مزرعه ملامحسن فيض کاشاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mollā Moḩsen Feyẕ Kāshānī) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Kavirat District Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Starogród Górny [staˈrɔɡrut ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Valayam (malayalam: വളയം) is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Księginice Wielkie [kɕɛnɡiˈnit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Großkniegnit) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kondratowice 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Strzelin and 42 kilometres (26 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Garsaman-e Pain (Persian: گرسمان پائين‎ also Romanized as Garsamān-e Pā’īn; also known as Garsemān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qeshlaq-e Seyyed Naser (Persian: قشلاق سيدناصر‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Seyyed Nāşer) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 34 families.
 Sarnıç is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 310 people.
 Ali Barani (Persian: علي باراني‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Bārānī) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 41 families.
 Dennison is a village in Tuscarawas County Ohio United States. The population was 2655 at the 2010 census.
 Jan Aliabad (Persian: جانعلي اباد‎ also Romanized as Jān ‘Alīābād) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 7 families.
 Kalliguddi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.its a agriculture d/ horticulture d based village. major crops is maize. and also famous in grapes cropping. historically this village is related in jamakhandi samsthan. 1956 when karnataka state found that it comes under Gokak taluk. this is last village of gokak taluk. village is wel known road facilities in this region.
 Mazar (Persian: مزار‎ also Romanized as Mazār) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 989 in 302 families.
 Nzamaligué is a village in Estuaire Province in northwestern Gabon . It lies along the L106 road (Nzamlique-Donguila road) 16 kilometres by road northeast of Donguila and 12.2 kilometres south of Nkam.
 Kęsza [ˈkɛ̃ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Czersk 39 km (24 mi) east of Chojnice and 71 km (44 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 96.
 Paradyż [paˈradɨʂ] is a village in Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Paradyż. It lies in northwestern corner of historic Lesser Poland approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Abazlı is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Gandomabad (Persian: گندم اباد‎ also Romanized as Gandomābād; also known as Gandam-Ab Gandomāb and Yeylāg-e Gandomābād) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 20 families.
 Boturovina is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Mazraeh-ye Ramazan Baradbar (Persian: مزرعه رمضان بردبار‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ramaẕān Baradbār) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Racimierz [raˈt͡ɕimjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Stepnica 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 230.
 Chraplewo [xraˈplɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Nowy Tomyśl and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 400.
 Yengi Qaleh-ye Kasbair (Persian: ينگي قلعه كسباير‎ also Romanized as Yengī Qal‘eh-ye Kasbāīr) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Kozery [kɔˈzɛrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 32 km (20 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Qarah Owri (Persian: قره اوري‎ also Romanized as Qarah Owrī; also known as Qareh Āvar) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 56 families.
 Barar Deh (Persian: برارده‎ also Romanized as Bārār Deh; also known as Barān Deh) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 19 families.
 Łędławki [wɛnˈdwafki] (German: Linglack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Alefabad (Persian: الف اباد‎ also Romanized as Alefābād) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Bostan Darreh (Persian: بستاندره‎ also Romanized as Bostān Darreh) is a village in Taghamin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 44 families.
 Kuchu-ye Khorzehreh (Persian: كوچو خرزهره‎ also Romanized as Kūchū-ye Khorzehreh) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 14 families.
 Chełchy Dzierskie [ˈxɛu̯xɨ ˈd͡ʑɛrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Karniewo 9 km (6 mi) west of Maków Mazowiecki and 74 km (46 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Yaqubabad (Persian: يعقوب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ya‘qūbābād; also known as Ya‘ghoob Abad) is a village in Bidak Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 443 in 121 families.
 Chah-e Mutur Raft (Persian: چاه موتور رافت‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mūtūr Rāft) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Do Gunchi (Persian: دوگونچي‎ also Romanized as Do Gūnchī; also known as Do Gonjī) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2112 in 453 families.
 Fay-e Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: فاي سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Fāy-e Seyyed Moḩammad and Fāy Seyyed Moḩammed; also known as Fāy) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yengejeh-ye Daliganlu (Persian: ينگجه دليگانلو‎ also Romanized as Yengejeh-ye Dalīgānlū; also known as Qeshlāq-e Yengejeh Yengejeh-ye Dalīkānlū and Yengejeh-ye Qeshlāq) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 73 families.
 Marchi (Persian: مارچي‎ also Romanized as Mārchī) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 25 families.
 Rososz [ˈrɔsɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chopoqlu (Persian: چپقلو‎ also Romanized as Chopoqlū; also known as Chabqolū Choboqlū and Jabūk’alū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 282 in 54 families.
 Dhobaha is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Miszkieniki Wielkie [miʂkʲɛˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Aq Mashhad (Persian: اق مشهد‎ also Romanized as Āq Mashhad; also known as Āqā Mashhad) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 73 families.
 Shahrband (Persian: شهربند‎) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 614 in 150 families.
 Chushal (Persian: چوشل‎ also Romanized as Chūshal Chooshal Choushal’ Chowshāl; also known as Chū Ahl) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 52 families.
 Dąbie [ˈdɔmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ostałówek [ɔstaˈwuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Chlewiska 8 km (5 mi) north of Szydłowiec and 103 km (64 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 336.
 Ossa [ˈɔssa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odrzywół within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Odrzywół 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Przysucha and 86 km (53 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Potoczek [pɔˈtɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Jerzmanowa 11 km (7 mi) south of Głogów and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hodk (Persian: هدك‎) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 499 in 174 families.
 Rykantai is a village in Trakai district municipality Lithuania 7 kilometres north-west of Lentvaris. The village has a post office a railway station and a church Trinity Church. The Neris River flows north of the village.Rykantai is known as one of the first reformats settlement in Lithuania. Rykantai is mentioned in Leo Tolstoy's novel War and Peace as the place where General Balashov delivers a letter from Tsar Alexander to Napoleon.
 Krotoszyn [krɔˈtɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Osięciny 19 km (12 mi) east of Radziejów and 43 km (27 mi) south of Toruń.
 Šumići (Serbian: Шумићи) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dagan (Persian: دگن‎ also Romanized as Dagen; also known as Daggin) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 47 families.
 Adamowa Góra [adaˈmɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Młodzieszyn 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Sochaczew and 55 km (34 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 150.
 Aba Mansuri (Persian: ابامنصوري‎ also Romanized as Abā Manşūrī) is a village in Masabi Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Chudów [ˈxuduf] (German Chudow also Chutow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gierałtowice within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in the historical region of Lesser Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gierałtowice 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Gliwice and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 1493 (2012).
 Veľké Blahovo (Hungarian: Nagyabony Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈnɒɟɒboɲ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.Until 1899 its Hungarian name was Nagy-Abony then Nemesabony but recently the Nagyabony form has come into usage. Its historical Slovakian name was Veľké Aboň)
 Stary Mystkówiec [ˈstarɨ mɨstˈkuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Gliczyn [ˈɡlit͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dziećmiarki [d͡ʑet͡ɕˈmjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Ruszenice [ruʂɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Żarnów 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Łęg Baliński [ˈwɛnk baˈliɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Uniejów 14 km (9 mi) west of Poddębice and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zırlankaya is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Shiraguppi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Modrzewo [mɔˈdʐɛvɔ] formerly German Moderow is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchań within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Suchań 24 km (15 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sarhulan (Persian: سرهولان‎ also Romanized as Sarhūlān) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 6 families.
 Qatlish-ye Olya (Persian: قتليش عليا‎ also Romanized as Qatlīsh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qatlīsh and Kātlīsh) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 104 families.
 Łabuń Mały [ˈwabuɲ ˈmawɨ] (German: Neu Labuhn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Resko 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Łobez and 71 km (44 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mian Galalan (Persian: ميان گلالان‎ also Romanized as Mīān Galālān; also known as Mīān Kalālān) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Aziznagar is a village in the Moinabad Mandal  Rangareddi District  Andhra Pradesh State in India. It is approximately 6.8 km from the Mandal Main Town Moinabad
 Iglice [iˈɡlit͡sɛ] (German: Geiglitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Resko 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Łobez and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Meymah (Persian: ميمه‎) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 28 families.
 Kowala [kɔˈvala] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitkówka-Nowiny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Osiedle-Nowiny and 11 km (7 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 936.
 Kraszewice [kraʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Masłowice 24 km (15 mi) east of Radomsko and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 427.
 Manavand (Persian: مناوند‎ also Romanized as Manāvand; also known as Manāvan) is a village in Qohestan Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 43 families.
 Chah-e Bashir Kargar va Shorkad (Persian: چاه بشيركارگر وشركاڈ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Bashīr Kārgar va Shorkāɖ) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Bahman District Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Digana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.Digana is popular for Dolomite mineral.Dolomite is used for plantations to increase the PH value of soil and produce Dolomatic lime in use for constructions.
 Bi Kanda (Persian: بي كندا‎ also Romanized as Bī Kandā) is a village in Rostaq Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 10 families.
 Karnaveh-ye Shirin (Persian: كرناوه شيرين‎ also Romanized as Karnāveh-ye Shīrīn; also known as Karnāveh-ye Shīrān) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 94 families.
 Sorkhun (Persian: سرخون‎ also Romanized as Sorkhūn) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 39 families.
 Arzular is a village in the District of İncirliova Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 300 people.
 Hudul (Persian: هودول‎ also Romanized as Hūdūl; also known as Naz̧arābād) is a village in Virmuni Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 84 families.
 Guźlin [ˈɡuʑlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Brześć Kujawski 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Cvrčići (Serbian: Цврчићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rogolin [rɔˈɡɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Radzanów 10 km (6 mi) south of Białobrzegi and 73 km (45 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Księżpol 14 km (9 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 92 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 126.
 Gawartowa Wola [ɡavarˈtɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Leszno 21 km (13 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 35 km (22 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 270.
 Łaźnie [ˈwaʑɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Supraśl and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ab Bad-e Kaleb Ali Khani (Persian: اببادكلبعلي خاني‎ also Romanized as Āb Bād-e Kaleb ʿAlī Khānī) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Kayarcık is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Robuzy [rɔˈbuzɨ] (German: Rawusen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Płoskinia 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Braniewo and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād and Ghasem Abad) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 17 families.
 Kolonia Myśliborzyce [kɔˈlɔɲa mɨɕlibɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Barycz [ˈbarɨt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Stubno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Przemyśl and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Borkowice [bɔrkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Mosina and 22 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 204.
 Gorzysław [ɡɔˈʐɨswaf] (German: Friedrichshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Główczyce 28 km (17 mi) east of Słupsk and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 42.
 Rzy [ʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sochocin 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Płońsk and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed is a panchayat village in the state of Maharashtra India on the left (east) bank of the Bhima River. Administratively Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed is under Khed Taluka of Pune District in Maharashtra. The village of Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed is 11 km east of the town of Chakan and 23 km by road south of the town of Rajgurunagar (Khed).There are four villages in the Pimpalgaon T. Khed gram panchayat: Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed Velhavale Waki Tarf Wada and Wanjale.
 Obkas [ˈɔpkas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kamień Krajeński 14 km (9 mi) north of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 340.
 Małkocin [mau̯ˈkɔt͡ɕin] (German Mulkenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Stargard Szczeciński and 29 km (18 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 472.
 Pavičići (Serbian: Павичићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zayandeh Rud Cultural and Recreational Village (Persian: دهکده فرهنگي- تفريحي زاينده رود‎ – Dehkadeh-ye Farhengī-ye Tafrīḩī-ye Zāyandeh Rūd) is a village in Kaveh Ahangar Rural District in the Central District of Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 15 families.
 Benzireg is a village in the commune of Béchar in Béchar District Béchar Province Algeria. The village is located on the N6 national highway and the Méchéria-Béchar railway 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Béchar.
 Paczuski Duże [paˈt͡ʂuski ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Bielany 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 79 km (49 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Obózek [ɔˈbuzɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Talaf (Arabic: بللين‎ also spelled Tallaf or Tullif) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located southwest of Hama. Nearby localities include Mousa al-Houla to the north Hirbnafsah to the northeast Kisin to the east Burj Qa'i to the south Taldou to the southwest and Kafr Laha and Tell Dahab to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Talaf had a population of 4934 in the 2004 census.
 Satau is a village in the Chobe District of Botswana at 18°0′45″ south and 24°24′22″ east. The village is located in the eastern part of the district which before 2001 formed part of the North-West District. Although a traditional village Satau it has a primary school a post office a health post and a library. Electricity is also available in the village.
 Qaleh-ye Qods (Persian: قلعه قدس‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Qods; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩī od Dīn and Qods) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 20 families.
 Sangalabad (Persian: سنگل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sangalābād; also known as Sanjarābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 742 in 193 families.
 Nasrabad-e Pasha (Persian: نصرابادپاشا‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād-e Pāshā; also known as Naşrābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 19 families.
 Muslići is a village in the municipality of Bihać Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dharampur is a Village Development Committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3668 people residing in 673 individual households.
 Krzywice [kʂɨˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Kriewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osina within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Osina 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Stamboliyski (village) is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Kociugi [kɔˈt͡ɕuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzemieniewo within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Krzemieniewo 16 km (10 mi) east of Leszno and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Konstantynów [kɔnstanˈtɨnuf] is a village in Płock County Masovian Voivodeship Poland with population of 38 people. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gąbin 22 km (14 mi) south of Płock and 84 km (52 mi) west of Warsaw.From 1974 to 1991 the tallest ever manmade structure stood here the Warsaw radio mast.
 Lemini (Persian: لميني‎ also Romanized as Lemīnī; also known as Labanī) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 29 families.
 Seydi (Persian: صيدي‎ also Romanized as Şeydī Şayādī and Şayyādī; also known as Şeyd and Şayyād) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 100 families.
 Bab Hesar (Persian: باب حصار‎ also Romanized as Bāb Ḩeşār) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād; also known as Sa‘īdābād and Saiyidābād) is a village in Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1153 in 244 families.
 Godamdar (Persian: گدامدر‎ also Romanized as Godāmdar and Gadāmdar; also known as Qadamdī) is a village in Zaboli Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 131 families.
 Wólka Krowicka [ˈvulka krɔˈvʲit͡ska] (Ukrainian: Вілька Коровицька Vil’ka Korovyts’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lubaczów and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 420.
 Saghari (Persian: ساغري‎ also Romanized as Sāgharī and Sāgherī) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1372 in 277 families.
 Józefów Widawski [juˈzɛfuf viˈdafski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nowe Gumino [ˈnɔvɛ ɡuˈminɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nowa Krępa [ˈnɔva ˈkrɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Garwolin and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Karkan-e Pain (Persian: كركان پائين‎ also Romanized as Karkān-e Pā’īn and Karakān-Pā’īn; also known as Garakān-e Soflá and Karkān-e Soflá) is a village in Saruq Rural District Saruq District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 79 families.
 Shandan (Persian: شندان‎ also Romanized as Shandān and Shendān; also known as Shandān-e ‘Arab Shandān-e Gharb and Shandu) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 76 families.
 Loolkade is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Breznica is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 1362 people.
 Kataraki (Katarki Kannada: ) is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Arakeri is under Bilagi Taluka of Bagalkot District in Karnataka. The village of Katarki is 4.5 km by road south of Arakeri and 29 km by road west southwest of the town of Bilagi. Katarki is on the north shore of the Ghataprabha River.
 Szymonki [ʂɨˈmɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Jutrosin 22 km (14 mi) east of Rawicz and 87 km (54 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rzepnowo [ʐɛpˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Pyrzyce and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 139.
 Miłogostowice [miwɔɡɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Szyba [ˈʂɨba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Nowe Miasteczko 15 km (9 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 33 km (21 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 49.
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zębowice within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Chah-e Mohandas Quami va Hajj Mohammad Yazdi (Persian: چاه مهندس قوامي وحاج محمديزدي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mohandas Qūāmī va Ḩājj Moḩammad Yazdī) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Bahman District Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brzeźnica Książęca [bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Lubartów and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Beli Potok is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 629 people.
 Nowe Przybojewo [ˈnɔvɛ pʂɨbɔˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą 20 km (12 mi) south of Płońsk and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Mowtowr-e Gami (Persian: موتورگمي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gamī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Novosej is one of the villages of Shishtavec Municipality which is part of the Kukës District in Albania.The region was isolated until 1978 when a road was built from Kukës to Shishtavec which provided a link to the city of Kukës and the national highway. With no subsequent investment in the road its condition deteriorated but an initiative in 2012 has resulted in it being upgraded and a 6-kilometre (3.7 mi) extension being built.
 Brużyczka Mała [bruˈʐɨt͡ʂka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Aleksandrów Łódzki 6 km (4 mi) west of Zgierz and 12 km (7 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Amrapur is a small village in Jamnagar Gujarat India. The road to it is from Kalavad to Ranuja Dhutarpur Sumary Kharavedha Amrapur. Amrapur is surrounded on three sides by a dam. Most people there are farmers. Some of them are connected with Animal husbandry. Mr Vijaybhai Borsadiya is currently surpanch of the village‍.
 Kenzateh (Persian: كنزته‎) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Melpuram is a historical place in Kanyakumari district Tamil Nadu India.Rubber plantation plays an important role in this village's economy.Melpuram is quasi town which is sandwiched by pacode town panchayat and edaicode panchayat also the melpuram union block name derived from this beautiful small town which incorporate 10 village panchayats and 6 town panchayats.
 Zubki [ˈzupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Gródek and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 90.
 Czyżew-Pociejewo [ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛf pɔt͡ɕɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Fámjin (Danish: Famien) is a village located in the middle of the coastline on the western side of Suðuroy the southern­most island in Faroe Islands. It has a population of around 100.The village of Fámjin is looking directly out to the harsh sea although partly protected by a stone reef which becomes visible at low tide. The village is surrounded by the beautiful natural scenery of the highest mountains on Suðuroy. The highest mountain Gluggarnir is located north of Fámjin.
 Hakimabad (Persian: حكيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩakīmābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Chainpur is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9960 people living in 1781 individual households.
 Madathumpady is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kasyldów [kaˈsɨlduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Krzywda 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Łuków and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dashli Borun (Persian: داشلي برون‎ also Romanized as Dāshlī Borūn) is a village in Atrak Rural District Dashli Borun District Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 970 in 203 families.
 Lazir (Persian: لزير‎ also Romanized as Lazīr; also known as Larīr) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 26 families.
 Ciesław [ˈt͡ɕeswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Świerzno 16 km (10 mi) east of Kamień Pomorski and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 241.
 Witowo [viˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Osiek Mały 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Koło and 114 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Muthunoor also known as Muthunur is a village in Velgatoor mandal on the Karimnagar District Hyderabad.
 Jachadareha (Persian: جاچادرها‎ also Romanized as Jāchādarehā) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Amir Kafi (Persian: تلمبه شهيداميركافي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Amīr Kāfī; also known as Sherkat-e Zarāyī Haft Tir (Persian: شركت زراعي 7تير)) is a village in Khursand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 51 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Chamburak (Persian: محمدابادچمبورك‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Chambūrak; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Alawatugoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 La Vallee is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Bergakker is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Tiel and lies about 2 km west of Tiel.The statistical area Bergakker which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 380.Bergakker is known for the Bergakker sword sheath which was found in a field in 1996.
 Baghan (Persian: باغان‎ also Romanized as Bāghān) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 33 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Abdollahabad (Persian: مزرعه عبداللّه آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as ‘Abdollāhābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahr-e Ain (Persian: شهرايين‎ also Romanized as Shahr-e Ā’īn) is a village in Bashtin Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 43 families.
 Orzechów [ɔˈʐɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wierzbno 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Węgrów and 64 km (40 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Yeniköy Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Arud (Persian: ارود‎ also Romanized as Ārūd and Arood) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 9 families.
 San Jon is a village in Quay County New Mexico United States. The population was 306 at the 2000 census.
 Koprivnica is a village in the municipality of Zaječar Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 532 people.
 There are at least three populated places in the world named Ghosta: Ghosta Bihar in India Ghosta Mount Lebanon in Lebanon and a small village on the Kabul River in Afghanistan.
 Esmailabad Shur Qaleh-ye Bala (Persian: اسمعيل ابادشورقلعه بالا‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād Shūr Qal‘eh-ye Bālā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 17 families.
 Smolice [smɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Zator 17 km (11 mi) east of Oświęcim and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Gardeshinan (Persian: گردشينان‎ also Romanized as Gardeshīnān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 20 families.
 Kothagondapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Okçular is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1069 people.
 Ting (Persian: تينگ‎ also Romanized as Tīng; also known as Tīnk and Tīnk-e Bālā) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 31 families.
 Khafur (Persian: خافور‎ also Romanized as Khāfūr) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 18 families.
 Balaganur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindgi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Manchester is an incorporated village in the town of Manchester Bennington County Vermont United States. The population was 749 at the 2010 census.The village center located in the vicinity of Vermont Route 7A Union Street and Taconic Avenue was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Manchester Village Historic District in 1984. The district includes 65 contributing and 19 non-contributing properties spread over an area of 90 acres (360000 m2).
 Chamian (Persian: چميان‎ also Romanized as Chamīān Chemīyān and Chimaiyān) is a village in Muran Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1392 in 291 families.
 Taras [ˈtaras] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przedbórz 34 km (21 mi) east of Radomsko and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bon Zard-e Sofla (Persian: بن زردسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bon Zard-e Soflá and Bon Zard Soflá; also known as Bon Zard and Bon Zard-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 883 in 192 families.
 Toremeh (Persian: ترمه‎ also Romanized as Tormeh) is a village in Posht Par Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 58 families.
 Bljuštevac (Serbian: Бљуштевац) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Talataye is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ansongo in the Gao Region of south-eastern Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 8126 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 13907.
 Qezel Aghaj (Persian: قزل آغاج‎ also Romanized as Qezel Āghāj; also known as Qezel Āqāch Qezel Āqāj and Qizil Aghāch) is a village in Babarashani Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 22 families.
 Rashvanlu (Persian: رشوانلو‎ also Romanized as Rashvānlū) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 42 families.
 N'Toba is a village and seat of the commune of Koulandougou in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.
 Wołuszewo [vɔwuˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 707.
 Khorvaj (Persian: خرواج‎ also Romanized as Khorvāj Kharvāj Khūrvaj and Khurwāj) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 31 families.
 Aaiha (or Aiha) is a village plain lake and temporary wetland situated in the Rashaya District and south of the Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon. It is located in an intermontane basin near Mount Hermon and the Syrian border approximately halfway between Rashaya and Kfar Qouq.The village sits ca. 3750 feet (1140 m) above sea level and the small population is predominantly Druze. Wild wheats Triticum boeoticum and T. urartu grow in this area also used for farming goats.
 Baluli (Persian: بالولي‎ also Romanized as Bālūlī and Balooli; also known as Bāgh Lūlī) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 120 families.
 Safar Beyk (Persian: صفربيك‎ also Romanized as Şafar Beyk; also known as Borj-e Safar Beg Burj-i-Safar Beg Qal‘eh-ye Şafar Beyg Şafā Beyg Şafar Beīk and Şafar Beyg) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 18 families.
 Białka [ˈbjau̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Iłża 30 km (19 mi) south of Radom and 121 km (75 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Pęcice [pɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pruszków and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Jeżewo [jɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Łęczyce 22 km (14 mi) west of Wejherowo and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Constableville is a village in Lewis County New York United States. The population was 242 at the 2010 census. The village is named after William Constable the son of an early landowner.The Village of Constableville is within the Town of West Turin and is north of Rome.
 Calabërzez is a village in the municipality of Ndroq in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Čengići (Serbian: Ченгићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Moodus is a village in the town of East Haddam Connecticut United States. The village is the basis of a census-designated place (CDP) of the same name. The population of the CDP was 1413 at the 2010 census.
 Lavashan (Persian: لواشان‎ also Romanized as Lavāshān) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 60 families.
 Thana Maulo is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1700 people living in 331 individual households.
 Bahmanabad-e Jadid (Persian: بهمن ابادجديد‎ also Romanized as Bahmanābād-e Jadīd; also known as Bahmanābād) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1226 in 269 families.
 Dul-e Mahi (Persian: دول ماهي‎ also Romanized as Dūl-e Māhī and Dūlmāhī) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 12 families.
 Khakriz (Persian: خاكريز‎ also Romanized as Khākrīz and Khāk Rīz; also known as Khakir and Khākraz) is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 41 families.
 Warcino [varˈt͡ɕinɔ] (German: Varzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies in the historic Pomerania region on the left banks of the Wieprza river approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kępice 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Słupsk and 117 km (73 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
 Stary Dwór Barciański [ˈstarɨ ˈdvur barˈt͡ɕaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Barciany 16 km (10 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 76 km (47 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 139.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Mehrdasht District Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 100 families.
 Kalan Sara (Persian: كلانسرا‎ also Romanized as Kalān Sarā; also known as Kaland Sarā) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 43 families.
 Liman Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 218 people.
 Aurahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3509 people living in 706 individual households.
 Durbeni (Persian: دوربني‎ also Romanized as Dūrbenī and Dūrbonī) is a village in Salakh Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 616 in 155 families.
 Sardar Nagar is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal.
 Zendek [ˈzɛndɛk] (German Schendek) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarowice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Ożarowice 17 km (11 mi) east of Tarnowskie Góry and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1000.
 Qasemabad-e Sarui (Persian: قاسم ابادساروئي‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Sārū’ī; also known as Qāsemābād Sārū’ Sārū’ī and Sārū’īyeh) is a village in Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1953 in 462 families.
 Bisheh Deraz (Persian: بيشه دراز‎ also Romanized as Bīsheh Derāz and Bīsheh Darāz; also known as Beshādarāz) is a village in Anaran Rural District in the Central District of Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 577 in 117 families.
 Skoraczewiec [skɔraˈt͡ʂɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Sośno 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Podgradina (Livno) is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] (German: Damerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lichnowy 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Malbork and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 243.
 Qezel Bolagh (Persian: قزل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qezel Bolāgh) is a village in Siyah Mansur Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 48 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajj Dowlat Ahmad (Persian: قشلاق حاج دول ت احمد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Dowlat Aḩmad) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Zdynia [ˈzdɨɲa] (Ukrainian: Ждиня Zhdynia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Uście Gorlickie 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Gorlice and 117 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 220. Zdynia is the site of an annual festival of Lemko culture.
 Boz-e Azna (Persian: بزازنا‎ also Romanized as Boz-e Aznā Bozāznā and Būzāznāh) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 910 in 222 families.
 Qarah Shahverdi (Persian: قره شاهوردي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Shāhverdī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 802 in 180 families.
 Wilczanka best wieś[vilˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Żyrzyn 16 km (10 mi) north of Puławy and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Rynia [ˈrɨɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dobre 22 km (14 mi) north of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 48 km (30 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Prigrevica (Serbian Cyrillic: Пригревица) is a village located in the Apatin municipality in the West Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village is located 9 km east from Apatin. Population of Prigrevica counts about 3964 people (2011 census) mostly ethnic Serbs.
 Vijesolići (Serbian: Вијесолићи) is a village in the municipality of Breza Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kondamanjulur (from konda mundu ooru meaning the village before hills) is a village in Pangulur Zilla Prakasam district Andhra Pradesh India. It has a milk processing centre and a high school which attracts students from neighbouring villages. The village is situated on national highway NH-5 23 km from Chilakaluripet and approximately 40 km from Ongole the administrative headquarters of Prakasam district.
 Bab ol Bagh (Persian: باب الباغ‎ also Romanized as Bāb ol Bāgh; also known as Dar Bāgh Dar-e Bāgh and Darreh Bāgh) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 85 families.
 Kabilasi is a Village Development Committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7050 people residing in 1362 individual households.
 Shahrak-e Baba Abbas (Persian: شهرك باباعباس‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Bābā ‘Abbās; also known as Bābā ‘Abbās Bābā ‘Abbās-e Daym and Bābā ‘Abbās-e Bālā) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1151 in 263 families.
 Shivarin (Persian: شيورين‎ also Romanized as Shīvarīn and Shīverīn; also known as Shavarīn and Shawārin) is a village in Darsajin Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 35 families.
 Stare Draganie [ˈstarɛ draˈɡaɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kõpu is a village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 11 (as of 1 January 2011).In 1873 the Pootsi-Kõpu Holy Trinity Apostolic Orthodox church was built.The eastern half of the village is covered by Lindi Nature Reserve with Lindi bog.
 Qaleh Sefid (Persian: قلعه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sefīd Qal‘eh Safīd and Qal‘eh-ye Safīd) is a village in Talkhvoncheh Rural District in the Central District of Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 51 families.
 Makdin-e Olya (Persian: مكدين عليا‎ also Romanized as Makdīn-e ‘Olyā and Makedīn Olyā; also known as Makdīn-e Bālā and Makeh Dīn ‘Olyā) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 32 families.
 Dehlaq (Persian: دهلق‎) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1098 in 235 families.
 Studzianki [stuˈd͡ʑaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Sadkowice 16 km (10 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Antoninów [antɔˈninuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Sławno 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Opoczno and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Karula is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 197 (as of 1 January 2010).Politician Jüri Jaakson (1870–1942) was born in Karula.
 Flateyri is a village situated in Iceland's Westfjords. With a population of approximately 237 it is the largest settlement in Önundarfjörður.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 17 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Julianów [juˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ożarów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Opatów and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Balgarchevo is a village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria оn the right bank of the Struma river 5 kilometers northwest of Blagoevgrad.
 Coronel Belisle is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Grochowo Trzecie [ɡrɔˈxɔvɔ ˈtʂɛt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztutowo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sztutowo 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Oreshino is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria. It was known as Kozluca before 1934
 Sosnowa [sɔsˈnɔva] (German: Wolmsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec Ząbkowicki within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Elżbietów [ɛlʐˈbjɛtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād; also known as Kārīz Dīvāneh) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 85 families.
 Beganovi is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Saqi (Persian: ساقي‎ also Romanized as Sāqī; also known as Sāgi) is a village in Amiriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 567 in 134 families.
 Khvordeh Bolagh (Persian: خورده بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Khvordeh Bolāgh; also known as Hardabulāq Kharda-Bulakh Khordeh Bālā and Khordeh Bolāgh) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 82 families.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Banestan Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sanguela is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Goudie Sougouna in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 57 km southeast of Koutiala.
 Korzybie [kɔˈʐɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kamarbon (Persian: كمربن‎; also known as Kamarīn) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 13 families.
 Las Palmitas is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Nowa Wieś Kłodzka [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈkwɔt͡ska] (German: Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Nowa Ruda 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Kłodzko and 70 kilometres (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 250.
 Teleh Khan (Persian: تله خان‎ also Romanized as Teleh Khān; also known as Tīleh Khān) is a village in Virmuni Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 20 families.
 Vidrek is a small village in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is located along the Ofotfjorden just east of the Skjomen fjord. The population of the village is about 70.On 10 April 1940 in the First Naval Battle of Narvik the British flagship HMS Hardy was beached in flames on Vidrek and about 30 seamen were killed.
 Wankhed is a small village situated on the bank of Vaan River in Maharashtra India.Wankhed is situated at the bank of river wan (WAN NADI) in the buldana district of maharashtra state (vidarbha region).
 Grocholin [ɡrɔˈxɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kcynia 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Nakło nad Notecią and 41 km (25 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 520.
 Zagroda [zaˈɡrɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Pokrówka 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Chełm and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 278.
 Białków [ˈbjau̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsko within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lubsko 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Żary and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 345.
 Miętno [ˈmjɛntnɔ] (German: Minten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowogard 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Galena is a village in Delaware County Ohio United States. The population was 653 at the 2010 census.
 Chal Pu (Persian: چلپو‎ also Romanized as Chal Pū) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szczerbowo [ʂt͡ʂɛrˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Gardab-e Yek (Persian: گرداب یک‎ also Romanized as Gardāb-e Yek; also known as Gardāb and Gerdāb) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Chałupki [xaˈwupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Krasocin 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Włoszczowa and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 13.
 Chaj (Persian: چاج‎ also Romanized as Chāj) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 124 families.
 Kleszczewo [klɛʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Marchubeh (Persian: مارچوبه‎ also Romanized as Mārchūbeh) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 45 families.
 Jones Creek is a village in Brazoria County Texas United States. The population was 2020 at the 2010 census. It is the first location in Texas where Stephen F. Austin settled.
 Długie [ˈdwuɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Chodów 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Koło and 139 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 144.
 Hajjiabad-e Salar (Persian: حاجي ابادسالار‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Sālār; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 17 families.
 Thumpakhar (Nepali: थुम्पाखर) is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. In the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5210 with 1023 houses.
 Los Castillos is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Żerdenka [ʐɛrˈdɛŋka] (Ukrainian: Жерденка Zherdenka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Baligród 9 km (6 mi) south of Lesko and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Pain Sang Rizeh (Persian: پايين سنگريزه‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Sang Rīzeh) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 71 families.
 Betlijeh (Persian: بتليجه‎ also Romanized as Betlījeh; also known as Baltagh Belītjā Beltīcheh Beltījeh and Bīltījeh) is a village in Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 84 families.
 Stemshaug is a village and former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the mainland along the southern shore of the Torsetsundet in the present-day Aure Municipality. The former municipality encompassed the northeastern part of Aure including the eastern part of Skardsøya island and the Tjeldbergodden area on the mainland. The very old Stemshaug Church is located in the village. The village of Stemshaug was the administrative centre of the municipality.
 Gisel (Persian: گيسل‎ also Romanized as Gīsel and Gisal; also known as Kīseh and Kīsel) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 30 families.
 Żelazna Góra [ʐɛˈlazna ˈɡura] (German Eisenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Braniewo and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 394.
 Kyungon is a village in Wakema Township Myaungmya District in the Ayeyarwady Region of northcentral Burma (Myanmar). Kyungon is on the left (south) bank of the Pyamalaw River across from the village of Kwinbauk.In 2009 a bridge over the Pyamalaw River at Kyungon was completed. The bridge is a 500 foot suspension bridge 14 feet wide suitable for one-way traffic.
 Nyoni is a village in the Iringa Region of the Tanzanian Southern Highlands. It is located along the A19 road.
 Söğütlü is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Pelawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Złotowo [zwɔˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wierzbinek 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Konin and 105 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Leszczyny [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Jeżów 11 km (7 mi) east of Brzeziny and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Kusheh (Persian: كوشه‎ also Romanized as Kūsheh; also known as Kosheh) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District Shahrabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1768 in 419 families.
 Posht Kabud-e Jahangirvand (Persian: پشت كبودجهانگيروند‎ also Romanized as Posht Kabūd-e Jahāngīrvand; also known as Posht Kabūd) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 38 families.
 Do Chahi (Persian: دوچاهي‎ also Romanized as Do Chāhī) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 26 families.
 Nowe Żukowice [ˈnɔvɛ ʐukɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisia Góra within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 910.
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād; also known as Naşrābād-e Harding) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 18 families.
 Zahiri (Persian: ظهيري‎ also Romanized as Ẓahīrī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād; also known as Noşratābād-e Amīr Ghāyeb) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 35 families.
 Larhang (Persian: لارهنگ‎ also Romanized as Lārhang; also known as Lārmang) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 23 families.
 Rudnik Mały [ˈrudnik ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starcza within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Starcza 20 km (12 mi) south of Częstochowa and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 505.
 Boreč is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Las Chacritas (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Krukówka [kruˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Phong Thạnh is a commune (xã) and village in Giá Rai District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Karczewko [karˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kiszkowo 27 km (17 mi) west of Gniezno and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gardziec [ˈɡard͡ʑet͡s] (formerly German Gut Gartz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przelewice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ewelin [ɛˈvɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Garwolin and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Husainābād and Khusainabad) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 542 in 152 families.
 Busewo [buˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Strzelno 17 km (11 mi) east of Mogilno 49 km (30 mi) south-west of Toruń and 51 km (32 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Szewce [ˈʂɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Samborzec 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kowala-Duszocina [kɔˈvala duʂɔˈt͡ɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kusuma is a village in Reodar Tahsil of Sirohi District of Indian state of Rajasthan.It is 45 km from Abu Road.Its ancient name was Kutsasrama meaning a hermitage of Kutsa. In the seventh century it was famous for the temple of Shiva built in neighbourhood of Kusuma by a warrior named Satyabhata. In 625 AD this area was held by Rajilla who was a feudatory of King Varmalata of Bhinmal.
 Gromadno [ɡrɔˈmadnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kcynia 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Nakło nad Notecią and 40 km (25 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Altaş is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Łęczyce [wɛnˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Lanz) is a village in Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łęczyce. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) west of Wejherowo and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1990.
 Golestan Mahalleh (Persian: گلستان محله‎ also Romanized as Golestān Maḩalleh; also known as Golestān) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 23 families.
 Baireni is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11821.Website: http://baireni.com
 Klasak Duży [ˈklasak ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skomlin within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Skomlin 16 km (10 mi) west of Wieluń and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Azadegan-e Do (Persian: ازادگان 2‎ also Romanized as Āzādegān-e Do) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nosków [ˈnɔskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Jaraczewo 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Jarocin and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 960.
 Sari Chaman (Persian: ساري چمن‎ also Romanized as Sārī Chaman; also known as Sar Chīmeh Sar-e-Chamā Sere-Chima and Ser-i-Chima) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 18 families.
 Kostomlatica is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 22 people.
 Qeshlaq-e Khan Hoseyn Vadelan Teymur (Persian: قشلاق خان حسين ودلان تيمور‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Khān Ḩoseyn Vadelān Ţeymūr) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Bełk [bɛu̯k] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Imielno 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Jędrzejów and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Glewice [ɡlɛˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Glewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 Vatupilei is a village in Guadalcanal Solomon Islands. It is located near Aruliho 33.8 kilometres (21.0 mi) by road northwest of Honiara.
 Kopaczów [kɔˈpat͡ʂuf] (German: Oberullersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech and German borders. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Bogatynia 33 kilometres (21 mi) south of Zgorzelec and 156 kilometres (97 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nieczatów [ɲeˈt͡ʂatuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Harishi (Persian: هريشي‎ also Romanized as Harīshī; also known as Hūrshīn) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 10 families.
 Rae is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia. It has a population of 16 (as of 29 September 2010).
 Hemmatabad-e Zamani (Persian: همتابادزماني‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Zamānī; also known as Hemmatābād and Hemmatābād-e Zamānābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1447 in 390 families.
 Mieduniszki Wielkie [mjɛduˈniʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Medunischken from 1938-45 Großmedien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Barzkowice [baʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 585.
 Varegah (Persian: وارگه‎ also Romanized as Vāregah; also known as Vārgar) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District in the Central District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1019 in 215 families.
 Long Điền A is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Chợ Mới District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Luciejów [luˈt͡ɕejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Buczek 10 km (6 mi) south of Łask and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pobłocie [pɔˈbwɔt͡ɕe] (German Poblotz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Główczyce 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 780.
 Rujan is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Srnice Donje is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bambrugge is a sub-municipality of Erpe-Mere in Flanders. It is located on the Molenbeek in the Denderstreek southeast of East Flanders and belongs to the Arrondissement of Aalst. It is bordered by the sub-municipalities of Vlekkem Ottergem Mere Aaigem and Burst and the municipality of Sint-Lievens-Houtem (sub-municipality Zonnegem). Bambrugge has 1575 inhabitants as of 1 January 2003 and has an area of 2.89 km. The population density is 545 inhabitants / km ².
 Mahmudiyeh (Persian: محموديه‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdīyeh; also kown as Mahmū’īyeh) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 6 families.
 Jackowskie [jat͡sˈkɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ostrówek 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد/ريزو‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād; also known as Rīzū) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Odrzywół [ɔˈdʐɨvuu̯] is a village in Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Odrzywół. It lies in northern part of historic Lesser Poland approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Przysucha and 84 km (52 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Wielki Potok [ˈvjɛlki ˈpɔtɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Biecz 14 km (9 mi) north of Gorlice and 98 km (61 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Heggjabygda is a village in Eid in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located along the northern shore of the large lake Hornindalsvatnet. The village of Mogrenda lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) to the west. Heggjabygda Church is located in the village right along the lake shore.
 Hemingford is a village in Box Butte County Nebraska United States. The population was 803 at the 2010 census.
 Carevo Polje is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the place where in 1463 Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror ordered the execution of the last King of Bosnia Stephen Tomašević.In English the name means The Emperor's Field.
 Gadsingapur is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Parigi mandal. Gangimalla Parwatappa --- Patel (S/Olate Badrappa)Family : Gangimalla Parijatha Gangimalla Mahesh Gangimalla Shashank.Gangimalla Siddiramappa Family ( BagyammaSravanChekramPrahallad)Gangimalla Sharanappa Family ( VeeramaniNagu)Gangimalla Devamma Family (Veresh)
 Cheshmeh Shur (Persian: چشمه شور‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Shūr Chashmeh Shūr and Cheshmeh-ye Shūr; also known as Chashmeh-ye Sūr and Chasmeh Shūr) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chunzeh-ye Olya (Persian: چونزه عليا‎ also Romanized as Chūnzeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chūnzeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 26 families.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karczyn-Wieś [ˈkart͡ʂɨn ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Wilczków [ˈvilt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Żórawina and 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 420.
 Thapangaing is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Haft Cheshmeh-ye Zangivand (Persian: هفت چشمه زنگيوند‎ also Romanized as Haft Cheshmeh-ye Zangīvand; also known as Haft Cheshmeh) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jabłonka [jaˈbwɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Branice 21 km (13 mi) south of Głubczyce and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 50.
 El Bobadal is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Tarqi (Persian: ترقي‎ also Romanized as Tarqī; also known as Targhī Taraghghi Taraqqī and Targbi) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 84 families.
 Aleksinački Bujmir ( Serbian: Алексиначки Бујмир) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac in the Nišava District. The population of the village is 467 people (2002 census).
 Pach Kenar (Persian: پاچكنار‎ also Romanized as Pāch Kenār; also known as Pācheh Kenār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1638 in 456 families.
 Stare Trębice [ˈstarɛ trɛmˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tarik Darreh (Persian: تاريك دره‎ also Romanized as Tārīk Darreh) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 18 families.
 Yazagyo (also Yazagya and Yarzagyo) is the northernmost village in Kale Township Kale District of western Burma (Myanmar).The Yazagyo Airfield where the US 965th and 966th Airborne Air Control Squadrons were stationed during World War II is located 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of the town.
 There is also a town called Vágur on Suðuroy.Sørvágur is a village on the island of Vágar in the Faroe Islands.It is located at the landward end of Sørvágsfjørður. Sørvágur is the largest village in the municipality of Sørvágs Kommuna.
 Abuzariyeh (Persian: ابوذريه‎ also Romanized as Abūz̄arīyeh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 630 in 142 families.
 Jagodowo [jaɡɔˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 47.
 Kurisumuttom is in one of the beautiful province Pathanamthitta in Kerala India. It is in between Thiruvalla and Ranny. It is a beautiful place blessed with hills valleys streams etc.
 Salhakeh (Persian: صالحكه‎ also Romanized as Sālḥakeh) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 455 in 88 families.
 Komalwy [kɔˈmalvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Mīrḩasan Ḩoseynābād Hasan Abad Behandan Ḩoseynābād Ākhvond and Husainābād) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yeğenli is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village at 36°36′N 34°00′E is situated in the peneplane area of the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Silifke is 38 kilometres (24 mi) and to Mersin is 86 kilometres (53 mi). The population of Yeğenli is 700 as of 2010. The main crop of the village is tomatoes.
 Nazmabad (Persian: نظم آباد‎ also Romanized as Naz̧mābād) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 545 in 111 families.
 Golnice [ɡɔlˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Groß Gollnisch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) north of Bolesławiec and 105 km (65 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 240.
 Sitno [ˈɕitnɔ] (German: Hütten bei Gellin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Szczecinek and 141 km (88 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Khaneh Goli (Persian: خانه گلي‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Golī) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Hesil Qanbareh (Persian: حصيل قنبره‎ also Romanized as Ḩeṣīl Qanbareh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Mian Zamin (Persian: ميان زمين‎ also Romanized as Mīān Zamīn; also known as Anjīr-e Zīrakī (Persian: انجيرزيركي)) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 63 families.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District in the Central District of Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kattur (Koohur) is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kimari is a village development committee in Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 743 people living in 131 individual households.
 Rajalingampet is a Gram Panchayat village located in Medipalle Mandal Karimnagar District Andhra Pradesh State India. Rajalingampet is located 49.8 km distance from its District Headquarters (Karimnagar).
 Pustki Działyńskie [ˈpustki d͡ʑaˈwɨɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Zbójno 10 km (6 mi) south of Golub-Dobrzyń and 33 km (21 mi) east of Toruń.
 Piersno [ˈpjɛrsnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Pehkwin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Goduk is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3448 persons living in 646 individual households.
 Łaziszcze [waˈʑiʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Chojna 40 km (25 mi) south of Gryfino and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gornja Draguša is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 258 people.
 Kalskie Nowiny [ˈkalskʲɛ nɔˈvinɨ] (German: Kehlerwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Haleji Sharif is a village in Pano Aqil taluka Sukkur district in Sindh Pakistan. It is about 50 kilometres (31 mi) from Sukkur City and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from Pano Aqil near Pano Aqil Cantonment on National Highway N5.
 Halilbeyli is a village in the Saimbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Batvand (Persian: بتوند‎ also Romanized as Batwand) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 51 families.
 Thyavanige is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Channagiri taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Mangjabung is a village development committee in Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3430 people living in 645 individual households.
 La Clarita is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Efe is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Qezel Qapi (Persian: قزل قپي‎ also Romanized as Qezel Qapī and Qezel Qopī; also known as Qezelqūpī) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1935 in 395 families.
 Ratković is a village in the municipality of Rekovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 461 people.
 Argavary (Persian: ارگوارئ‎ also Romanized as Ārgavāry; also known as Sarāb Khomān Arkvāzy (Persian: سراب خمان اركوازئ) and Sarāb Khomān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 499 in 102 families.
 Sadówiec [saˈduvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Demirtaş is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Oxford is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Rybno [ˈrɨbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kiszkowo 23 km (14 mi) west of Gniezno and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 860.
 Kharguiyeh (Persian: خرگويه‎ also Romanized as Khargūīyeh and Khargūyeh; also known as Khargāh-e Shomālī and Khargū) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Edavanakad is a part of Vypin islands which comes under the Ernakulam district of Kerala India. It is a suburb of Cochin city. The Vypin - Munambam state highway passes through the village. Its western border is Arabian Sea the eastern Border is Vembanadu Lake the northern border is Kuzhupilly village and the southern Border is Nayarambalam village.
 Sakhteman-e Qanbari (Persian: ساختمان قنبري‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān-e Qanbarī) is a village in Fasarud Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 713 in 149 families.
 Chah-e Kalanteh (Persian: چاه كلنته‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Kalanteh) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Doble [ˈdɔblɛ] (formerly German Döbel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Tychowo 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Białogard and 120 km (75 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dehnow-e Shams Ali (Persian: دهنوشمسعلي‎ also Romanized as Dehnow-e Shams ʿAlī; also known as Dehnow-e Shamsalī) is a village in Rig Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 24 families.
 Pope is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 79 people.
 Danture is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Stanisławy [staniˈswavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przodkowo 7 km (4 mi) north of Kartuzy and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chanaq Bolagh (Persian: چناق بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Chanāq Bolāgh) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 14 families.
 Hõreda is a village in Juuru Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia. It has an area of 421 ha and a population of 39 (as of 1 February 2010).In 2010 Helda village was detached from the lands of Hõreda.
 Gishi Chah (Persian: گيشي چاه‎ also Romanized as Gīshī Chāh; also known as Gīsheh Chāh and Gīsh Chāh) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lohegaon is a village in Pune district India. It is primarily known for the Pune International Airport a domestic and international airport. This place also has an Air Force base known as 2 wing one of the oldest air base in India after the Ambala Air Base. A lot of ex-servicemen reside in Lohegaon.
 Dorposz Szlachecki [ˈdɔrpɔʂ ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] (German: Hönsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Chełmno 32 km (20 mi) north-west of Toruń and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Batman (Persian: باتمان‎ also Romanized as Bātmān) is a village in Razavar Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 117 families.
 Dąbroszyn [dɔmˈbrɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Rychwał 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Konin and 90 km (56 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 550.
 Gökyaka is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 749 people.
 Zofiówka [zɔˈfjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Meshk-e Anbar (Persian: مشك عنبر‎ also Romanized as Meshk-e ‘Anbar Meshk‘anbar and Moshk ‘Anbar; also known as Meshg ‘Anbar Meshg ‘Anbar Mīāneh Moshg Anbar and Mushkyambar) is a village in Sina Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 50 families.
 Komarani (Serbian Cyrillic: Коарани) is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 346 people.
 Nasr ol Din (Persian: نصرالدين‎ also Romanized as Naşr ol Dīn and Naşr od Dīn; also known as Nasradi Nasreddin and Nasredī) is a village in Gazik Rural District Gazik District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 119 families.
 Ribaševina (Serbian Cyrillic: Рибашевина) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. Royal Prime-minister Milan Stojadinovic was kept under house arrest in Ribasevina in 1939 before he was transferred to Mauritius. He was detained in Ribasevina in a villa of a famous Serbian and Yugoslavian painter and sculptor Mihailo Milovanovic.
 Baghcheh (Persian: باغچه‎ also Romanized as Bāghcheh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Žibininkai is a village in Lithuania. It is located in the Kretinga municipality 4 km northeast of the Baltic Sea resort Palanga.In the village there is a spacious complex of the brewery HBH Juozo alus where visitors can find beer gardens restaurants a horse riding centre and a vast playground.
 Randan (Persian: رندان‎ also Romanized as Randān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Donja Bukvica is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zarrin Deh (Persian: زرين ده‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Deh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Niwy [ˈnivɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Osielsko and 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Subaşı is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Belodol is a village in the municipality of Pomorie in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Karwice [karˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Karwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Malechowo 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Sławno and 165 km (103 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin and has a population of 410.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Krośniewice 14 km (9 mi) west of Kutno and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hashemanli (Persian: هاشمنلي‎ also Romanized as Hāshemanlī; also known as Hāshem Elá) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 27 families.
 Biele [ˈbjɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 42.
 Kal (Persian: كل‎) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 42 families.
 Mawsynram (Pron: ˈmɔ:sɪnˌrəm) is a village in the East Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya state in north-eastern India 65 kilometers from Shillong. It is reportedly the wettest place on Earth with an annual rainfall of 11872 millimetres (467.4 in) but that claim is disputed by Lloró Colombia which had an average yearly rainfall of 12717 millimetres (500.7 in) between 1952 and 1989 and Lopez del Micay also in Colombia with 12892 mm between 1960 and 2012.
 Eyn-e Hammad (Persian: عين حماد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eyn-e Ḩammād ‘Eyn-e Hamād and ‘Eyn Ḩamād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 28 families.
 Kitadal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Belesovë is a village in the municipality of Lumas in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Koniewo-Osada [kɔˈɲevɔ ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Ambanwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mahmud Shahi (Persian: محمودشاهي‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūd Shāhī; also known as Maḩmūd Shādī) is a village in Tiab Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 14 families.
 Andhakaranazhy is a coastal village located 4 km West of Pattanakkad under Pattanakkad Panchayath under Cherthala Taluk. It is famous for its beach which draws a number of domestic and international tourists.
 Resket-e Olya (Persian: رسكت عليا‎ also Romanized as Resket-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bālā Raskat Bālā Resket and Resket) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 67 families.
 Sinab (Persian: سيناب‎ also Romanized as Sīnāb) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Kławki [ˈkwafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stare Pole 13 km (8 mi) east of Malbork and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 126.
 Kuhin (Persian: كوهين‎ also Romanized as Kūhīn) is a village in Kuhin Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2045 in 457 families.
 Podole [pɔˈdɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Bełżyce and 22 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kulakh or Kulaikh is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Shekal Gurab-e Bala (Persian: شكال گوراب بالا‎ also Romanized as Shekāl Gūrāb-e Bālā; also known as Shaghāl Gūrāb Shakālgūrāb Shekāl Gūrāb Shigāl Gurāb and Shikil’-Kirab) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 579 in 144 families.
 Donje Lopiže is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 123 people.
 Shetow (Persian: شطو‎ also Romanized as Sheţow) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 16 families.
 Ichi Daraq (Persian: ايچي درق‎ also Romanized as Īchī Daraq) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Karagastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kalateh-ye Rezaiyeh (Persian: كلاته رضائيه‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Rez̤āīyeh) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Krossneset is a village in Meland municipality in Hordaland county Norway. The village sits on the island of Flatøy about half-way between the villages of Frekhaug (to the west) and Knarvik (to the east). The 0.54-square-kilometre (130-acre) village has a population (2012) of 468 giving the village a population density of 867 inhabitants per square kilometre (2250 /sq mi).The village sits at a major transportation cross-roads.
 Kaliska [kaˈliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Drzycim 10 km (6 mi) north of Świecie 49 km (30 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 54 km (34 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 12.
 Jõeveere is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Beyg Oveysi (Persian: بيگ اويسي‎ also Romanized as Beyg Oveysī; also known as Beyg Ovbast and Beyk Oveysī) is a village in Torjan Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 71 families.
 Hartsdale was a town in St. John Township Lake County Indiana United States. It is part of the Chicago metropolitan area. Hartsdale was annexed by Schererville Indiana in 1911.
 Rąbierz-Kolonia [ˈrɔmbjɛʂ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Miski (Persian: مسكي‎ also Romanized as Mīskī) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Machcinko [maxˈt͡ɕiŋkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Brzozowo-Chrzczonki [bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈxʂt͡ʂɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Castlerock is a village in the Uttara Kannada (North Kanara) district Indian state of Karnataka The town is located in the Western Ghats on the state's border with Goa at an elevation of 621 m (2040 ft).Konkani and Marathi is spoken as a local language. Urdu and English are also used in social communication.Located at height in a heavily forested area Castle Rock's vegetation is moist tropical deciduous. Manganese mines in the area form the main economy of the region.
 La Espid Seyyed Fakhr (Persian: لااسپيدسيدفاخر‎ also Romanized as Lā Espīd Seyyed Fākhr) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Motycz Leśny [ˈmɔtɨt͡ʂ ˈlɛɕnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kikół-Wieś [ˈkikuu̯ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kallur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Koperno [kɔˈpɛrnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Gubin 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 54 km (34 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sardasht-e Kalus (Persian: سردشت كالوس‎ also Romanized as Sardasht-e Kālūs) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 17 families.
 Strzeszkowice Duże [stʂɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Niedrzwica Duża and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Takyeh (Persian: تكيه‎ also Romanized as Takieh; also known as Takīyeh-e Chahār Gonbad Takyeh Chahār Gonbad Takyeh-ye Chahār Gonbad and Tekyeh Chahār Gonbad) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 60 families.
 Nazarabad (Persian: نظراباد‎ also Romanized as Naz̧arābād) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brzegi [ˈbʐɛɡi] is a village (Slovak: Brehy) in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowina Tatrzańska within Tatra County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia.
 This article is about a small Indian village in Ranchi.Choreya is a small village in Ranchi (capital of the Indian state Jharkhand). It is situated in Chanho block. It is one of the 67 villages of Chanho.
 Thazi is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Gødderstad is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Nowe Skudzawy [ˈnɔvɛ skuˈd͡zavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Łęknica [wɛnkˈnit͡sa] (German Locknick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Nieradowo [ɲeraˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Mława and 105 km (65 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Sar Khalun (Persian: سرخلون‎ also Romanized as Sar Khalūn; also known as Deh Sar Khūn and Sar Khūn) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Regulice [rɛɡuˈlʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Alwernia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Alwernia 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1882.
 Drogomil [drɔˈɡɔmil] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytom Odrzański within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bytom Odrzański 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Nowa Sól and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Słupca and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Darreh-ye Juzar (Persian: دره جوزار‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Jūzār) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yeşilyayla is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Umień [ˈumjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Koło and 134 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 260.
 Hoston is village in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located on the northeastern shore of the lake Hostovatnet about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) west of Vormstad and just north of the border with Meldal. The Søvasskjølen Church is located in the mountains about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) to the northwest of Hoston.
 Padež is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 58 people.
 Bukowo [buˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Człuchów and 119 km (74 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 209.
 Paczynka [paˈt͡ʂɨnka] (German Klein Patschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Toszek 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 156.
 Lepa is a small village at the southeastern end of Upolu island in Samoa. The village has a population of 170 (2006 Census). It is also the name of an electoral faipule district Lepa Electoral Constituency which consists of 6 villages including Lepa village with a total population of 1429. (2006 Census).The village and Lepa Electoral Constituency are part of the larger political district of Atua.
 Lake Isabella is a village in Isabella County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population grew to 1681 people as of the 2010 Census making the community one of the state's ten fastest growing communities in terms of percentage with an increase of 35% from the 2000 Census and an increase of 160% from 1990. The village is on the boundary between Sherman Township to the north and Broomfield Township to the south.
 Mihanabad (Persian: ميهن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mīhanābād; also known as Mīhanābād-e Shomālī) is a village in Bostan Rural District Bostan District Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 10 families.
 Mur-e Gham-e Vosta (Persian: مورغم وسطي‎ also Romanized as Mūr-e Gham-e Vosţá; also known as Mūr-e Gham) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 25 families.
 Shahab ol Din (Persian: شهاب الدين‎ also Romanized as Shahāb ol Dīn and Shahāb od Dīn) is a village in Naqdi Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 11 families.
 Afir (Persian: عفير‎ also Romanized as ʿAfīr; also known as Gowd-e Afīr) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lirom (Persian: ليرم‎ also Romanized as Līrom; also known as Kalāteh-ye Lī Rūm) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stojcino [stɔi̯ˈt͡ɕinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Smołdzino 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 98 km (61 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 123.
 Strupina (Maglaj) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Józin [ˈjuʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Butler is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1841 at the 2010 census.
 Shah Kafer (Persian: شه كافر‎ also Romanized as Shah Kāfer) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 13 families.
 Lusina [luˈɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kattemalalavadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hunsur taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Sääre is one of the four villages on the island of Kihnu in southwestern Estonia. Administratively it belongs to Kihnu Parish Pärnu County. The village is situated in the northern side of the island. In 2000 Sääre had a population of 137.Kihnu Airfield is located in Sääre.
 Karsina [karˈɕina] (German Karzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Polanów 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 147 km (91 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area of Farther Pomerania where the village is located was part of Germany.
 Ab Kulak (Persian: اب كولك‎ also Romanized as Āb Kūlak) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 8 families.
 Paasi is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Mojtame-e Shahid Namju (Persian: مجتمع شهيدنامجو‎ also Romanized as Mojtame`-e Shahīd Nāmjū) is a village in Jamalabad Rural District Sharifabad District Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7281 in 1999 families.
 Provodov-Šonov is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Przybroda [pʂɨˈbrɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Rokietnica and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 390.
 Tazeh Kand-e Qarajeh Qayah (Persian: تازه كندقراجه قيه‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Qarājeh Qayah; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Qezel Dāgh and Tāzeh Kand-e Qezel Dāghī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 27 families.
 Piątek [ˈpjɔntɛk] is a village in Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Piątek. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Łęczyca and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 2130.
 Objazda-Kolonia [ɔbˈjazda kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Ustka 15 km (9 mi) north of Słupsk and 105 km (65 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bel-Ridge is a northern suburban village in St. Louis County Missouri United States. The population was 2737 at the 2010 census. Bel-Ridge is part of the Normandy School System and borders the affluent villages of Bel-Nor and Bellerive.
 Pohoří (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dar Eshkaft (Persian: درشكفت‎; also known as Dareshkāf Darreh Eshgoft Dar Shekāf Toroshakī and Turushkaf) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 28 families.
 Pruski [ˈpruski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Iłowo-Osada 11 km (7 mi) east of Działdowo and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 300.
 Maciejewo [mat͡ɕɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Osieczna 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Leszno and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Brzezówka [bʐɛˈzufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Tarnowiec 11 km (7 mi) east of Jasło and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Niechmirów [ɲexˈmiruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Burzenin 24 km (15 mi) south of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 361.
 Trzciągowo [tʂt͡ɕɔnˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyzdroje within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Międzyzdroje 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany and the place was called Stengow. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Koszelewska Łąka [kɔʂɛˈlɛfska ˈwɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Zagórów 22 km (14 mi) south of Słupca and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Khalifeh Kandi (Persian: خليفه كندي‎ also Romanized as Khalīfeh Kandī; also known as Ḩamīdīyeh Hātam Khalfa Khalīeh Kandī-ye Ḩātam Khalīfeh and Khalīfeh Kandī-ye Ḩātam) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 64 families.
 Orła [ˈɔrwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Parzęczew 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bozquchan (Persian: بزقوچان‎ also Romanized as Bozqūchān; also known as Bozqūjān) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1056 in 269 families.
 Phulbari is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4462 persons residing in 745 individual households.
 Tall Korehi-ye Bon Rud (Persian: تل كره اي بنرود‎ also Romanized as Tall Korehī-ye Bon Rūd; also known as Tall Koreh) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Kątki [ˈkɔntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Stary Targ 8 km (5 mi) east of Sztum and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 110.
 Yanatlı is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Arab Kheyl (Persian: عربخيل‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab Kheyl; also known as Kaleh ‘Arab Kheyl) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District Bahnemir District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1261 in 338 families.
 Pieszków [ˈpjɛʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Jajkowice [jai̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Sadkowice 27 km (17 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wybcz [vɨpt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Toruń and 32 km (20 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 450.
 Pniewo [ˈpɲevɔ] (German: Pinnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Płoty 16 km (10 mi) east of Gryfice and 78 km (48 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kruzy [ˈkruzɨ] (German Krausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kolno and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Veyseh (Persian: ويسه‎ also Romanized as Vayseh and Vaiseh; also known as Gharb Veyseh and Vīzeh) is a village in Zarivar Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 825 in 180 families.
 Dokshytsy or Dokshitsy (Belarusian: Докшыцы Russian: До́кшицы Polish: Dokszyce) is a town in the Vitebsk Region of Belarus with a significant Chassidic history. It is 200 km (124.27 mi) southwest of Vitebsk and a kilometer from the source of the Berezina River.
 Donja Kovačica is a village in the municipality Veliki Grđevac Bjelovar-Bilogora County in Croatia. According to the 2001 census there are 342 inhabitants in 99 of family households.
 Mowtowr-e Musa Haqiqi-ye Do (Persian: موتورموسي حقيقي 2‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mūsá Ḩaqīqī-ye Do) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 14 families.
 Difeh Aqa (Persian: ديفه اقا‎ also Romanized as Dīfeh Āqā; also known as Daf‘eh Da’feh Āqā Da’feh Raẕavī and Da’feh-ye Āqā) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 657 in 157 families.
 Sierowo [ɕeˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kołczygłowy 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Bytów and 87 km (54 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bereket is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 135 people.
 Žiča is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Katkajmy [katˈkai̯mɨ] (German: Kattkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kętrzyn and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Písková Lhota (Nymburk District) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Hasanabad-e Dabirnezam (Persian: حسن اباددبيرنظام‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Dabīrneẓām) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 32 families.
 Gedik Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Erdevik (Serbian Cyrillic: Ердевик pronounced [ɛrdɛ̌ʋiːk]) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Šid municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3316 people (2002 census).
 Shisuwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12127.From local era 2054 B.S. it has been merged with other four village development committee to from Lekhnath Municipality.
 Kazemabad (Persian: كاظم آباد‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād; also known as Kāzīmābād) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 36 families.
 Kmetovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Wyczechy [vɨˈt͡ʂɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Czarne 23 km (14 mi) west of Człuchów and 129 km (80 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 842.
 Tummaloor is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal.
 Sključani (Serbian: Скључани) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zeynabad (Persian: زين آباد‎ also Romanized as Zeynābād) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 9 families.
 Kołaki [kɔˈwaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Rajgród 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Grajewo and 78 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kasare (Marathi: कासारे) is a small village in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra India. This village is located near Takli Dhokeshwar.
 Jagodziny [jaɡɔˈd͡ʑinɨ] (German: Ketzwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Dąbrówno 25 km (16 mi) south of Ostróda and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 150.
 Czyste [ˈt͡ʂɨstɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Janawad is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Gotheye is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Faqihabad (Persian: فقيه اباد‎ also Romanized as Faqīhābād) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1043 in 279 families.
 Gol Afshad (Persian: گل افشاد‎ also Romanized as Gol Afshād; also known as Gāv Afshād and Gol Afshān) is a village in Miankuh Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 35 families.
 Musa Kuhkan (Persian: موسي كوهكن‎ also Romanized as Mūsá Kūhkan; also known as Deh-e Mūsá Kūkān) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 36 families.
 Štrukovec (Hungarian: Muraréthát) is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D209 highway.
 Tolombeh-ye Arj Yarahmadi (Persian: تلمبه ارج ياراحمدي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ārj Yārāḩmadī) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Ćmachowo [t͡ɕmaˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wronki 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 533.
 Sorocza Nóżka [sɔˈrɔt͡ʂa ˈnuʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tripurantakam is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The people are Hindus.
 Grzeszyn [ˈɡʐɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Wińsko 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Wołów and 49 kilometres (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Råholt is a village in the municipality of Eidsvoll Norway. Its population (2007) is 9370 of which 259 people live within the border of the neighboring municipality Ullensaker.Råholt has experienced growth following the airport at Gardermoen and expansion still takes place.
 Petit-Rocher (2011 population: 1908) is a Canadian village in Gloucester County New Brunswick. Located on Nepisiguit Bay 20 km northwest of Bathurst Petit-Rocher's residents are 92% Francophone. Its current population meets the requirements for town status under the Municipalities Act of the Province of New Brunswick however the community has not requested a change in municipal status.
 Motipur is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14760 and had 2151 houses in the town.
 Ūta is a village in Kaniavos eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 25 people. As of the 2011 census the population was 11.
 Titkanlu (Persian: تيتكانلو‎ also Romanized as Tītkānlū Tatīgānlū and Tītgānlū; also known as Tīkānlū) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3630 in 950 families.
 Gach Borat (Persian: گچ برات‎ also Romanized as Gach Borāt) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sierra Pailemán is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Sileh Sar (Persian: سيله سر‎ also Romanized as Sīleh Sar and Sīlahsar) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 38 families.
 Koszyce [kɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Koszyce. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Proszowice and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków. The village has a population of 830.The history of Koszyce dates back to the year 1328 when the village was for the first time mentioned in documents.
 Gołostowice [ɡɔwɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Golschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kondratowice 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Strzelin and 43 kilometres (27 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 300.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Atamalek District Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 174 families.
 Sadowice [sadɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kondratowice 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Strzelin and 45 kilometres (28 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Petkovići (Cyrillic: Петковићи) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 86 km (53 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 608.
 Laskerguda is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal.
 Sidhwan dona is a village in Kapurthala district Punjab (India). It is 13 km away from Kapurthala and 28 km from Jalandhar. Sidhwan Dona is a village located in the district of Kapurthala in the state of Punjab in India. It has a population of about 4716 persons living in around 2500 households.
 Ayyappancoil അയ്യപ്പന്കോവിൽ is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.Ayyappancoil is 7.430 km far from Kattappana which is a nearby major town. Ayyappancoil is located 17.33 km from district headquarters and 135 km from its State capital city Thiruvananthapuram .Ayyappancoil was a big township in early 1960s. During the construction of Idukki hydro-electric project the township was evacuated by the Kerala government.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bodzentyn and 21 km (13 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 Neumětely is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Afra Sara (Persian: افراسرا‎ also Romanized as Afrā Sarā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 80 families.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād; also known as Mehdīābād Qal‘eh Āqā Ḩājī Qal‘eh-i-Āgha Hāji and Qal‘eh-ye Āqā Ḩājjī) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 539 in 118 families.
 Ali Zangi (Persian: علي زنگي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Zangī; also known as ‘Alī Rangī) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 29 families.
 Jamalabad (Persian: جمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jamālābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lalan-e Olya (Persian: لالان عليا‎ also Romanized as Lālān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Lān Lān-e Bālā) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Taşçı is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 127 people.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dopiewo and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 979.
 Ramewadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Khar Tidu (Persian: خارتيدو‎ also Romanized as Khār Tīdū; also known as Zangūtī) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Łążyn [ˈwɔ̃ʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Fijewo (the gmina seat) 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Iława and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Kohel Bolagh (Persian: كهل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Kohel Bolāgh; also known as Kohel Bolāghī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 43 families.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yeylaq-e Viznah (Persian: ييلاق ويزنه‎ also Romanized as Yeylāq-e Vīznah; also known as Vīznah) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Wola [ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kikół 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Lipno and 32 km (20 mi) east of Toruń.
 Galović (Serbian Cyrillic: Галовић) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. In 2002 the village had a population of 235 all of whom were Serbian.
 Sonapur is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5551 and had 1051 houses in the town.
 Kiełpiniec [kʲɛu̯ˈpiɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Sterdyń 25 km (16 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 290.
 Bagh-e Pirvani (Persian: باغ پيرواني‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Pīrvānī) is a village in Tasuj Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qalibaf (Persian: قاليباف‎ also Romanized as Qālībāf; also known as Ghalībaf) is a village in Khondab Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 690 in 153 families.
 Qasem Khel or Qasem Kheyl is a village in Logar Province in eastern Afghanistan.It lies about 50 kilometres northeast of Gardez and 80 kilometres southeast of Kabul.Fossiliferous Permian sequences have been described at Qasim Khel Ali Khel and at Jalalabad and Altimur (Altamur) by Kaever (1965 1967) and Weippert et al. (1970).
 Haftjan (Persian: هفت جان‎ also Romanized as Haftjān; also known as Haftenjān Haftījān Haftinjān Kavalah and Qabāleh) is a village in Banesh Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 50 families.
 Khush Tazeh (Persian: خوش تازه‎ also Romanized as Khūsh Tāzeh; also known as Hūsh) is a village in Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Jaungulbene is a village in Gulbene municipality Latvia.
 Qaleh-ye Sangi (Persian: قلعه سنگي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Sangī and Qal’eh Sangī; also known as Sangī) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Niemczyn [ˈɲemt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Damasławek 15 km (9 mi) east of Wągrowiec and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Meserqan (Persian: مصرقان‎ also Romanized as Meşerqān; also known as Masar Ghan and Mīsarqān) is a village in Duzaj Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 143 families.
 Akhanpally is a village and panchayat in Rangareddy district AP India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal.
 Qarah Kahriz (Persian: قره كهريز‎ also Romanized as Qarah Kahrīz and Qareh Kahrīz) is a village in Ashna Khvor Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 966 in 211 families.
 Pelitcik is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 150 people.
 Jahanabad-e Sofla (Persian: جهان ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Soflá; also known as Jahānābād and Jahānābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 37 families.
 Święck Wielki [ˈɕfjɛnt͡sk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 There is also Garden City in Wayne County. Garden is a village in Delta County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 221 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Garden Township.M-183 runs through the village connecting with Fayette eight miles (13 km) southwest and with U.S. Highway 2 at Garden Corners nine miles (14 km) to the north.
 Magnuszewice [maɡnuʂɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kotlin 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Jarocin and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 770.
 Wrony [ˈvrɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Kobiele Wielkie 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jędrychowo [jɛndrɨˈxɔvɔ] (German: Heinrichshöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Vũ Muộn is a commune (xã) and village in Bạch Thông District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Yenimehmetli Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Andoorkonam is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.It is located approximately 20 km from Thiruvananthapuram city. Andoorkonam is noted for its reserves of Kaolinite (china clay). The temple of Sree Ramadasa Ashram is located nearby.
 Nahr-e Mosallam (Persian: نهرمسلم‎) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1521 in 280 families.
 Oraovica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 152 people.
 Kareh Tutubardi (Persian: كره توتوبردي‎ also Romanized as Kareh Tūtūbardī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Klikach is a village in Karnobat Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Panah Kandi (Persian: پناه كندي‎ also Romanized as Panāh Kandī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 69 families.
 Kamiennik Wielki [kaˈmjɛnnik ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Tekanpur Nepal is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1714 and had 354 houses in the village.
 Kushk (Persian: كوشك‎ also Romanized as Kūshk and Kooshk; also known as Keshk Koshk Kūshg and Maḩalleh-ye Kūshk) is a village in Guney-ye Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 625 in 157 families.
 Wołodź [ˈvɔwɔt͡ɕ] (Ukrainian: Володж Volodzh) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Nozdrzec 14 km (9 mi) east of Brzozów and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Chabowo-Świniary [xaˈbɔvɔ ɕfiˈɲarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nagoa is a village in Salcette Goa adjacent to the village of Verna. It is located approximately 11 km north of the South Goa district headquarters Margão 17 km south-east of Vasco da Gama and 22 km south-east of the state capital Panjim.
 Ngọc Lý is a commune (xã) and village in Tân Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Płonica [pwɔˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Człuchów and 118 km (73 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 315.
 Tuh Medad (Persian: توه مدد‎ also Romanized as Tūh Medad) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Lam Cốt is a commune (xã) and village in Tân Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Olszyniec [ɔlˈʂɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żary within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Żary and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 350.
 Dziedno [ˈd͡ʑednɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sośno 15 km (9 mi) east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Ohepalu is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Nahr-e Sheykh (Persian: نهرشيخ‎) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 29 families.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād; also known as Ebnvā) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 103 families.
 Polubicze Wiejskie [pɔluˈbʲit͡ʂɛ ˈvʲɛi̯skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wisznice 28 km (17 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 70 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ostrynka [ɔsˈtrɨŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Janów 15 km (9 mi) west of Sokółka and 35 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 IntroductionPerungattur is a village located in Tiruvannamalai district Tamil Nadu South India.it is sub-urb of cheyyar town. Its 24 KM away from temple Town KanchipuramPopulationThe Population of this village is about 5000 where in it has 2500 Votes as per Election commission of India. 1200 male votes and 1300 female votes.FestivalsThe people of this village celebrate a lot of festivals throughout the year.
 Mrzezino [mʐɛˈʑinɔ] (Kashubian: Mrzeżëno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Puck and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2210.
 Siahtalu (Persian: سياهتلو‎ also Romanized as Sīāhtalū) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1506 in 335 families.
 Wymysłowo [vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Oborniki and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Toll-e Mallu (Persian: تل ملو‎ also Romanized as Toll-e Mallū; also known as Tol-e Mallū-ye Pā’īn and Tūleh-ye Mallū) is a village in Khuzi Rural District Varavi District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 13 families.
 Khorunan (Persian: خرونان‎ also Romanized as Khorūnān) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 9 families.
 Kilen is a village in the municipality of Tvedestrand in Aust-Agder Norway. It is located on the island Sandøya midway between the popular tourist destinations Kilsund and Lyngør. The village is about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) southeast of the town of Tvedestrand.
 Ziyaret is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Belemedik is small village in Adana Province Turkey. But it was one of the important settlements on Toros Mountains during the early years of the 20th century and especially the World War I years.
 Akpap or Akpap-Okoyong is a village in the Okoyong area of Cross River State Nigeria and is part of the Odukpani Local Government Area.Akpap was home to the missionary Mary Slessor for some years. Her house was later converted to a rest home and clinic and is now a tourist attraction.
 Masha-ye Seh Rezaabad (Persian: مشاع 3رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Seh Rez̤āābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 16 families.
 Badas (K.H.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 84 families.
 Ghazan (Persian: غازان‎ also Romanized as Ghāzān) is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 75 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Eskandarabad (Persian: مزرعه اسکندر آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Eskandarābād; also known as Eskandarābād) is a village in Forumad Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Dlouhá Lhota (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tezerjan (Persian: طزرجان‎ also Romanized as Ţezerjān and Tezerjān; also known as Tazarjūn Ţerezjān Ţerzejān and Tizīnjūn) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 506 in 166 families.
 Budziwojowice [bud͡ʑivɔjɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Długołęka and 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Radwanków Królewski [radˈvaŋkuf kruˈlɛfski] is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 60.From 1975 to 1998 this village was in Siedlce Voivodeship.
 Łysek [ˈwɨsɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wierzbinek 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Konin and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mazraeh-ye Taqiabad (Persian: مزرعه تقي آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Taqīābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Peshkeleh (Persian: پشكله‎; also known as Peshgeleh and Poshtgalleh) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 12 families.
 Rudnik Duży [ˈrudnik ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wodynie 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 68 km (42 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Qarah Aghaj (Persian: قره اغاج‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj and Qareh Āghāj) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1554 in 413 families.
 Jarosławiec [jarɔˈswavjɛt͡s] (formerly German Jershöft) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Postomino 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sławno and 180 km (112 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Długie [ˈdwuɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wólka within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Jakubowice Murowane (the gmina seat) and 7 km (4 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kowsar Riz (Persian: كوثرريز‎ also Romanized as Kows̄ar Rīz) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1561 in 350 families.
 Bali Beyglu (Persian: بالي بيگ لو‎ also Romanized as Bālī Beyglū; also known as Bālā Beyglū) is a village in Mulan Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 14 families.
 Char Kolania is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Taherabad (Persian: طاهراباد‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Heeraganj is a Village in Kunda tehsil Pratapgarh district of Indian state Uttar Pradesh.The village is known for pilgrim destination of ancient Nayar Devi Temple.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 54 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Musa Beyg (Persian: قشلاق موسي بيگ‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Mūsá Beyg; also known as Qeshlāq-e Mūsá Beyglū) is a village in Tirchai Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 63 families.
 Łęgonice [wɛnɡɔˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Grójec and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 440.
 Qasr-e Ahmad (Persian: قصراحمد‎ also Romanized as Qaşr-e Aḩmad and Qasr Ahmad; also known as Kasr Aḩmad) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2303 in 527 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Ali Shansuyi (Persian: قشلاق علي شان سوئي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e ʿAlī Shānsūyī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Retiyagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Etalin is a small village in the Dibang Valley district. It is located in the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh It is a rest stop used by those taking the route to Anini or Malinye. Etalin is approximately 52 KM from Anini and approximately 42 KM from Malinye. The nearest hospital is the Anini General Hospital.There is one middle school in etalin and for further study they have to move to Anini High secondary School or Roing High Secondary School the nearest airport is in Assam (Mohanbari)
 Srinivasanallur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sitarice is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 178 people.
 Sunadholi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ali Ahmadan (Persian: عالي احمدان‎ also Romanized as ‘Ālī Aḩmadān; also known as ‘Ali Ahmadun and ‘Alī Mardān) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District Jenah District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 584 in 116 families.
 Madrakah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Guty [ˈɡutɨ] (German: Gutten historical variants Guttek Gutteck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wieliczki 16 km (10 mi) south of Olecko and 137 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Deferiet is a village in Jefferson County New York United States. The population was 294 at the 2010 census. The village is named after settler Jenika de Ferriet.The Village of Deferiet is at the southwestern side of the Town of Wilna and is east of Watertown.The village is south of Fort Drum.
 Darreh-ye Malekhi (Persian: دره ملخي‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Malekhī) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Langariha (Persian: تلمبه لنگريها‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Langarīhā) is a village in Rayen Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zamczyska [zamˈt͡ʂɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Warlubie 26 km (16 mi) north of Świecie 68 km (42 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 69 km (43 mi) north of Toruń.
 Darasepid (Persian: دراسپيد‎ also Romanized as Darāsepīd; also known as Bābsefīd) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pothugal is a village in Mustabad mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.It is also called as Pothugal Pothgal and Pothganti. The word Pothu means valour. The origin of the name can be traced to Velama Nayakas who fought against Alauddin Khilji and cut short his expedition. More information can be found by searching for Pothuganti at Velama.Much of the village's economy is based in farming.
 Popielów [pɔˈpjɛluf] (German Alt Poppelau) is a village in Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Popielów. It lies approximately 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 2400.
 Tarnawa Górna [tarˈnava ˈɡurna] (Ukrainian: Тернава Горішня Ternava Horishnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Zagórz 10 km (6 mi) south of Sanok and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Zakrzewo Słomy [zaˈkʂɛvɔ ˈswɔmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Nur 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 99 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Szlasy-Leszcze [ˈʂlasɨ ˈlɛʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Przasnysz and 82 km (51 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kiernozia [kʲɛrˈnɔʑa] is a village in Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kiernozia. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Łowicz and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 930 and is mostly known for being the birthplace (and burial place) of Marie Walewska (née Łączyńska) one of the mistresses of Napoleon Bonaparte.
 Novakovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Ab Mik (Persian: اب ميك‎ also Romanized as Āb Mīk) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 24 families.
 Tazeh Kand-e Tahmasb (Persian: تازه كندطهماسب‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Ţahmāsb) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 49 families.
 Ilıcaköy Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Pikus [ˈpikus] (German: Picus (1927-45: Pikus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Iława and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 100.
 Abadabad (Persian: عباداباد‎ also Romanized as ʿAbādābād) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 27 families.
 Výžerky is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rucowe Lasy [ruˈt͡sɔvɛ ˈlasɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Lipnica 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Bytów and 95 km (59 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 108.
 Azarori is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Goworówek [ɡɔvɔˈruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Goworowo 17 km (11 mi) south of Ostrołęka and 88 km (55 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Uch Tappeh-ye Qaleh (Persian: اوچ تپه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Ūch Tappeh-ye Qal‘eh) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1298 in 345 families.
 Željeznička Stanica Kakanj (Cyrillic: Жељезничка Станица Какањ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 West-Terschelling (West Frisian: West-Skylge) is a village on Terschelling in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has about 2580 citizens.The town was burned by the English Navy in 1666 during the Second Anglo-Dutch War in an event referred to as Holmes's Bonfire.A pub was named after the Oka 18 a ship that sank near Formerum.
 Napiwoda [napiˈvɔda] (German: Grünfließ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Nidzica and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 792.
 Prusinowiczki [pruɕinɔˈvit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Lutomiersk 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 50.
 Wilczkowice nad Szosą [vilt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˌnat ˈʂɔsɔ̃] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Łęczyca and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 130.
 Skrzynki [ˈskʂɨnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Prosną 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 133 km (83 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Arnaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3768 people living in 627 individual households.
 Qorban Kandi (Persian: قربان كندي‎ also Romanized as Qorbān Kandī) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Koplitaguse is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Wola Kanigowska [ˈvɔla kaniˈɡɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) south of Mława and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Czaczyk [ˈt͡ʂat͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Śmigiel 8 km (5 mi) west of Kościan and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cegielnia [t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.In the years 1975-1998 the village was a province of Radom .
 Dziedzinek [d͡ʑɛˈd͡ʑinɛk] (German: Diedeneck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Koronowo and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Ujazdów [uˈjazduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Astrup is a village in Mariagerfjord Municipality Denmark.
 Szopa [ˈʂɔpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sierakowice 16 km (10 mi) west of Kartuzy and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk. There is a small school in Szopa. Students learn three languages - English German and Kashubian.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 193.
 Dizaj-e Olya (Persian: ديزج عليا‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e ‘Olyā Dīzaj-e Olyā and Dīzaj ‘Olya; also known as Dīzaj Dīzaj-e Bālā Dīzeh and Dizj Olya) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1752 in 535 families.
 Bizhovtsi Gabrovo Province is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Qatar Gaz (Persian: قطارگز‎ also Romanized as Qaţār Gaz) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 101 families.
 Kalayeh (Persian: كلايه‎ also Romanized as Kalāyeh) is a village in Ziaran Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Kozhinjampara is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the area administered by the Kozhinjampara gram panchayat.
 Başpınar is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kilflynn (Irish: Cill Flainn) officially Kilflyn and historically Kilflin is a village in County Kerry Ireland. The village is just off the N69 road from Listowel to Tralee.In 1045 there was built a castle by the Lord Ger from the great vantage point where you could see to the sea. From there the kingdom of Kilflynn prospered. 3 metre high castle walls were constructed in 1123. The population at this time was approximately 13800 the largest in Ireland at this time.
 Pidikkaparambu is a very small area that comes under the Vallachira Panchayat and is famous for the Pidikkaparambu Lord Shiva Temple located here.The Pidikkaparambu Pooram is held here and is accompanied with Anayottam - Tusker Race/Jumbo Rally that takes place in the Paddy Fields located nearby. This festival takes place in the month of March or April every year.
 Begovo Selo (Serbian: Бегово Село) is a village in the municipality of Kupres Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dharmasthali is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4079 and had 714 households in it.Dharmasthali is popular for its Mahankal temple on the top of a hillock and is only four kilometers from Balaju Ring Road.Dharmasthali Village Development Committee Consists of 9 wards.Ward No.
 Wiśniewo [viɕˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Grudusk 23 km (14 mi) north of Ciechanów and 97 km (60 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kord Qeshlaq (Persian: كردقشلاق‎ also Romanized as Kord Qeshlāq; also known as Gord Qeshlāq Kord Qeshlāqī and Kurd-Kishlak) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 9 families.
 Parkoszowice [parkɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Miechów and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 210.
 Tyń [tɨɲ] (German: Thyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Postomino 11 km (7 mi) north of Sławno and 183 km (114 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Teodorów [tɛɔˈdɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Będków 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 26 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Taganduba is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2627 people living in 1513 individual households.
 Now Guran (Persian: نوگوران‎ also Romanized as Now Gūrān) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District in the Central District of Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3196 in 837 families.
 Kwiatoń [ˈkfʲatɔɲ] (Ukrainian: Квятонь Kviaton’) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Uście Gorlickie 15 km (9 mi) south of Gorlice and 108 km (67 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 200.
 Regeti (Persian: رگتي‎ also Romanized as Regetī; also known as Regetī-ye Pā‘īn and Rīgītī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 57 families.
 Połęcko [pɔˈwɛnt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Maszewo 15 km (9 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 44 km (27 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Knurowiec [knuˈrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brańszczyk 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Wyszków and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Halovo is a village in the municipality of Zaječar Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 856 people.
 Chaharsi (Persian: چهارسي‎ also Romanized as Chahārsī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Saharanwas is a village in Rewari district Haryana India. It is situated 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the city of Rewari on the Narnaul-Mahendragarh road.A report published in 2003 described the village as large with around 600 households and 2000 voters present.
 Servaääre is a village in Kohtla Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Atimoz (Persian: اتيمز‎ also Romanized as Atīmoz Atīmaz and Atyemaz; also known as Tīmaz) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1165 in 264 families. Atimoz is a large village located on the Road 87 south of Esfarayen city. Dowlatabad lies to the southeast.
 Souleye is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 388 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 9885.
 Barmsar (Persian: برمصار‎ also Romanized as Barmṣār) is a village in Kabgan Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kouniana is a village and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 79 square kilometers and includes 2 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 3294. The village of Kouniana the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune is 45 km northeast of Koutiala.
 Sırasöğütler is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Syanri is a village in Patti Bhardar Rudraprayag District of Uttarakhand India.
 Słoja [ˈswɔja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Szudziałowo 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Sokółka and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Pisisaare is a village in Pajusi Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Mal-e Gavdan (Persian: مل گاودان‎ also Romanized as Mal-e Gāvdān Malegāydān and Mal Gāv Dān) is a village in Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 33 families.
 Kłopotowo [kwɔpɔˈtɔvɔ] (German: Klaptow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dygowo 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Kołobrzeg and 110 km (68 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Ovčinja is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 582 people.
 Alvian (Persian: علويان‎ also Romanized as Ālvīan) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 20 families.
 Kalateh-ye Bala (Persian: كلاته بالا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bālā Kalāteh Bala and Kalāteh-i-Bāla) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 921 in 269 families.
 Ban Zelan-e Bala (Persian: بان زلان بالا‎ also Romanized as Bān Zelān-e Bālā; also known as Bān Zelān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 42 families.
 Pi Chelow (Persian: پي چلو‎ also Romanized as Pī Chelow) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 37 families.
 Malıhıdırlı is a village in the District of İmamoğlu Adana Province Turkey.
 Sefidan-e Atiq (Persian: سفيدان عتيق‎ also Romanized as Sefīdān-e ‘Atīq and Safīdān-Atiq; also known as Dāsh Esparān Dash Esperan Dash-Isperan Dāsh Ispirān and Sefidané Atigh) is a village in Esperan Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 51 families.
 Sirpur is a village in Saraipali tehsil Mahasamund district Chhattisgarh India.
 Brajići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 67 people.
 Majidabad (Persian: مجيداباد‎ also Romanized as Majīdābād) is a village in Gavdul-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 543 in 136 families.
 Piskorowice [pʲiskɔrɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Пискоровичі Pyskorovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Naziabad (Persian: نازي اباد‎ also Romanized as Nāzīābād) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Kottathara is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of the Sholayar gram panchayat.
 Bučinovići (Serbian: Бучиновићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lachapet is a village governed by a Gram panchayat located in the Dubbak mandal Medak district Andhra Pradesh. As of the 2001 census the population was around 5000.[citation needed]It is located about 100 kilometers from Hyderabad and 25 kilometers from Siddipet. It is well connected by road.
 Gazet is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Hamre is a village in the municipality of Osterøy in Hordaland county Norway. The village of Hamre is located near the extreme western point on the island of Osterøy across the Osterfjorden from the village of Knarvik. Hamre sits about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of the village of Valestrandfossen. Hamre village was the administrative centre of the former municipality of Hamre which existed from 1838 until 1964.
 Kowalowo [kɔvaˈlɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Khairlanji is a Village in Mohadi Tahsil of Bhandara district of Maharashtra India. The village comes in limelight due to Kherlanji massacre of 2006 lynching-style murders of a Dalit family by members of the Kunbi a backward caste in India.[citation needed]
 Nečujam is a bay and village on the island of Šolta in Croatia in the Split-Dalmatia County. It is connected by the D111 highway. Nečujam has 208 inhabitants.
 Jeziorki [jɛˈʑɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Sulęcin and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Darreh-ye Baz (Persian: دره باز‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Bāz Darreh Bāz and Darreh-i-Bāz) is a village in Karghond Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 68 families.
 Tal (Persian: تل‎) is a village in Jask Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 8 families.
 Beniaminów [bɛɲaˈminuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Zduńska Wola and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 121.
 Başören is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Posht Mekh (Persian: پشت مخ‎ also Romanized as Posht Makh; also known as Pushtamah and Pushtamikh) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District Mirza Kuchek Janghli District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 703 in 199 families.
 Hatar (Persian: حطر‎ also Romanized as Ḩaţar) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 16 families.
 Kopanina [kɔpaˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Burzenin 15 km (9 mi) south of Sieradz and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Drogoszów [drɔˈɡɔʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łambinowice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Darb Has (Persian: دربحص‎ also Romanized as Darb Ḩaş; also known as Darb-e ’aş and Dar-e Ras) is a village in Kezab Rural District Khezrabad District Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 20 families.
 Mičivode (Serbian: Мичиводе) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Paiyunthantap is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4027 and had 711 houses in the town.
 Kazatkom (Kazakh: Қазатком) is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan. Numerous clashes between Kazakhs and ethnic Chechens have broken out in the village notably in March-April 2007.
 Endicott is a village in Broome County New York United States. The population was 13392 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village is named after Henry B. Endicott a founding member of the Endicott Johnson Corporation shoe manufacturing company who founded the community as the Home of the Square Deal. The village of Endicott is in the town of Union and is west of the city of Binghamton.
 Kożuchów [kɔˈʐuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Strzyżów and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gondek-e Isa (Persian: گندك عيسي‎ also Romanized as Gondek-e ‘Īsá; also known as Kondak Kondek-e ‘Īsá and Kundak) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 27 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Hameh Kasi (Persian: قشلاق همه كسي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Hameh Kasī; also known as Gheshlaghé Hamehkasi and Qeshlāq) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 441 in 106 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام آباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 744 in 192 families.
 Siah Estalakh (Persian: سياه اسطلخ‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Esţalakh Sīāh Esţalkh and Sīyāh Estalkh; also known as Siāh Sal Siasal’ and Siyah Estelakh Hoomeh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4415 in 1194 families.
 Rudenka [ruˈdɛŋka] (Ukrainian: Руденка Rudenka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lesko and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kadungalloor is a census town situated 1 km from NH 47Aluva (alongside Thottakattukara - Parur route in Paravur Taluk Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala. The industrial estate of Muppathadam and Edayar is situated in this panchayat. Pottuvellari is widely cultivated in this panchayat. Panchayat consists of notable peoples in cultural and local arts.
 Mohammad Alikhani (Persian: محمدعلي خاني‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad ‘Alīkhānī; also known as Chaleh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī Khānī and Moḩammad ‘Alīkhān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 65 families.
 Sarivah (Persian: سريوه‎ also Romanized as Sarīvah) is a village in Kermajan Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dimra (Arabic: دمره‎) was a small Palestinian Arab village located 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) northeast of Gaza City. Ancient remains at the site attest to longtime settlement there. During the era of Mamluk rule in Palestine the town was the home of the Bani Jabir tribe. Depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war the Israeli kibbutz of Erez was founded in 1949 on part of the former village's lands.
 Sarab-e Taveh (Persian: سرابتاوه‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Ţāveh; also known as Sarāb-e Tāveh-ye ‘Olyā and Sarāb Tāveh-ye Bālā) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5590 in 1167 families.
 Kostulin [kɔsˈtulin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Lubień Kujawski 35 km (22 mi) south of Włocławek and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 120.
 Mallian Kalan (Punjabi: ਮਲੀਆ ਕਲਾ Hindi: मलीयॅा कलां ) is a village tehsil Nakodar Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab.The village is almost 431 km from Delhi 33 km from Jalandhar 9 km from Nakodar and about 103 km from Amritsar. Surrounding villages include Talwandi Salem Jahangir Kang Sahib Rai Mallian Khurd Heran Husainpur Gill Nur Pur Chatha Ugghi and Khanpur Dhadda.
 Kaneh Har (Persian: كنه هر‎; also known as Kanahar and Kandahar) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 59 families.
 Jegliniec [jɛˈɡliɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.Remnants of a Yotvingian fortified settlement are located in this village.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Barfok is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260885.
 Wola Węgierska [ˈvɔla vɛŋˈɡʲɛrska] (Ukrainian: Воля Угорська Volia Uhors’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Jarosław and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Qasemabad-e Veynesar (Persian: قاسم آباد وينسار‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Veynesār and Qāsemābād-e Veynes̄ār; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 8 families.
 Miłoszewo [miwɔˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Linia 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 500.
 Trzebiechów [tʂɛˈbjɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Zbytki [ˈzbɨtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rąbino 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Świdwin and 103 km (64 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gassagadi is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Nezamabad (Persian: نظام اباد‎ also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Nez̧āmābād) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Białków [ˈbjau̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Thurumbur is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Paltan (Persian: پلطان‎ also Romanized as Palţān and Paltān; also known as Balţān) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 89 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Sofla (Persian: حسين ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Soflá; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Melrose is a village in Jackson County Wisconsin United States. The population was 503 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Melrose.
 Aulakowszczyzna [aulakɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Korycin 24 km (15 mi) west of Sokółka and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Majhkot is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5309 living in 1064 individual households.
 Bożniewice [bɔʐɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] (German Hufenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Bobolice 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 138 km (86 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 190.
 Uzan-e Sofla (Persian: اوزان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ūzān-e Soflá; also known as Owzān-e Pā‘īn) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 29 families.
 Bukówno [buˈkuvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Białobrzegi and 75 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 360.
 Aryad South (Village) is a village in Alappuzha district in the state of Kerala India.
 Holtwood Pennsylvania is a village in Martic Township Lancaster County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.Holtwood is the site of the Muddy Run Pumped Storage Hydroelectric Power Plant (172 Bethesda Church Road West Holtwood PA 17532) along the Susquehanna River. It pumps water into a reservoir during off-peak hours and uses that water to generate electricity during peak demand hours; it produces over 1000 megawatts (MW) of power.
 Silab Kesh (Persian: سيلاب كش‎ also Romanized as Sīlāb Kesh) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 11 families.
 Krajanka [kraˈjanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Czastary 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Wieruszów and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shoeybabad-e Kohneh (Persian: شعيب ابادكهنه‎ also Romanized as Sho‘eybābād-e Kohneh) is a village in Tarand Rural District Jalilabad District Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wałdowo Królewskie [vau̯ˈdɔvɔ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Chełmińska 19 km (12 mi) east of Bydgoszcz and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Toruń.
 Sheykh Zaharav (Persian: شيخ زهراو‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Zaharāv) is a village in Karkheh Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. During the 2006 census its population was 1960 in 302 families.
 Wierciny [vjɛrˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Cuchilla Alta (the Spanish term for High Hill) is a seaside resort of the Costa de Oro in Canelones Department of Uruguay Montevideo.
 Aşağıkurtoğlu is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Hosekera is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gangawati taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Seuchatar is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4449 and had 779 households in it.
 Gouforou is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located south of Parakou city centre.
 Rudki-Huby [ˈrutki ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostroróg within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 29 families.
 Donji Pustakovec (Hungarian: Alsópusztafa) is a village in Međimurje County Croatia.The village is part of the municipality of Donji Kraljevec and had a population of 341 in the 2001 census. It is connected with the village of Sveti Juraj u Trnju. The D3 state road passes through both villages which are located around 15 kilometres south-east of Čakovec the county seat and largest city of Međimurje County.
 Rudziczka [ruˈd͡ʑit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prudnik within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Prudnik and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 950.
 Gommboko is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located south of Parakou city centre.
 Gya is a village overlooking a river of the same name in the Ladakh region of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir between the Indus river valley and Tanglang La Pass on the Leh-Manali Highway. Accessible from Upshi in the Indus River Valley the village is located in the gorge created by the River Gya. A Buddhist Gompa with accompanying chortens or stupas is situated above the village and the gorge.
 Tomaszewo [tɔmaˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Gezerdar (Persian: گذردر‎ also Romanized as Gozar Dar) is a village in Sang Sefid Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 73 families.
 Słodków Trzeci [ˈswɔtkuf ˈtʂɛt͡ɕi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kraśnik and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin. In Słodków there is source of Wyżnica the right inflow of Wistula.In 2006 the village had a population of 700.
 Dromahane (Irish: Drom Atháin) is a village located 5 km (3.1 mi) south west of the town of Mallow County Cork Ireland on the R619 regional road.Centred on a main crossroads the village overlooks the Blackwater Valley. The village is part of the parish of Kilshannig.Thomas Russell is referred to as “The man from God knows where” and as it happens he was born in the village on 21 November 1767.
 Shimiliguda is a village near Araku valley in Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh India.There is a railway station in this village in Kothavalasa-Kirandul line under Waltair division of East Coast Railway Indian Railways. It is the highest Broad Gauge railway station in India and located at an altitude of 996 meters above mean sea level. A noticeboard showing these details is situated on the platform.
 Padeh-ye Musa Khan (Persian: پده موسي خان‎ also Romanized as Padeh-ye Mūsá Khān; also known as Kārīzcheh and Padeh-ye Ḩoseyn Kūr) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 76 families.
 Phú Xuân is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Phú Tân District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Rybna [ˈrɨbna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Popielów and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Laiusevälja is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County Estonia. It's located about 10 km northeast of the town of Jõgeva just beside Laiuse small borough on the Jõgeva–Mustvee road (nr. 36). Laiusevälja has a population of 119 (as of 1 January 2011).Laiusevälja is the site of Laiuse Castle ruins a former Livonian Order castle built in the end of 14th century.
 Ghiasabad (Persian: غياث اباد‎ also Romanized as Ghīās̄ābād) is a village in Sarab Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 39 families.
 Jeżewo [jɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Płońsk and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Khvoshab (Persian: خوشاب‎ also Romanized as Khvoshāb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aryapuram is a village situated in East Godavari district in Rajahmundry town in Andhra Pradesh StateIndia.
 Twardowo [tfarˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szamotuły and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tighab (Persian: تيغاب‎ also Romanized as Tīghāb; also known as Tegha and Tūghāb) is a village in Paskuh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1614 in 412 families.
 Alstadhaug is a village in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located northeast of Skogn south of Neset and west of Momarka. It is the location of Alstadhaug Church.
 Pangidipalle is a village panchayat in Chityal mandal in Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Bakrang is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3571 and had 671 houses in the town.It has 9 wards. 1. Khahare Gaun 2. Bhogateni 3. Galdhuk 4. Gaihri Gaun 5. Dadagaun 6. Purano Gaun 7. Sanodipling 8. ThuloDipling 9. Pokhari
 Čestice (Rychnov nad Kněžnou District) is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mazewo Dworskie B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kaława [kaˈwava] (formerly German Kalau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Międzyrzecz 45 km (28 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 48 km (30 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Kaheh (Persian: كاهه‎ also Romanized as Kāheh and Kāhah) is a village in Kavir Rural District Sheshtaraz District Khalilabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1005 in 237 families.
 Ayvalık is a village in the District of Yumurtalık Adana Province Turkey.
 Těchařovice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Hakui is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3726 people living in 573 individual households.
 Stare Dobki [ˈstarɛ ˈdɔpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Czerwin 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 70.
 Yakacık is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Rangapur is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3678 people living in 715 individual households.
 Holovousy (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dingucha village is located 12 km from Kalol District - Gandhinagar State-Gujarat India.
 Bugaj [ˈbuɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bliżyn 9 km (6 mi) west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Rynek [ˈrɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wąsewo 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 87 km (54 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Sar Tang-e Gahrab (Persian: سرتنگ گهراب‎ also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Gahrāb; also known as Jehrāb-e Sar Lang and Tang Gahrāb) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karwowo [karˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājiābād; also known as Haji Abad Japlogh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 102 families.
 Huerta Real is a village located in the Benamaurel municipality province of Granada Spain. According to the 2011 census (INE) the city has a population of 120 inhabitants.It is located by the Guardal River where Baza and Cúllar rivers join it. Most inhabitants live in cave houses.
 Paciorkowa Wola Nowa [pat͡ɕɔrˈkɔva ˈvɔla ˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Okup Mały [ˈɔkup ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Łask and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mtsamdou is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 881.
 Sararud-e Sofla (Persian: سرارودسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sarārūd-e Soflá; also known as Sarārū Sarārūd Sarārūd-e Pā‘īn and Sararūd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 505 in 129 families.
 Bjerka is a village in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county Norway. It is located along the European route E06 and the Nordlandsbanen railway line about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Hemnesberget and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of the municipal center of Korgen. The 0.92-square-kilometre (230-acre) village has a population (2011) of 465. The population density is 505 inhabitants per square kilometre (1310 /sq mi).
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād; also known as Amīrīyeh) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 24 families.
 Syama is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4781 people living in 941 individual households.
 Shurjeh-ye Qasem (Persian: شورجه قاسم‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh-ye Qāsem) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dar Abzar (Persian: درابزار‎ also Romanized as Dar Ābzār; also known as Darreh Afrāz) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Rupaha is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province. It is located in Walapane divisional Secretariat
 Mamalan (Persian: مامالان‎ also Romanized as Māmālān; also known as Māhmalānlū Makhmalanlu Narcham Parcham and Purcham) is a village in Gilvan Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 429 in 116 families.
 Grabowa [ɡraˈbɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pątnów within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pątnów 18 km (11 mi) south of Wieluń and 98 km (61 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Głębocko [ɡwɛmˈbɔt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Grodków 20 km (12 mi) south of Brzeg and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Barjvan (Persian: برجوان‎ also Romanized as Barjvān; also known as Bajvān) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 12 families.
 Satılar is a village in the District of Koçarlı Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 518 people.
 Gruda [ˈɡruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Bartoszyce and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 60.
 Razg (Persian: رزگ‎; also known as Razak Razk Razq Razzāq and Razzīq) is a village in Bayg Rural District Bayg District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 117 families.
 Chol Gapun (Persian: چل گاپون‎ also Romanized as Chol Gāpūn) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kereft (Persian: كرفت‎) is a village in Sefidar Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1285 in 322 families.
 Dafar (Persian: دفر‎) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 39 families.
 Green Springs is a village in Sandusky and Seneca counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 1368 at the 2010 census.Its claim to fame is Mineral Springs the largest natural sulfur spring in the world. Elmwood at the Springs Healthcare Center formerly St. Francis Health Care Centre is located there.
 Podkrepa (village) is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Eustis is a village in Frontier County Nebraska United States. The population was 401 at the 2010 census.
 Kılıçyaka is a village in the District of Çay Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Gornja Trnica is a village in the municipality of Trgovište in southeastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 86 people.
 Kocbeře is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Hobšovice is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Pajewo [paˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Tykocin and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Vĩnh Thành is a commune (xã) and village in Hồng Dân District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Chah-e Amiq Shomareh-ye Do Zurzamand (Persian: چاه عميق شماره دو زورزمند‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Shomāreh-ye Do Zūrzamand) is a village in Joghatai Rural District in the Central District of Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 19 families.
 Pilchy [ˈpilxɨ] (German: Pilchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Pisz and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mahbar (Persian: مهبار‎ also Romanized as Mahbār) is a village in Sangestan Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 68 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Aliabad (Persian: مزرعه علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Gavaher (Persian: گواهر‎ also Romanized as Gavāher; also known as Gavāhīr) is a village in Yengejeh Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 31 families.
 Golund-e Olya (Persian: گلوندعليا‎ also Romanized as Golūnd-e ‘Olyā; also known as Golūnd Kolūnd Gulūnd and Golownd) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 11 families.
 Kanie-Stacja [ˈkaɲe ˈstat͡sja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Rejowiec Fabryczny 27 km (17 mi) west of Chełm and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Santiago de Liniers (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Mowtowr-e Abdol Ghafur Naruyi (Persian: موتورعبدالغفورنارويي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAbdol Ghafūr Nārūyī) is a village in Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Kahriz Sofla (Persian: مزرعه كهريزسفلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Kahrīz Soflá) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ali Gorzan-e Sofla (Persian: علي گرزان سفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Gorzān-e Soflá; also known as ‘Alī Gordān-e Pā’īn ‘Ali Khurdān ‘Ali Khurdān Pāīn ‘Alī Kordān ‘Alī Korzān-e Pā’īn ‘Alī Korzān-e Soflá and Asadābād) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 476 in 109 families.
 Zardeh Savar (Persian: زرده سوار‎ also Romanized as Zardeh Savār) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 75 families.
 Dehnow-e Amlak (Persian: دهنواملاك‎ also Romanized as Dehnow-e Āmlāk; also known as Dehnu-e Āmlāk) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 674 in 132 families.
 Vashian-e Nasir Tappeh (Persian: واشيان نصيرتپه‎ also Romanized as Vāshīān-e Naşīr Tappeh; also known as Tappeh Vāshīān Vāsheyān Vāshyān and Wāshiyan) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 83 families.
 Darhamzeh (Persian: درحمزه‎ also Romanized as Darḩamzeh) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Štitkovo is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 130 people.The village is home to a monument to Vuk Kalajitović commander of the Mileševa Chetnik Corps during World War II.
 Mahadevsthan is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5772 people living in 913 individual households.
 Išorai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 437 people.
 Medoševac is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 Dölekli is a village in the District of Aladağ Adana Province Turkey.
 Pietrzyków [pjɛˈtʂɨkuf] (formerly German Pitschkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipinki Łużyckie within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Żary and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 276.
 Holinagalapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Dinar Sara (Persian: دينارسرا‎ also Romanized as Dīnār Sarā) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 718 in 180 families.
 Poshtaveh-ye Sofla (Persian: پشت طاوه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Poshtāveh-ye Soflá; also known as Poshtāveh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Baba [ˈbaba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Skrwilno 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Rypin and 65 km (40 mi) east of Toruń.
 Sadków [ˈsatkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kąty Wrocławskie and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kletnia [ˈklɛtɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Jędrychówko [jɛndrɨˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Morąg 23 km (14 mi) north of Ostróda and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Lotyń [ˈlɔtɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Chojnice and 95 km (59 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 139.
 Valistre is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Żabin Łukowski [ˈʐabin wuˈkɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Üreğil is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Vadakkukottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Wola Korybutowa Pierwsza [ˈvɔla kɔrɨbuˈtɔva ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Skrajnia Blizanowska [ˈskrai̯ɲa blizaˈnɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Hirehonnihalli is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Salu (Persian: صلو‎ also Romanized as Şalū) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Doliwy [dɔˈlivɨ] (German: Doliwen from 1938-45 Teichwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Rogownica [rɔɡɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Krajenka 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Złotów and 92 km (57 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 87.
 Wola Duża [ˈvɔla ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Biłgoraj and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 106.
 Volkovo is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
 Ivanovo Polje is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway.
 Bagra is a village in the Jalore district in the Marwar (in Hindi मारवाड़) region in Rajasthan state in India. Bagra lies 18 km south of the town of Jalore on Jalore-Sirohi road.
 Chiabaleh (Persian: چيابله‎ also Romanized as Chīābaleh; also known as Cheghābaleh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 18 families.
 Kalana (Swedish: Dagerort) is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia. It's located in the end of Kõpu Peninsula part of Hiiumaa island. Kalana has a population of 29 (as of 1 February 2011).
 Hoseynabad-e Katak (Persian: حسين ابادكتك‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Katak; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 35 families.
 Ulja is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Bandhuwan is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4112.
 Mostkowo [mɔstˈkɔvɔ] (German: Brückendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łukta 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 570.
 Pawłowice Gorzowskie [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ ɡɔˈʐɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Gorzów Śląski 15 km (9 mi) north of Olesno and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 480.
 Majdan Wielki [ˈmai̯dan ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Trzeszczany 16 km (10 mi) west of Hrubieszów and 90 km (56 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zar Qalat (Persian: زرقلات‎ also Romanized as Zar Qalāt) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 90 families.
 Esbu Kola (Persian: اسبوكلا‎ also Romanized as Esbū Kolā Asbū Kalā and Asbū Kolā) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1790 in 496 families.
 Bakhtegan (Persian: بختگان‎ also Romanized as Bakhtegān; also known as Bakhtegān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Mongasht Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1107 in 185 families.
 Szadkówek [ʂatˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Leszno 19 km (12 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 32 km (20 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Kabilas is a Village Development Committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4138 people residing in 782 individual households.
 Wola Bukowska [ˈvɔla buˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Bảo Đài is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Nam District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Zaker (Persian: ذاكر‎ also Romanized as Z̄āker; also known as Zakir) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 556 in 122 families.
 Słowiki [swɔˈviki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Kalisz and 118 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 120.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Qepchaq (Persian: قپچاق‎ also Romanized as Qepchāq and Qopchāq; also known as Kipchak Qebchāq Qebjāq  Qeychāq and Qobjāq) is a village in Jazireh Rural District Ilkhchi District Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 169 families.
 Zizar (Persian: زيزار‎ also Romanized as Zīzār Zī Zār Zaizar Zāy Zār and Zāyzār) is a village in Khvormuj Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 27 families.
 Moroczyn [mɔˈrɔt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Hrubieszów and 106 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 346.
 Nannamukku is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Gorzków Nowy [ˈɡɔʂkuf ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegowa within Myszków County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Niegowa 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Myszków and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 320.
 Sari Nasirlu (Persian: ساري نصيرلو‎ also Romanized as Sārī Naşīrlū; also known as Āngūrtlār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 40 families.
 Mień [mjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Brańsk 34 km (21 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 610.
 Gopavaram is a village and a mandal in West Godavari District in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Grabowo [ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Grabowo. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Kolno and 78 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 800.
 Lakkavalli is a small town / Hobli in Tarikere Taluk of Chikkamagaluru district Karnataka state southern India. Lakkavalli is the site of a dam across the Bhadra River; the dam is used for irrigation and power production and agriculture. The bio diversity of the place is well known since the British. Even the hunter Kenneth Andersonin one of his bookclaimed to have killed a Man eater here. The Kuvempu University which is one of the premier learning centre is just 7 km from here.
 Donja Jurkovica (Serbian: Доња Јурковица) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Katarzyniec [kataˈʐɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Więcbork 19 km (12 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 20.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 41 km (25 mi) north of Toruń.
 Sanne is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3688 people living in 657 individual households.
 Białowieża [bjawɔˈvjɛʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Sędziszów 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 152 including Uncle Zdzislaw and Tygrysek the Dog.
 Gorji Bayan (Persian: گرجي بيان‎ also Romanized as Gorjī Bayān; also known as Ghūrjī Ghūrjī Bayan and Gorjī) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 102 families.
 Käru is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.Politician and entrepreneur Juhan Kukk (1885–1942) and former Archbishop Kuno Pajula (1924–2012) were born in Käru.
 Studzieniec [stuˈd͡ʑeɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kożuchów 10 km (6 mi) west of Nowa Sól and 16 km (10 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 741.
 Siluwa is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4616 people living in 827 individual households.
 Quinto is a village and municipality in the province of Zaragoza Aragon. It is located on the south bank of the River Ebro about 45 km south-east of Zaragoza. In 2009 its population was 2108. Quinto is the capital of the Ribera Baja del Ebro comarca.During the Battle of Belchite in 1937 during the Spanish Civil War Spanish Republican forces including the British Battalion of XV International Brigade captured the village from the Nationalists.
 Ali Koti (Persian: علي كتي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Kotī; also known as Alkotī) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 27 families.
 Majdar (Persian: مجدر‎ also Romanized as Mejdar; also known as Marjānābād Mezhdar Mīzehdar Mizhdar and Mojaddad) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 60 families.
 Troncones is a relatively undeveloped uncrowded beach village located about 20 miles (32 km) north west of Zihuatanejo on the coast of the state of Guerrero. It is located in the municipality of La Unión de Isidoro Montes de Oca and has a population of about 593 people (2005 census). Hammocks and palm trees are in most yards chickens roam the streets and loud nightlife is limited to very few weekly events making for quiet nights.
 Váljohka is a village in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located at the confluence of the rivers Váljohka and Tana. The village lies right along the Norway-Finland border in the eastern part of the municipality. The European route E06 highway runs through the village. Valjok Church is located in a forested area near the center of the village.
 Zielęcin [ʑɛˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Warta 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 130.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Witkowo 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Gniezno and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mepparamba is a locality on the western side of the Palakkad town of Kerala. It is a place where the Hindus Muslims and Christians live in harmony for decades. It is a unique place because unlike the other places of Palakkad district where one religious community is prominent the members of all the religions are equally distributed.
 Annobór [anˈnɔbur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lubartów and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Litoboř is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Broeksterwâld (Dutch: Broeksterwoude) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland in the Netherlands. In 2004 it had around 1267 citizens.
 Khvoyaman-e Jadid (Persian: خويمن جديد‎ also Romanized as Khvoyaman-e Jadīd and Khowyaman-e Jadīd) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 26 families.
 Kargalin (Persian: كرگلين‎ also Romanized as Kargalīn) is a village in Saidabad Rural District in the Central District of Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 640 in 169 families.
 Chenar-e Vosta (Persian: چناروسطي‎ also Romanized as Chenār Vosţá) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 21 families.
 Gniewoszów [ɡɲeˈvɔʂuf] is a village in Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gniewoszów. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-east of Kozienice and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Cheshmeh Bid (Persian: چشمه بيد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bīd; also known as Cheshmeh Bīd Rīmaleh) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 28 families.
 Rodnikovka is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Vezmeleh (Persian: وزمله‎ also Romanized as Vezmaleh; also known as Vazmaleh Pahlavi Dezh Vīzmālā and Vīzmeleh) is a village in Buin Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 34 families.
 Al-Fatur was a Palestinian Arab village in the District of Baysan. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 12 1948. It was located 11.5 km south of Baysan.The village was attacked by the Israel Defense Forces as part of Operation Gideon. A massacre was perpetrated by Jewish troops against the town's inhabitants.The population of the village in 1931 was 66 expanding to 128 in 1948.
 Trzechowo [tʂɛˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kaliska 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Cansisse is a village in the Gabú Region of central-eastern Guinea-Bissau. It lies to the south of Canjia.
 Teodozjów [tɛɔˈdɔzjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Biała Rawska 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 180.
 Abrit is a village in Krushari Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.Abrit Nunatak on Trinity Peninsula in Antarctica is named after the village.
 Sadeqabad (Persian: صادق اباد‎ also Romanized as Şādeqābād; also known as Şādeqlū) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 25 families.
 Góra Świętej Małgorzaty [ˈɡura ˈɕfjɛntɛi̯ mau̯ɡɔˈʐatɨ] is a village in Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Łęczyca and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cerovljani (Serbian: Церовљани) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rud-e Ayuk Dar Kheyari (Persian: رودايوك دارخياري‎ also Romanized as Rūd-e Ayūk Dār Kheyārī; also known as Rūd-e Ayūk and Rūd-e Ayyūk) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 605 in 109 families.
 Arciszewo [art͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Nowy Młyn [ˈnɔvɨ ˈmwɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kadłubia [kaˈdwubja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żary within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Żary and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Reptowo [rɛpˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Dąbrowa Chełmińska 17 km (11 mi) east of Bydgoszcz and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 100.
 Kondapi or Kondepi is a small town and a Mandal & Assembly constituency in Prakasam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 Sarkam (Persian: سركم‎) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khvorshaneh (Persian: خورشانه‎ also Romanized as Khvorshāneh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Grobnice is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 254 people.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kije 11 km (7 mi) north of Pińczów and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Laxmibil is a village located in the West Tripura District Tripura India. The population is 6684. 3521 people are male. 3163 are female.
 Koniec [ˈkɔɲet͡s] (German: Enddorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lubraniec 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 60 km (37 mi) south of Toruń.
 Pattimattom is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala. it is situated 17km northwest of Muvattupuzha on SH41. Town is Situated in a Junction of Roads Which are Kolenchery-Perumbavoor Road and SH41 Palarivattom-Muvattupuzha Road.
 Ponnavarayankottai is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Borki Nizińskie [ˈbɔrki niˈʑiɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tuszów Narodowy 12 km (7 mi) north of Mielec and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 600.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Ostrołęka and 101 km (63 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 550.
 Tarob (Persian: طارب‎ also Romanized as Ţārob Ţārb and Torab) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Tarczyn 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 30 km (19 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Stara Wróblina [ˈstara vruˈblina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Stanin 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Łuków and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Darreh Pahn (Persian: دره پهن‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 19 families.
 Kotków [ˈkɔtkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wielowieś 24 km (15 mi) north of Gliwice and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Shahrak-e Sofla (Persian: شهرك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Soflá; also known as Shārāk-e Pā’īn Sharīkeh Pāin and Sharīkeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 67 families.
 Owchghaz-e Olya (Persian: اوچغازعليا‎ also Romanized as Owchghāz-e ‘Olyā; also known as Balūkān Būlū Kāndī Owjīqāz-e Bālā Ūchqāz-e Bālā Ūjeghāz-e Bālā Ūjqāz Ūjqāz-e Bālā Ūjqāz-e ‘Olyā Verkhnyaya Dzhigas and Yūjqāz-e Bālā) is a village in Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 821 in 175 families.
 Büklüm is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey. Its name means bend in Turkish.
 Dorpachiuridada is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6096 persons living in 1107 individual households.
 Markowce [marˈkɔft͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Марківці Markivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Sanok and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 510.
 Gallahawatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Khannur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Khannur is located in the Navalgund taluk of Dharwad district in Karnataka.
 Marengaz (Persian: مارانگاز‎ also Romanized as Mārengāz and Mārān Gāz; also known as Marangās) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1099 in 259 families.
 Gosławice [ɡɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Bielawy 22 km (14 mi) west of Łowicz and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Haridaspur is a village in Birbhum district West Bengal India.
 Khanom Kan (Persian: خانم كن‎ also Romanized as Khānom Kon; also known as Khānam-i-Kūn Khanom Goon Khānom Gūn and Khānom Kohneh) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 42 families.
 Piilsi is a village in Lohusuu Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Grzymek [ˈɡʐɨmɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ballyferriter (Irish: Baile an Fheirtéaraigh meaning Ferriter's townland Irish pronunciation: [ˈbˠalʲənʲ ɛɾˠˈtʲeːɾˠiɡʲ] or An B[h]uailtín)) is a Gaeltacht village in County Kerry Ireland. It is in the west of the Corca Dhuibhne (Dingle) peninsula and according to the 2002 census about 75% of the town's population speak the Irish language on a daily basis.
 Bagh-e Seyyed (Persian: باغ سيد‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Seyyed) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Seyyed Karim (Persian: سيدكريم‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Karīm) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 6 families.
 Tłucznice [twut͡ʂˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Maków Mazowiecki and 69 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Khuk Ab (Persian: خوك اب‎ also Romanized as Khūk Āb; also known as Qand Āb) is a village in Karizan Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 8 families.
 Angur Azuj (Persian: انگورازوج‎ also Romanized as Angūr Āzūj) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 25 families.
 Balewo [baˈlɛvɔ] (German: Groß Baalau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mikołajki Pomorskie 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Sztum and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Jędrzejów [jɛnˈdʐɛjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 310.
 Grodno Drugie [ˈɡrɔdnɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. The name literally translates as Second Grodno. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Kutno and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 80.
 Ząbrsko Górne [ˈzɔmbrskɔ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Przywidz 19 km (12 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 103.
 Salmanbeyli is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Boneh-ye Murt Lakhshak (Persian: بنه مورت لاخشك‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Mūrt Lākhshak) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szewele [ʂɛˈvɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mazraeh-ye Cheshmeh Sefid (Persian: مزرعه چشمه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Torud Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kashi (Persian: كاشي‎ also Romanized as Kāshī) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 557 in 134 families.
 Balaji (Persian: بالاجي‎ also Romanized as Bālājī) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 52 families.
 Rig Cheshmeh (Persian: ريگ چشمه‎ also Romanized as Rīg Cheshmeh) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 32 families.
 Chahar Qash (Persian: چهارقاش‎ also Romanized as Chahār Qāsh) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piegonisko-Wieś [pjɛɡɔˈniskɔ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Ręszew [ˈrɛ̃ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Burzenin 18 km (11 mi) south of Sieradz and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Aghlian (Persian: اغليان‎ also Romanized as Āghlīān) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 37 families.
 Moskwa [ˈmɔskfa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. (Moskwa is also the Polish name for Moscow.)
 Quytal (Persian: قويطال‎ also Romanized as Qūyţāl) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 31 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Padar Hajji Abadollah (Persian: قشلاق پادارحاجي عباداله‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Pādār Ḩājjī ʿAbādollah) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Búðardalur is a village situated on the Hvammsfjörður in the north-west of Iceland.The village also lies at the north-eastern end of the Snæfellsnes peninsula and is part of the municipality of Dalabyggð. Búðardalur has about 250 inhabitants and it is a service center for the area. There are 650 inhabitants in the whole county.
 Torklan (Persian: تركلان‎ also Romanized as Torklān; also known as Torkilān) is a village in Vargahan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 12 families.
 Sarıhacılar Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Thayanur is a village in the Srirangam taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Hesar-e Qarah Tappeh (Persian: حصارقره تپه‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Qarah Tappeh and Ḩeşār-e Qareh Tappeh) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Breaffy officially Breaghwy (Irish: Bréachmhaigh meaning wolf plain) is a village near Castlebar in County Mayo Ireland. It is southeast of Castlebar and has a population of about 1500.
 Ardafeh (Persian: اردفه‎ also Romanized as Ārdafeh) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 25 families.
 Ilısu is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Mostówka [mɔsˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 129.
 Tõnissaare is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 30 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Yeniköy is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 188 people.
 Hoseynabad-e Sofla (Persian: حسين ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Soflá) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1344 in 343 families.
 Cielętniki [t͡ɕɛlɛntˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Zawonia 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Trzebnica and 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chenar Khoshkeh (Persian: چنارخشكه‎ also Romanized as Chenār Khoshkeh) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 41 families.
 Oleśniczka [ɔlɛɕˈnit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Długołęka and 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 270.
 Sieprawki [ɕeˈprafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gołyń [ˈɡɔwɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Biała Rawska 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 150.
 Mowtowr-e Hamid Abdollahi (Persian: بمپور حميد عبدالهي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩamīd ʿAbdollahī; also known as Beyt Allahī) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sahruyeh (Persian: سهرويه‎ also Romanized as Sahrūyeh; also known as Sohrū‘īyeh) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 5 families.
 Isardeh (Persian: ايثارده‎ also Romanized as Īs̱ārdeh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 108 families.
 Kułakowice Pierwsze [kuwakɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Hrubieszów and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 242.
 Lay Lashan (Persian: لاي لاشان‎ also Romanized as Lāy Lāshān) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pozarzyn [pɔˈzaʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Yaylakonak Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bagh-e Keshmir-e Olya (Persian: باغ كشميرعليا‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Keshmīr-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bāgh-e Keshmīr Bāgh-e Keshmīr-e Bālā and Bāgh Keshmīr) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1041 in 241 families.
 Haus or Hausvik is a village in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. The village is located on the southwestern coast of the island of Osterøy along the Sørfjorden. The village lies across the Sørfjorden from the villages of Ytre Arna and Garnes. The village of Valestrandfossen lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north along the fjord.
 Hesar Bon (Persian: حصاربن‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār Bon) is a village in Hablerud Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 946 in 284 families.
 Ševrljuge is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 334 people.
 Gajówki [ɡaˈjufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Iłowo-Osada 5 km (3 mi) south-east of Działdowo and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 For other uses see Manor (disambiguation)Manor is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The Manor Museum (1904) is a Municipal Heritage Property on the Canadian Register of Historic Places.
 Sang Asiabak (Persian: سنگ اسيابك‎ also Romanized as Sang Āsīābaḵ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Podbielko [pɔdˈbjɛlkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 103 km (64 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Bakhtabad-e Pain (Persian: بخت ابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Bakhtābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Basiran (Persian: بصيران‎ also Romanized as Başīrān) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 55 families.
 Khatunabad (Persian: خاتون اباد‎ also Romanized as Khātūnābād) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 21 families.
 Vahenurme is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Godziątków [ɡɔˈd͡ʑɔntkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Blizanów 18 km (11 mi) north of Kalisz and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Ali Askari (Persian: تلمبه محمدعلي عسكري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī ‘Askarī) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kulli is a village in Raasiku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.Kulli has a station on the Elektriraudtee eastern route.
 Salachowy Bór [salaˈxɔvɨ ˈbur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Radoszyce 16 km (10 mi) south of Końskie and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 70.
 Fareed Peta is a village in the Etcherla mandalam in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Marjan (Persian: مرجان‎ also Romanized as Marjān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 24 families.
 Qanat-e Now (Persian: قنات نو‎ also Romanized as Qanāt-e Now; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Now) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Oud-Alblas is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Molenwaard and lies about 6 km north of Dordrecht.In 2001 the village of Oud-Alblas had 1291 inhabitants.
 Mroczki [ˈmrɔt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kałuszyn 20 km (12 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 57 km (35 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dom-e Asman (Persian: دم اسمان‎ also Romanized as Dom-e Āsmān Dam Asman and Dom Āsmān; also known as Dum Āsmān) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 348 in 112 families.
 Saczkowce [sat͡ʂˈkɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kuźnica 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Sokółka and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 190.
 Tanguiyeh (Persian: تنگوييه‎ also Romanized as Tangū’īyeh and Tangoo’yeh; also known as Tangū and Tangūyeh) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād; also known as Kalāteh Mīrābād and Kalāteh-ye Mīrābād) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Stary Pawłów [ˈstarɨ ˈpavwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Janów Podlaski 20 km (12 mi) north of Biała Podlaska and 114 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Erdemli is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Ujazd-Huby [ˈujast ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 91.
 Kawieczyno-Saksary [kavjɛˈt͡ʂɨnɔ sakˈsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vidrići (Serbian: Видрићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Paulding is a village in and the county seat of Paulding County Ohio United States. It is located predominantly in Paulding Township. The population was 3605 at the 2010 census.
 Taqahai-ye Chahar Bisheh (Persian: طاقهاي چهاربيشه‎ also Romanized as Ţāqahāī-ye Chahār Bīsheh) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 6 families.
 Żarowo [ʐaˈrɔvɔ] (formerly German Saarow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Stargard Szczeciński and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 349.
 Wierzbica [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Tuczępy 23 km (14 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 230.
 Joanin [jɔˈanin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Cham Rud (Persian: چم رود‎ also Romanized as Cham Rūd; also known as Bakhīmīrī) is a village in Zamkan Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Jadowniki [jadɔvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzesko within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Brzesko and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 5 014.
 San Benito is a village in the San Benito District of the Contumazá Province in the Cajamarca Region of Peru.
 Borysław [bɔˈrɨswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Głuchów 13 km (8 mi) south of Skierniewice and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Jordavi (Persian: جردوي‎ also Romanized as Jordavī) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 894 in 207 families.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Bālā) is a village in Baghak Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 109 families.
 Darb-e Anarestan (Persian: درب انارستان‎ also Romanized as 'Darb-e Anārestān) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 23 families.
 Gabrysin [ɡaˈbrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Buczek 4 km (2 mi) south of Łask and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gollujeh (Persian: گلوجه‎ also Romanized as Gollūjeh; also known as Koljeh) is a village in Alan Baraghush Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 20 families.
 Bagheshjerd (Persian: باغشجرد‎ also Romanized as Bāgheshjerd and Bāgheshgerd) is a village in Safiabad Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 101 families.
 Skąpe [ˈskɔmpɛ] (German: Hermannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Chełmża and 21 km (13 mi) north of Toruń.
 Kish Olya (Persian: کيش بزنويد‎ also Romanized as Kīsh ʿOlyā); also known as Kish Bazanvid (Persian: کيش عليا) also Romanized as Kīsh Bazanvīd) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 19 families.
 Doluca is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Gunaore is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Monells is a village belonging to the municipality of Cruïlles Monells i Sant Sadurní de l'Heura in the comarca (county) of the Baix Empordà. It is crossed by the Rissec river.
 Sipa is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Patwa Toli is a non-descript locality under the Manpur block of the Gaya district. However youths from this area have made their home famous by cracking the IIT-JEE regularly since 1999. The locality has around 1000 households most of them patwas (weavers). Of them at least 200 families have at least one engineer. Around 10 families have two IITians.
 Poynette is a village in Columbia County Wisconsin United States. The population was 2528 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Donkerbroek is a village consisting of about 1870 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. among its famous inhabitants is nomorecash who frequently play the highstake badugi games at ps
 Janan (Persian: جانان‎ also Romanized as Jānān) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 33 families.
 Chlístov is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 San Felipe is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Heydarabad-e Chenareh (Persian: حيدرابادچناره‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Chenāreh) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 31 families.
 Qostin Rud (Persian: قسطين رود‎ also Romanized as Qosţīn Rūd) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 30 families.
 Kushk-e Pas Qalat (Persian: كوشك پس قلات‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Pas Qalāt) is a village in Famur Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 5 families.
 Saravand (Persian: سراوند‎ also Romanized as Sarāvand and Sarāwand) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 67 families.
 Ribnica (Cyrillic: Рибница) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Šugine Bare is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deshanur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bailhongal taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Zangi (Persian: زنگي‎ also Romanized as Zangī) is a village in Sis Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 705 in 185 families.
 Belfort [ˈbɛlfɔrt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dziemiany 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dozak (Persian: دزك‎; also known as Dezekeh and Dozag) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 37 families.
 Eram Sadat (Persian: ارم سادات‎ also Romanized as Eram Sādāt) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 72 families.
 Żelichów [ʐɛˈlixuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluki within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kluki 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kuru is a village in Tapa Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Krasna Wieś [ˈkrasna ˈvʲɛɕ] (West Polesian dialect. Красне Село Krasne Selo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Boćki 14 km (9 mi) south of Bielsk Podlaski and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Domaradz [dɔˈmarat͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Damnica 16 km (10 mi) east of Słupsk and 89 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 257.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 41 families.
 Khakineh-ye Pain (Persian: خاكينه پائين‎ also Romanized as Khākīneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Khākīneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Niyarak Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 18 families.
 Tang Do (Persian: تنگ دو‎) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Klamry [ˈklamrɨ] (German: Klammer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Chełmno 38 km (24 mi) north of Toruń and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Dąbrówno [dɔmˈbruvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Potęgowo 29 km (18 mi) east of Słupsk and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 246.
 Gorg Baghi (Persian: گرگ باغي‎ also Romanized as Gorg Bāghī; also known as Bāgh Garā Gar-i-Bāgh Gar-i-Bāqi Gorg Bāgh and Kūr-e Bāgh) is a village in Alishar Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 52 families.
 Redings Mill is a village in Newton County Missouri United States. The population was 151 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Joplin Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Tarkhuran (Persian: طرخوران‎ also Romanized as Ţarkhūrān; also known as Tarkhārān) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 17 families. It is located in an upland valley at an elevation of 970 m. Water for irrigation comes from mountain springs and is delivered by a qanat system.
 Qeshlaq Baba Rostam (Persian: قشلاق بابارستم‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq Bābā Rostam; also known as Qeshlāq) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 26 families.
 Eustachów [ɛusˈtaxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łopuszno and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 400.
 Mehane is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 54 people.
 Moslemabad (Persian: مسلم اباد‎ also Romanized as Moslemābād) is a village in Qohrud Rural District Qamsar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 22 families.
 Łękawica [wɛnkaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszów within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Stryszów 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Wadowice and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1200.
 Śmielnik [ˈɕmjɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Izbica Kujawska 37 km (23 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 75 km (47 mi) south of Toruń.
 Siddhegavhan is a panchayat village in the state of Maharashtra India on the left (east) bank of the Bhima River. Administratively Siddhegavhan is under Khed Taluka of Pune District in Maharashtra. There is only the single village of Siddhegavhan in the Shinde Gavhan gram panchayat. The village of Siddhegavhan is 10.5 km southeast by road of the village of Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed and 21 km by road west of the town of Shikrapur.
 Zaręby-Grzymały [zaˈrɛmbɨ ɡʐɨˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bab Gorg (Persian: بابگرگ‎ also Romanized as Bāb Gorg) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 31 families.
 Gölyurt is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Aouleiguatt is a village and rural commune in the Trarza Region of south-western Mauritania.As of 2000 it had a population of 8467.
 Ivim (Persian: ايويم‎ also Romanized as Īvīm; also known as Hayavī and Hayavīm) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 13 families.
 Ab-e Mosla (Persian: اب مصلي‎ also Romanized as Āb-e Moslà) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Ruydar District Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Sawalakhu is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2216 people living in 404 individual households.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Nāşerābād and Nāşrābād) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 84 families.
 Krajkovac is a village situated in Merošina municipality in Serbia.
 Chróstowo [xrusˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Gorzeń Górny [ˈɡɔʐɛɲ ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wadowice and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 277.
 Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Kutno and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 130.
 Vrba is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Talpa (Persian: طالپا‎ also Romanized as Ţālpā) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 72 families.
 Boneh Kenar (Persian: بنه كنار‎ also Romanized as Boneh Kenār) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1233 in 336 families.
 Gudžioniai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 48 people.
 Koczała [kɔˈt͡ʂawa] (German: Flötenstein) is a village in Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Koczała. It lies approximately 35 kilometres (22 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 115 km (71 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2111.
 Piasków [ˈpjaskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sienno 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 132 km (82 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Jong Sara (Persian: جنگسرا‎ also Romanized as Jong Sarā) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 131 families.
 Gołuszyn [ɡɔˈwuʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bieżuń 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Żuromin and 107 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Chahar Rah (Persian: چهارراه‎ also Romanized as Chahār Rāh) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chehgush (Persian: چه گوش‎ also Romanized as Chehgūsh; also known as Cheqūsh) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1543 in 366 families.
 Kani Gowhar (Persian: كاني گوهر‎ also Romanized as Kānī Gowhar and Kanī Gowhar) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District in the Central District of Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 28 families.
 Sanginabad (Persian: سنگين آباد‎ also Romanized as Sangīnābād) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 734 in 148 families.
 Kilbehenny (Irish: Coill Bheithne) is a village in County Limerick Ireland on the R639 regional road. It is situated on the County Cork border and is within two kilometers of the County Tipperary border. The village is 5 km (3.1 mi) east of Mitchelstown the nearest town and 1 km from Junction 12 of the M8 Dublin to Cork motorway.
 Solubalm (Persian: سلوبلم‎ also Romanized as Solūbalm Salū Balam and Salūbalm; also known as Salūbam) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 46 families.
 Yarabad Mirbeyg (Persian: يارابادميربيگ‎ also Romanized as Yārābād Mīrbeyg; also known as Yārābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1491 in 309 families.
 Rogienice Wielkie [rɔɡʲɛˈnit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Kolno and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 447.
 Siabkun (Persian: سيابكون‎ also Romanized as Sīābkūn) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 20 families.
 Mih Moulahoum (also written Moui Oum el Ahoum) is a village in the commune of Mih Ouensa in Mih Ouensa District El Oued Province Algeria. The village is located 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of Mih Ouensa and 30 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of the provincial capital El Oued.
 Pieski [ˈpjɛski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Cewice 20 km (12 mi) south of Lębork and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 La Unión is a Cuban village in Cienfuegos Province. It is part of the municipality of Rodas.
 Pieńczykowo [pjɛɲt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Rajgród 12 km (7 mi) east of Grajewo and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Balut Bazeh (Persian: بلوط بازه‎ also Romanized as Balūţ Bāzeh) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 33 families.
 Bala Mahalleh-ye Gildeh (Persian: بالامحله گيلده‎ also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Gīldeh; also known as Gīldeh) is a village in Dehgah Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 141 families.
 Van-e Sofla (Persian: وان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Vān-e Soflá; also known as Vān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 70 families.
 Panjkosi is a village in the Western part of Punjab India. It is the home of Balram Jakhar.
 Aliwal village comes under the Jalandhar East development block of Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvʲinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Pokrówka (the gmina seat) 4 km (2 mi) north of Chełm and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Korizagheh (Persian: كري زاغه‎ also Romanized as Korīzāgheh; also known as Kor Zāgheh Kūh-e Zakheh Kūh-i-Zākha and Kūh Zākheh) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 53 families.
 Takam (Persian: تاكام‎ also Romanized as Tākām) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 53 families.
 Aliabad-e Kuh Namaki (Persian: علي ابادكوه نمكي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kūh Namakī; also known as ‘Alīābād Namakī) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 8 families.
 Gerd Basak (Persian: گردباسك‎ also Romanized as Gerd Bāsāk) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 32 families.
 Hamarjung is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2956 people living in 593 individual households.
 Bagh Sukhteh (Persian: باغ سوخته‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Sūkhteh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 10 families.
 Yolqun Aghaj (Persian: يلقون اغاج‎ also Romanized as Yolqūn Āghāj; also known as Yolgūn Āghāj and Yūlqūn Āghāch) is a village in Afshar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 899 in 192 families.
 Lamaing is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Kızıllı Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Çırdak is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 75 people.
 Qarch Javaneh (Persian: قارچ جوانه‎ also Romanized as Qārch Javāneh) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tey 25 Pashahid Hoseyn Shahram Far (Persian: تي 25 پشهيد حسين شهرام فر‎ also Romanized as Tey 25 Pashahīd Ḩoseyn Shahrām Far) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 502 in 134 families.
 Ługi [ˈwuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wąsosz 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Góra and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Regnów [ˈrɛɡnuf] is a village in Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Regnów. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 340.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Abnama Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2318 in 493 families.
 Pickering is a city in Nodaway County Missouri United States. The population was 160 at the 2010 census.
 Łaszewo [waˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Azrat (Persian: ازرت‎) is a village in Moallem Kalayeh Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Pękalin [pɛnˈkalin] (German: Friedrichswerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Główczyce 39 km (24 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 75 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 24.
 Wicie [ˈvit͡ɕe] (formerly German Vitte) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Darłowo 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Sławno and 173 km (107 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 42.
 Qaleh-ye Bahador (Persian: قلعه بهادر‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Bahādor) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 47 families.
 Kłosówko [kwɔˈsufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Borne Sulinowo 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Szczecinek and 129 km (80 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 30.
 Kamień Górowski [ˈkamjɛɲ ɡuˈrɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 km (3 mi) south of Wąsosz 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Góra and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 290.
 Velika Kruševica is a village in the municipality of Rekovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 289 people.
 Glogovica (Serbian: Глоговица) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 874 people.
 Jankielówka [jankʲɛˈlufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Raczki 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Suwałki and 98 km (61 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gol Tappeh (Persian: گل تپه‎) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1011 in 214 families.
 Feyzabad (Persian: فيض اباد‎ also Romanized as Feyẕābād) is a village in Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District Jaghin District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 52 families.
 Pławanice-Kolonia [pwavaˈnit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Niyarak (Persian: نيارك‎ also Romanized as Nīyārak Nīārak Neyarak and Nīarīk) is a village in Niyarak Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 590 in 204 families.
 Sprowa [ˈsprɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Słupia 30 km (19 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 370.
 Oggomuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād and Muhammadābād) is a village in Khondab Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 23 families.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Biskupiec 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Wier is a small village in Menaldumadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 210 citizens (2004).
 Piątek Mały-Kolonia [ˈpjɔntɛk ˈmawɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Stawiszyn 14 km (9 mi) north of Kalisz and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 200.
 Kaňovice (German: Kaniowitz Polish: Kaniowice) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 226 (2006). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
 Varja is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Sekkemo is a village in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county Norway. The village is located along the shore of the Kvænangen fjord about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of the municipal centre of Burfjord. The European route E06 highway runs through the small village. Sekkemo Church is located here.
 Krzyżówki [kʂɨˈʐufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Bovril is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Lućmierz-Las [ˈlut͡ɕmjɛʂ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Jammihal is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Achalapur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Colan Conhué is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Zaloňov is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Cham Jangal (Persian: چم جنگل‎) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 49 families.
 Soltan Ahmadlu (Persian: سلطان احمدلو‎ also Romanized as Solţān Aḩmadlū; also known as Qeshlāq-e Aḩmadī) is a village in Rudshur Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 48 families.
 Wygnanów [vɨɡˈnanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Małogoszcz 17 km (11 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Muna Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2152 people living in 456 individual households.
 Lavasani (Persian: لواساني‎ also Romanized as Lavāsānī; also known as Ḩājjī Shahbāz Khān) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 49 families.
 Par-e Nobar (Persian: پرنبار‎ also Romanized as Par-e Nobār; also known as Par-e Bonār) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 32 families.
 Ratyń [ˈratɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Słupca and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sheykh Shams ol Din (Persian: شيخ شمس الدين‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Shams ol Dīn; also known as Sheykh Shamseddīn) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 899 in 169 families.
 Wild Rose is a village in Waushara County Wisconsin United States. The population was 725 at the 2010 census.
 Gartki [ˈɡartki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 7.
 Qaleh-ye Bahman (Persian: قلعه بهمن‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Bahman and Qal‘eh Bahman) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 89 families.
 Wełecz [ˈvɛwɛt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Busko-Zdrój and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 560.
 Khanjari (Persian: خنجري‎ also Romanized as Khanjarī; also known as Ḩanjarī-ye Pā’īn Khanjarī Soflá and Khanjarī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 29 families.
 Nehzatabad (Persian: نهضت اباد‎ also Romanized as Nehẕatābād; also known as Nehşatābād) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowy Koserz [ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔsɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Janczowice [jant͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Barłomino [barwɔˈminɔ] (Kashubian: Barłominò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Luzino 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 575.
 Sarıderesi is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 383 people.
 Aniwa is a village in Shawano County Wisconsin United States. The population was 260 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Aniwa. U.S. Route 45 runs north-south through the village.
 Bogatovo is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Bilo is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 14 people.
 Rituvík is a village on the southeast side of the Faroese island of Eysturoy located in the municipality of Runavíkar.
 Batmanqelenj-e Sofla (Persian: باتمانقلنج سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bātmānqelenj-e Soflá; also known as Bātmānqelīch and Bātmānqelīch-e Soflá) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 70 families.
 Golińsk [ˈɡɔliɲsk] (German: Göhlenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic.
 Tonmate is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies on the Chindwin River to the south of Homalin.
 Przyborowice Górne [pʂɨbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Załuski 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Płońsk and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Morgi [ˈmɔrɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Suchowola 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nowe Lipiny [ˈnɔvɛ liˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 1200.
 Chah-e Ali Baqery (Persian: چاه علي باقرئ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAlī Bāqery) is a village in Esfandar Rural District Bahman District Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Viluvere is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.Viluvere has a station on the Edelaraudtee's western route.Military commander Avdy Andresson (1899–1990) was born in Viluvere.
 Rokszyce [rɔkˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wola Krzysztoporska 5 km (3 mi) west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ammachatram is a small and peaceful developing village situated 6KM from Kumbakonam(Temple Town) to Mayiladuthurai route on [State Highway (SH - 64)] and 277 km away from Chennai.
 July 7 International Airport (Persian: فرودگاه بين الملي هفت و تير‎ – Ferūdgāh bīn Almalī Haft va Tīr) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 51 families. The village is adjacent to Imam Khomeini International Airport.
 Garmab-e Mohammad Rezavandi (Persian: گرماب محمدرضاوندي‎ also Romanized as Garmāb-e Moḩammad Rez̤āvandī) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 48 families.
 Wydrzno [ˈvɨdʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łasin 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Grudziądz and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Ahmadabad-e Bash (Persian: احمد آباد باش‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Bāsh; also known as Aḩmadābād and Aḩmadābād-e Bāshābād) is a village in Lak Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 75 families.
 Dam Ab (Persian: دم اب‎ also Romanized as Dam Āb) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 805 in 171 families.
 Khaveh (Persian: خاوه‎ also Romanized as Khāveh and Khāweh; also known as Ḩāveh) is a village in Jushaq Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 963 in 306 families.
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبداله آباد‎ also Romanized as ʿAbdollahābād) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 65 families.
 Berak (Persian: براك‎ also Romanized as Berāk; also known as Barrāq and Bīraq) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2355 in 559 families.
 Drenovo is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Dargi (Persian: درگي‎ also Romanized as Dargī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Makita is a village in Palupera Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It's located about 10 km (6 mi) southeast of the town of Elva and about 11 km (7 mi) north of the town of Otepää. Makita has a population of 22 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Aliabad-e Faqih Mahalleh (Persian: علي اباد فقيه محله‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Faqīh Maḩalleh; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 41 families.
 Chwalęcin [xfaˈlɛnt͡ɕin] (German: Quanzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemcza within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Niemcza 24 km (15 mi) east of Dzierżoniów and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 70.
 Sucha Kamienica [ˈsuxa kamjɛˈnit͡sa] (German Dürr-Kamitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Głuchołazy 11 km (7 mi) south of Nysa and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 200.
 Divaneh Khvoy (Persian: ديوان خوي‎ also Romanized as Dīvāneh Khvoy) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 47 families.
 Tazeh Kand-e Fakhrlu (Persian: تازه كندفخرلو‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Fakhrlū; also known as Tāzeh Kand and Tāzeh Kand-e Fakhr ‘Alī) is a village in Oryad Rural District in the Central District of Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 among 62 families.
 Planty [ˈplantɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Michałowo and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Trlić is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1020 people.
 Olszany [ɔlˈʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Soorappallam is a village located 1 km away from Pattukkottai town in Tanjore district in TamilNadu state in India on the way to Mannargudi and Kumbakonam via Vadaseri.Soorappallam a part of Pattukkottai taluk is most fertile as the land is with rich content of alluvial soil deposited by the river flowing across the region throughKallanai canal which is one of the distributaries for the Cauvery river.
 Darzehi (Persian: درزهي‎ also Romanized as Darzehī) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Panesar-e Tashkan (Persian: پانسار تشکن‎ also Romanized as Pānesār-e Tashkan; also known as Pānesār-e Bārānī and Bārānī) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 585 in 111 families.
 Muthupatti is a Village in Madurai district of Tamil Nadu India.
 Kępa Chwałowska [ˈkɛmpa xfaˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dwikozy 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Sandomierz and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 110.
 Maraq Kan (Persian: مرق كان‎ also Romanized as Maraq Kān) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 60 families.
 Stary Lubiel [ˈstarɨ ˈlubjɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Rząśnik 20 km (12 mi) north of Wyszków and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Papol-e Madian Rud (Persian: پاپل ماديان رود‎ also Romanized as Pāpol-e Mādīān Rūd; also known as Pāpol-e Mādīān and Pāpol) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 15 families.
 Qaraviz (Persian: قراويز‎ also Romanized as Qarāvīz) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 398 in 86 families.
 Bolivar (/ˈbɒlɨvər/ rhymes with Oliver) is a village in Tuscarawas County Ohio United States. The population was 994 at the 2010 census. Bolivar is also home to Fort Laurens the only American Revolutionary War-era fort in what is now Ohio.
 Warszewo [varˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Judendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Młynary 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Elbląg and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional Willie Miller Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia) Judendorf (lit.:Jewsvillage) was renamed Hermannswalde in 1936 by Nazi German authorities.
 Pawłowice [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central parts of Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Krzyżanów 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kutno and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Arlington is a village in Hancock County Ohio United States. The population was 1455 at the 2010 census.
 Holaq (Persian: هلق‎; also known as Halagh Holīq Khūlīk and Khulyak) is a village in Dizmar-e Gharbi Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 117 families.
 Nowe Kraski [ˈnɔvɛ ˈkraski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Do Ab-e Alishahi (Persian: دواب عليشاهي‎ also Romanized as Do Āb-e ‘Alīshāhī; also known as Īnāq Īnakh and Nīāq) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Feliksów [fɛˈliksuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wiskitki 6 km (4 mi) north of Żyrardów and 41 km (25 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Rushk (Persian: روشك‎ also Romanized as Rūshk) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 36 families.
 Jey (Persian: جي‎) is a village in Adaran Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 113 families.
 Mowtowr-e Hajj Ahmad Ali Moradi (Persian: موتور حاج احمد عليمرادي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājj Aḩmad ʿAlī Morādī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Zad-Shahapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Matiyah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Siemień-Kolonia [ˈɕɛmjɛɲ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) west of Parczew and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Aghcheh Kohal-e Rajabanlu (Persian: اغچه كهل رجبانلو‎ also Romanized as Āghcheh Kohal-e Rajabānlū; also known as Āghjeh Kohal) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 63 families.
 Kalateh-ye Barfi (Persian: كلاته برفي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Barfī) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1757 in 370 families.
 Chiyeh (Persian: چيه‎ also Romanized as Chīyeh) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 42 families.
 Kedreng (Persian: كدرنگ‎; also known as Kedrīng) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 31 families.
 Wólka [ˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Słupia 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Końskie and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 400.
 Zeydabad (Persian: زيداباد‎ also Romanized as Zeydābād) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 51 families.
 Rogóźno [rɔˈɡuʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Ludwin 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Łęczna and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Połupin [pɔˈwupin] (formerly German Rusdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dąbie 3 km (2 mi) east of Krosno Odrzańskie and 28 km (17 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sajópüspöki is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Edwardów [ɛdˈvarduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 42.
 Rezvan (Persian: رضوان اباد‎ also Romanized as Reẕvānābād; also known as Reẕvān and Tolombeh-ye Reẕvān) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 23 families.
 Gol Qandasht (Persian: گلقندشت‎) is a village in Ghazali Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 120 families.
 Chelevand-e Pain (Persian: چلوندپائين‎ also Romanized as Chelevand-e Pā’īn and Chelvand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Chelevand Rural District Lavandevil District Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 975 in 204 families.
 Gniewskie Pole [ˈɡɲɛfskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ] (German: Mewischfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kwidzyn and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 269.
 Bardo [ˈbardɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Września and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 240.
 Permisküla is a village in Illuka Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Bejgerd (Persian: بجگرد‎) is a village in Sohr va Firuzan Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1511 in 377 families.
 Solvay is a village located in Onondaga County New York and a suburb of the city of Syracuse. According to the 2010 census the village had a total population of 6584. The village is named after the Solvay brothers Belgian inventors of the chemical process employed by the Solvay Process Company formerly the major industry of the village.
 Yaribieh (Persian: يربيعي‎ also Romanized as Yaribi‘eh; also known as Yorbī‘ī Yorebey‘ī Yowrabī‘eh and Yowraybīyeh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Ngư Hóa is a commune (xã) and village in Tuyên Hóa District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Śliwice [ɕliˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Długołęka and 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 380.
 Zatonie [zaˈtɔɲe] (formerly German Grünhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złocieniec within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Złocieniec 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Büyükköy is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bongan (Persian: بنگان‎ also Romanized as Bongān and Bangān; also known as Beshgān) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 673 in 177 families.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād; also known as Pīrūzābād) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 6 families.
 Orojabad (Persian: ارج اباد‎ also Romanized as Orojābād; also known as Orujābād) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Shami Kola (Persian: شاميكلا‎ also Romanized as Shāmī Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 68 families.
 Brahmapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4662.
 Krzeszów Dolny [ˈkʂɛʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ] (Ukrainian: Крешів Долішній Kreshiv Dolishnii) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszów within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Krzeszów 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Nisko and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 335.
 Topolovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Yeşilyurt is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 481 people.
 Harabarjan (Persian: هرابرجان‎ also Romanized as Harābarjān and Herābarjān; also known as Arāvjūn Haravarjūn and Harvarjun) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 563 in 189 families.
 Goliszowiec [ɡɔliˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Zaklików 9 km (6 mi) north of Stalowa Wola and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 140.
 Heygeh Bagh-e Piruz (Persian: هيگه باغ پيروز‎ also Romanized as Heyggh Bāgh-e Pīrūz) is a village in Mamulan Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Tarla (Persian: ترلا‎ also Romanized as Tarlā) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hajji Babay-e Olya (Persian: حاجي باباي عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bābāy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩājjī Bābā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Ansar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 30 families.
 Warmiak [ˈvarmjak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 45 kilometres (28 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 143 km (89 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Agnichok is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3681 and had 713 houses in it.
 Salaq-e Aman Kharlar (Persian: سلاق امان خرلر‎ also Romanized as Salāq-e Āmān Kharlar; also known as Salāqāmānlar) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 745 in 166 families.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 34 families.
 Posada Jaćmierska Górna [pɔˈsada jat͡ɕˈmʲɛrska ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarszyn within Sanok County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Santa María (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Mohammadabad-e Pain (Persian: محمدابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 87 families.
 Alsunga (also Alšvanga German: Alschwangen) is a village in Alsunga Municipality Latvia. Alsunga is the center of the Suiti people – a small Catholic community in the Lutheran western part of Latvia. There are approximately 940 inhabitants in Alsunga.Alsunga was first mentioned in 1230 as an old settlement of Curonians. In 1372 a castle was built for the vogt of Kuldīga komtur. In 1561 Alsunga became the part of the predominantly Lutheran Duchy of Courland and Semigallia.
 Çamalan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Jahadabad (Persian: جهاداباد‎ also Romanized as Jahādābād) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Su Sara (Persian: سوسرا‎ also Romanized as Sū Sarā; also known as Sū Sarāb) is a village in Khormarud-e Jonubi Rural District Cheshmeh Saran District Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 929 in 226 families.
 Vikebukt is a village in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the eastern side of the mouth of the Tresfjorden just south of where the fjord meets the Romsdalsfjorden. The village is the site of Vike Church.The European route E136 highway passes through Vikebukt. In 2014-2015 the new Tresfjord Bridge will cross the fjord from Vestnes village to Vikebukt.
 Kranów [ˈkranuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Daleszyce and 14 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 380.
 Kalateh-ye Sadat-e Bala (Persian: كلاته سادات بالا‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sādāt-e Bālā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Sādāt-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Forumad Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 11 families.
 Kureh-ye Gach Pazi (Persian: كوره گچ پزي‎ also Romanized as Kūreh-ye Gach Pazī) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Anikudichan (South) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Clonlara officially Cloonlara (from Irish: Cluain Lára) is a village in County Clare Ireland and a Catholic parish of the same name.
 Now Gonbad (Persian: نوگنبد‎) is a village in Bafran Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ribdung Jaleswori is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2039 persons living in 416 individual households.
 Cham Ti (Persian: چم‌تی‎ also romanized as Cham Tī) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lutom [ˈlutɔm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Czersk 19 km (12 mi) east of Chojnice and 90 km (56 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 109.
 Mierovo (Hungarian: Béke Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈbeːkɛ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Szewce Owsiane [ˈʂɛft͡sɛ ɔfˈɕanɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Kutno and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rudnik [ˈrudnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.The village has a population of 9.
 Panikhaiti is a village in Kamrup situated in south bank of Brahmaputra river.
 Sierżniki [ɕerʐˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Chąśno 8 km (5 mi) north of Łowicz and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Samadabad (Persian: صمداباد‎ also Romanized as Şamadābād) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 10 families.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 409 in 106 families.
 Borovinići (Cyrillic: Боровинићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Celine is a village in Međimurje County Croatia.The village is administratively part of the Podturen municipality. It is located around 10 kilometres from the centre of Čakovec the county seat of Međimurje County with the closest villages including Sivica and Ferketinec.
 Krakovec is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 08km² and as of 2010 it had a population of 72. Village dominated by the ruins of a medieval castle Krakovec where before his departure for Konstanz stayed Czech reformer Jan Hus.
 Łozy [ˈwɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 thumbnilhttp://www.panoramio.com/photo/26714680Kadaplamattom is a small village near Palai Kottayam District Kerala India. It is a largely agrarian community with most of the population having agricultural roles within it. The main crops produced are rubber coconut plantain pepper and ginger.St. Mary’s Church Kadaplamattom Diocese of PalaiLocated in the backdrop of the idyllic charms of Kidangoor and Elackadu villages in Kottayam district St.
 Shahrak-e Kalateh-ye Sheikh Ali (Persian: شهرك كلاته شيخ علي‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Kalāteh-ye Sheykh ʿAlī) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 44 families.
 Duły [ˈduwɨ] (German: Dullen variants Duen Duhn Dulken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Olecko and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Vlaole is a village in the municipality of Majdanpek Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 767 people.
 Bahramabad (Persian: بهرام اباد‎ also Romanized as Bahrāmābād) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 21 families.
 Czaplice [t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ] (German: Neu Zapplin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Karnice 15 km (9 mi) north of Gryfice and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mowtowr-e Hoseyn Khurshidi (Persian: موتورحسين خورشيدي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩoseyn Khūrshīdī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 22 families.
 Avijan (Persian: اويجان‎ also Romanized as Āvījān; also known as Āb Jūb) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 50 families.
 Aljava is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Perrysville is a village in Ashland County Ohio United States. The population was 735 at the 2010 census. The area was first permanently settled in 1810 but the village was not laid out until 1812.
 Tashar (Persian: تشار‎ also Romanized as Tashār) is a village in Sirvan Rural District Nowsud District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 75 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Emamzadeh Ahmad Ali Pichkan (Persian: مزرعه امامزاده احمدعلي پيچكان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Emāmzādeh Aḩmad ‘Alī Pīchkān; also known as Emāmzādeh and Emāmzādeh Ahmad ‘Alī) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Balı is a village in the District of Kıbrısçık Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 27 people.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 997 in 224 families.
 Piskorczyn [piˈskɔrt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Rypin and 43 km (27 mi) east of Toruń. The village has population of 128.
 Glen Echo Park is a village in St. Louis County Missouri United States. The population was 160 at the 2010 census.
 Papung is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1529 people living in 284 individual households.
 Tombi (Persian: تمبي‎ also Romanized as Tombī) is a village in Alqchin Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 427 in 85 families.
 Gazan (Persian: گزان‎ also Romanized as Gazān) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Zakrzewek [zaˈkʂɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kabhrechaur is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4097 people living in 669 individual households.
 Deh-e Davai (Persian: ده دعوايي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Da‘vā’ī and Deh Da‘vā’ī; also known as Da‘vā’ī and Davā’ī) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Hammamlu-e Pain (Persian: حماملو پايين‎ also Romanized as Ḩammāmlū-e Pā’īn and Ḩammāmlū-e Pāeen) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 21 families.
 Bereket is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 374 people.
 Dziadoszyce [d͡ʑadɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (formerly German Döringau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kożuchów 10 km (6 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 47.
 Yakkeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Majdan Mały [ˈmai̯dan ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnobród within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Krasnobród 21 km (13 mi) south of Zamość and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ghuraba was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 War on May 28 1948 by the Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 22 km northeast of Safad.In 1945 it had a population of 220.
 Brzeście [ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Sławno and 174 km (108 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 208.
 Bursuceni is a commune in Sîngerei district Moldova. It is composed of two villages Bursuceni and Slobozia-Măgura.
 Kasan (Persian: كاسان‎ also Romanized as Kāsān; also known as Kaskan) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 696 in 184 families.
 Zielątkowo [ʑelɔntˈkɔvɔ] (German: Treskowhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Las within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Suchy Las and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Talikkottai is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Ab Hendu (Persian: ابهندو‎ also Romanized as Āb Hendū Ab Hendoo and Ābhendū; also known as Āb-e Hendī Āb Hadīr Āb Hendī and Āb-i-Hindi) is a village in Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 44 families.
 Williamsburg is a village in Clermont County Ohio United States. The population was 2490 at the 2010 census.
 Darawan is a village in Bhogpur. Bhogpur is a city in the district Jalandhar of Indian state of Punjab.
 Leśnianki [lɛɕˈɲanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rojewo 14 km (9 mi) north of Inowrocław 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Toruń and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 63.
 Bhairab Nath is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3275 and had 613 houses in the village.
 Linów [ˈlinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Zawichost 21 km (13 mi) north of Sandomierz and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 690.
 Bagh-e Mohammad Ali (Persian: باغ محمدعلي‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Moḩammad ‘Alī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 80 families.
 Kalika is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4688 persons living in 949 individual households.Thulakot Chitrakot are the historically important places of Kalika VDC.
 Cherken (Persian: چركن‎; also known as Cherkīn) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 30 families.
 Tut Aghaj (Persian: توت اغاج‎ also Romanized as Tūt Āghāj; also known as Tut-agach) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 237 in 38 families.
 Damdari-ye Baradaran Jomali (Persian: دامداري برادران جمالي‎ also Romanized as Dāmdārī-ye Barādarān Jomālī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1296 in 351 families.
 Aimogasta is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Naszczowice [naʂt͡ʂɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (also Naszacowice) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Nowy Sącz and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.Naszczowice is one of the oldest villages of the region. Its name probably comes from a man named Nosacz and in the oldest preserved documents from 1233 it was spelled Nossaczouicy.
 Motyl [ˈmɔtɨl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Gostycyn 20 km (12 mi) south of Tuchola and 37 km (23 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 106.
 Hucina [xuˈt͡ɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niwiska within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Niwiska 10 km (6 mi) west of Kolbuszowa and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 426.
 Ušanovići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Miangaskar (Persian: ميان گسكر‎ also Romanized as Mīāngaskar and Meyān Gaskar) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 94 families.
 Parothumneer is a small village near Cherupuzha Kannur district Kerala India. It is located 40 km from Payyanur. The name Parothumneer originated from a natural spring under the tree called Paroth. It is also famous for the Theyyam in Shree Vishnumurthy Temple each year.[citation needed]
 Sothayan is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3004 people living in 539 individual households.
 Angola includes both a quaint village and a beach community in Erie County New York United States. Located on the shores of Lake Erie the area is located about 30 miles south of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.As of the 2010 Census Angola had 2127 permanent residents 95% of which report being white with a median age of 39.4-other residents are seasonal and are not captured by the census information.
 Ammaiyappan is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Witkowice [vitkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęty within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Kęty 16 km (10 mi) south of Oświęcim and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2136.
 Bala Deza (Persian: بالادزا‎ also Romanized as Bālā Dezā) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5998 in 1560 families.
 Tazehabad-e Bidgoli (Persian: تازه ابادبيدگلي‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Bīdgolī; also known as Bīdgol-e ‘Olyā and Tāzehābād-e Bīdgol) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Rudehen District Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 40 families.
 Gorłówko [ɡɔrˈwufkɔ] (German: Gorlowken; 1938-1945: Gorlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stare Juchy 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Ełk and 115 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mezerj (Persian: مزرج‎ also Romanized as Mazerj; also known as Mazrag) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3704 in 873 families.
 Brzozowa Gać [bʐɔˈzɔva ˈɡat͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) east of Puławy and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 580.
 Bołtryki [bɔu̯ˈtrɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Trkusów [ˈtrkusuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Skalmierzyce 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tang-e Kamadar-e Ab Kenaru (Persian: تنگ كمدراب كنارو‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Kamadar-e Āb Kenārū) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Masur is a small town in the Satara district of Maharashtra in India. It is located between Satara and Karad seven kilometers off National Highway No. 4. Masur is located at a distance of 15 km from Karad. The nearest railway station is about 2 km away. It has a population of about 16000. It is a famous picnic spot. It is notable as the site of one of the eleven temples built by the Hindu saint Ramdas.
 Orutaguse is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Królewo Malborskie [kruˈlɛvɔ malˈbɔrskʲɛ] (German: Königsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Stare Pole 6 km (4 mi) east of Malbork and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Ratva is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Goląsza Górna [ɡɔˈlɔ̃ʂa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Psary 10 km (6 mi) north of Będzin and 21 km (13 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Genzerig (Persian: گنزريگ‎ also Romanized as Genzerīg; also known as Ganīzī Zīrīk Ganzerīk Ganzrīk and Genzerīk) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 14 families.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 950 in 256 families.
 Chah-e Zini Ha (Persian: چاه زيني ها‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Zīnī Hā) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 23 families.
 Niedźwiadek [ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjadɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Linia 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Farid Abad (Sindhi: فريد آباد )is a village in Taluka Bakrani Larkana Sindh Pakistan. It is situated at distance of 12 km in south-east of Larkana city and 3 km in east of Bakrani town on the left bank of Dadu Canal.
 Mõisaküla Pärnu County is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Harangala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Żalinowo [ʐaliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Inowrocław 43 km (27 mi) south-west of Toruń and 43 km (27 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Nowy Borowiec [ˈnɔvɨ bɔˈrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-west of Konin and 87 km (54 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 10.
 Nahr-e Gabin-e Sofla (Persian: نهرگبين سفلي‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Gabīn-e Soflá; also known as Nahr-e Gabīn) is a village in Abshar Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 25 families.
 Sirkeli Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tazeh Kand (Persian: تازه كند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand; also known as Mokhtār Kandī Qarah Tūlkī-ye Tāzehkand and Qareh Tūlkī) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Tømmerneset is a village in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. It's located on the eastern shore of the lake Rotvatnet about 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of the municipal centre Oppeid. Tømmerneset is the site of Tømmernes Church. The village area is located where County Road 835 (and the Steigen Tunnel) branches off from the European Road E6 highway.
 Kilakurichy is a village in Tiruchirappalli taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Dębno [ˈdɛmbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 800.
 Kłyżów [ˈkwɨʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica within Stalowa Wola County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 1300.
 Chruślanki Józefowskie [xruˈɕlanki juzɛˈfɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Opole Lubelskie and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Luszowice [luʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Chrzanów and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1800.
 Tibbotugoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Grou (Dutch: Grouw) is a town in Boarnsterhim in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 5737 citizens (2007).The town is located on the Pikmeer lake and the Prinses Margrietkanaal.Heineken operated a distribution centre for Friesland in Grou for 25 years until 2004.It used to be the capital of municipality of Idaarderadeel before the reorganization of municipalities in 1984.Grou celebrates Sint Piter as a holiday on February 22 which differs from most of the Netherlands.A nickname for the town is Tsiisferdûnsers meaning cheese dancers from a story where a fiddler was paid with cheese at a village dance.
 Kolonia Nowogródek Pomorski [kɔˈlɔɲa nɔvɔˈɡrudɛk pɔˈmɔrski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mezeköy Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 351 people.
 Potok is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Drężno [ˈdrɛ̃ʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Moamereh (Persian: معامره‎ also Romanized as Moʿāmereh) is a village in Jaffal Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 582 in 86 families.
 Nowy Boguszyn [ˈnɔvɨ bɔˈɡuʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Deh Now (Persian: ده نو‎) is a village in Mazinan Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 25 families.
 Wandowo [vanˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) west of Czersk 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 91 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kottukkal is a village in Kollam district of Kerala India. The historical importance of the village is linked to Kottukal cave temple built before 800 CE. The village comes under Ittiva panchayath and it is the most prominent town in this panchayath. The village has many libraries and Safder Hashmi library Melakkadu is one of the notable one among them.
 Nõmme Laimjala Parish is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Zembry [ˈzɛmbrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Łuków and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kępy Lubczyńskie [ˈkɛmpɨ lupˈt͡ʂɨɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Goleniów and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kenar Marg (Persian: كنارمرگ‎ also Romanized as Kenār Marg and Kenār Merreg) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 35 families.
 Allahabad (Persian: اله اباد‎ also Romanized as Allāhābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 67 families.
 Tutoran Dap (Persian: توتراندپ‎ also Romanized as Tūtorān Dap; also known as Tūtorān Tūtrūn and Tūţūrān) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 8 families.
 Wólka Łamana [ˈvulka waˈmana] (Ukrainian: Вілька Ламана Vil’ka Lamana) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuryłówka within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kuryłówka 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Leżajsk and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 210.
 Somokluy-e Sofla (Persian: سمكلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Somoklūy-e Soflá; also known as Somoklū Somoklū-ye Soflá and Sūmīlkū) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 20 families.
 Nowy Folwark [ˈnɔvɨ ˈfɔlvark] (German Vorwerk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Stary Dzierzgoń 29 km (18 mi) east of Sztum and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Šišince is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 639 people.
 Setan (Persian: ستن‎; also known as Sūtanī and Syutany) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 58 families. This is a significant drop as compared to the population of the village in early 1960s which was 340.
 Kalska Wola [ˈkalska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Czarnocin 19 km (12 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kheyrabad-e Seyf Laleh (Persian: خيرابادسيف لله‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e Seyf Laleh; also known as Kheyrābād Kheyrābād-e Bālā and Kheyrābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Zdroje [ˈzdrɔjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Buruk is a village in the Sarıçam Adana Province Turkey.
 Chah-e Namakzar (Persian: چاه نمكزار‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Namakzār; also known as Chāh Namakzār and Chāh Namazkār) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 20 families.
 Tambaga is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 10 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 11152.
 Kuik-e Mahmud (Persian: كوئيك محمود‎ also Romanized as Kū’īk-e Maḩmūd; also known as Kūyakī-ye Maḩmūd) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 36 families.
 Monticello is a village in Lewis County Missouri United States along the North Fabius River. The population was 98 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Lewis County. According to the 2010 UC census Monticello is the county seat with the smallest population in the State of Missouri. The town is named in honor of President Thomas Jefferson's estate in Virginia. Monticello is part of the Quincy IL–MO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Pärsama is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Jan Mirza (Persian: جان ميرزا‎ also Romanized as Jān Mīrzā) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 28 families.
 For the hamlet in New York see Loudonville New York.Loudonville is a village in Ashland and Holmes counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 2641 at the 2010 census. Loudonville is nicknamed the Canoe Capital of Ohio for the many canoe liveries along the Mohican River. It is also home to Mohican State Park and Mohican-Memorial State Forest and Landoll's Mohican Castle.
 Stuczanka [stuˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Półwsie [ˈpuu̯fɕe] (German: Halbendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) south of Bolków 18 km (11 mi) south of Jawor and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław. The village has a population of 60.
 Nożyczyn [nɔˈʐɨt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Jeziora Wielkie 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Mogilno 62 km (39 mi) south of Toruń and 69 km (43 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Gol Mey-e Bala (Persian: گلمي بالا‎ also Romanized as Gol Mey-e Bālā) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 12 families.
 Wygnanowice [vɨɡnanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybczewice within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rybczewice 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Świdnik and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dębina [dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rusiec 28 km (17 mi) west of Bełchatów and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Veelerveen (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌveːlərˈveːn]) is a linear village in the municipality of Bellingwedde in the Netherlands. It has a population of 590 and a total area of 430 ha (1.7 sq mi).At the centre of the village the canals Ruiten-Aa-kanaal Mussel-Aa-kanaal and B.L. Tijdenskanaal come together and the three-way bridge Noabers Badde connects the canal banks.Nieman's Mill (Gronings: Niemans Meuln) is a smock mill that was built in 1916.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Husainābād) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 7 families.
 Sufian (Persian: صوفيان‎ also Romanized as Şūfīān and Şūfīyān) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1468 in 267 families.
 Birtadeurali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2648 and had 474 houses in it.
 Mahmudabad-e Borumand (Persian: محمودابادبرومند‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Borūmand; also known as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 59 families.
 Shahrak-e Tang-e Hana (Persian: شهرك تنگ حنا‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Tang-e Ḩanā; also known as Tang-e Ḩanā and Tang Ḩanā) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 494 in 112 families.
 Tahrui (Persian: طاهرويي‎ also Romanized as Ţāhrū’ī and Ţāherū’ī; also known as Ţāherānī Ţāherū Tarū and Turu) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 65 families.
 Abil (Arabic: آبل‎ also spelled Abel or Aabel) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located 10 kilometers south of Homs. Nearby localities include al-Nuqayrah and Kafr Aya to the north Maskanah to the northeast Judaydat al-Sharqiyah to the east Shinshar to the southeast Damina al-Sharqiyah to the south al-Buwaydah al-Sharqiyah to the southwest and Qattinah to the west.
 Makovište is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 893 people.
 Kurów Mały [ˈkuruf ˈmawɨ] (German: Klein Kauer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) east of Jerzmanowa 7 km (4 mi) south of Głogów and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 80.
 Simino Brdo is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 244 people.
 Dasht-e Deh (Persian: دشت ده‎ also Romanized as Dasht Deh) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 74 families.
 Gushan-e Bala (Persian: گوشان بالا‎ also Romanized as Gūshān-e Bālā; also known as Gūshān) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 8 families.
 Farwell is a village in Howard County Nebraska United States. The population was 122 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Grand Island Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Ilanjiq (Persian: ايلانجيق‎ also Romanized as Īlānjīq; also known as Īlānjoq) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 68 families.
 Gazbar (Persian: گازبر‎ also Romanized as Gāzbar) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Urovica is a village in the municipality of Negotin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1191 people.
 Lisa Młyn [ˈlisa ˈmwɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kazemabad (Persian: كاظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Kāẓemābād) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Deheshk (Persian: دهشك‎ also Romanized as Dehishk) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1264 in 367 families.
 Arabi (Persian: ارابي‎ also Romanized as Ārābī) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District in the Central District of Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 747 in 130 families.
 Dun Sar (Persian: دون سر‎ also Romanized as Dūn Sar; also known as Dūneh Sar) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1776 in 456 families.
 Simiareh (Persian: سيمياره‎ also Romanized as Sīmīāreh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 19 families.
 Mesen (Persian: مسن‎ also Romanized as Masen; also known as Mesīn and Misin) is a village in Armand Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1126 in 231 families.
 Scoreni is a commune located in Străşeni district Moldova composed of a single village Scoreni. It neighbors the following communities: Cojuşna Căpriana from Străşeni Condriţa Truşeni suburbs of Chişinău County (Chişinău) and Străşeni. Scoreni is famous because of its well-developed barrel crafting industry. Scoreni is known as a good starting point for hiking excursions because it is surrounded by woods and various other landscape features.
 Żdżarka [ˈʐd͡ʐarka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Hańsk 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Wierzbica [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sokule [sɔˈkulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wiskitki 5 km (3 mi) west of Żyrardów and 47 km (29 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Darnowiec [darˈnɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychtal within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Rychtal 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Kępno and 151 km (94 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Połazie [pɔˈwaʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Balgarska Polyana (Bulgarian: Българска Поляна)is a village in the municipality of Topolovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Hoseynabad-e Shafi Pur (Persian: حسين ابادشفيع پور‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād–e Shafī‘ Pūr; also known as Ḩoseynābād and ’oseynābād) is a village in Garizat Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 260 in 70 families.
 Zavarak (Persian: زوارك‎ also Romanized as Zavārak) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 97 families.
 Peetrimõisa is a village in Kanepi Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Camilimanda is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains between Çukurova motorway and state road D.400. . The distance to Tarsus is 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) and the distance to Mersin is 43 kilometres (27 mi). The population of Camilimanda is 327 as of 2011.
 Isavli (Persian: عيسولي‎ also Romanized as ‘Īsavlī; also known as Asavaleh Āsīab Esāveleh Īsauleh Īsowleh and ‘Īsūleh) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 52 families.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Vechin (Persian: وچين‎ also Romanized as Vechīn; also known as Viachin and Vyachin) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 26 families.
 Gari Guri (Persian: گري گوري‎ also Romanized as Garī Gūrī) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Grzybno [ˈɡʐɨbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sławno and 172 km (107 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Grabonóg [ɡraˈbɔnuk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Piaski 3 km (2 mi) east of Gostyń and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 535.
 Nivar-e Olya (Persian: نيوارعليا‎ also Romanized as Nīvār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Nīvār and Nīvār-e Bālā) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 32 families.
 Kolik (Persian: كليك‎ also Romanized as Kolīk) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 27 families.
 Zardeh Kamar (Persian: زرده كمر‎; also known as Sard Qamar Zard-ī-Qamar and Zard Kamar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 52 families.
 Qaleh Barun (Persian: قلعه برون‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Barūn and Qal‘eh Berūn; also known as Ghal‘eh Baran Qal’eh Barān Qal‘eh Barān and Qal‘eh Berān) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 60 families.
 Ubajay is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Egriqash (Persian: اگريقاش‎ also Romanized as Egrīqāsh; also known as Garīfāsh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2911 in 578 families.
 Półrzeczki [puu̯ˈʐɛt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dobra 15 km (9 mi) west of Limanowa and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Çamyayla is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 550 people.
 Szczotkowice [ʂt͡ʂɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Działoszyce 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Deh-e Kan (Persian: دهكن‎) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 25 families.
 Sathambadi is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Patoki Małe [paˈtɔki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Marevo (Cyrillic: Марево) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kalikavu is a small town in Nilambur taluk of Malappuram district in Kerala state South India. Like the neighbouring town of Nilambur Kalikavu is also known for rubber plantation. Coconut pepper arecanut and teak are also cultivated here.The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (69 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. Regular bus services operate between Kalikavu and cities such as Manjeri Palakkad Thrissur and Kozhikode.
 Kard (Armenian: Կարդ also Romanized as Kart’; formerly Gyard Gyrad Gyard Nerk’in Gyart’ Kard Nerk’in Girt’ K’irt’ and K’art’i) is a village in the rural community of Geghi Syunik Province Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported it was uninhabited at the 2001 census.
 Pavanje or Pawanje is a village in South Canara district of Karnataka state India. It is sited on the north bank of the Pavanje River adjoining national highway 17 between Udupi and Mangalore.Pavanje lies to south of Haleangadi. The Arabian sea is on west of this village. The village has lush green paddy fields and coconut plantations.The significance of this place is that it houses the entire family of Lord Shiva.
 Cheshmeh Rizak-e Shabliz (Persian: چشمه ريزك شبليز‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rīzak-e Shablīz) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Zduny [ˈzdunɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Świedziebnia 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Brodnica and 64 km (40 mi) east of Toruń.
 Lisabad (Persian: ليس اباد‎ also Romanized as Līsābād) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 12 families.
 Varakeh Rud (Persian: وركه رود‎ also Romanized as Varakeh Rūd Varakah Rūd Varaka Rood Varakā Rūd Varakrūd Varkrūd Warakāru and Warakārūd) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District Ziaabad District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 48 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Rashid Farkhi (Persian: تلمبه رشيدفرخي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rashīd Farkhī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 12 families.
 Rowshan Farms (Persian: مرغدارئ روشن‎ – Marghdāri Rowshan) is a village in Narjeh Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Srima is a village in Croatia.
 Kozakowice (German: Kosakowitz) is a village in Gmina Goleszów Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland close to the border with the Czech Republic. It has a population of about 600. It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.The village was first mentioned in a Latin document of Diocese of Wrocław called Liber fundationis episcopatus Vratislaviensis from around 1305 as Goschegowitz.
 Khopyin is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Hadda' is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Odrintsi Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Danforth is a village in Danforth Township Iroquois County Illinois United States. The population was 587 at the 2000 census.
 Słoneczna [swɔˈnɛt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Śladków Mały [ˈɕlatkuf ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Chmielnik and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 460.
 Bon Dow (Persian: بندو‎ also Romanized as Bondow) is a village in Asir Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Latoszyn [laˈtɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Dębica and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1700.
 Mohammadiyeh (Persian: محمديه‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadīyeh) is a village in Fahraj Rural District in the Central District of Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 50 families.
 Kakkarakottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.Kakkaraikkottai is a village of Orathanadu taluk; the area is about 10 km2 and population is about 5000. This panchayath contains three villages: Kakkaraikkottai west Kakkaraikkottai east and Vadakkunaththam respectively. The village is bordered by Thekkur in the west Pinnayur in the east Vadakkikottai in north and Karukkadipatti in the southThere is one small river running through the village.
 Amirabad Zahedan (Persian: امیرآباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1218 in 283 families.
 Wiosna [ˈvjɔsna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krzykosy 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kehidakustány is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Petrijevo is a village in the municipality of Smederevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1093 people.
 Makhvoshin (Persian: ماخوشين‎ also Romanized as Mākhvoshīn and Mākhūshīn) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 49 families.
 Grabowiec [ɡraˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szamotuły and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Murgod is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Saundatti taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.It is situated 491 km from our capital city Bangalore and 54 km from district headquarters Belagavi.
 Pększyn [ˈpɛŋkʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Çavuşköy is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 131 people.
 Podzamcze [pɔˈd͡zamt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Nowy Korczyn 21 km (13 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 120.
 Heggem (or Osmarka) is a village in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of Torvikbukt and about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of Angvik. The Osmarka Chapel is located here. The village has a good view of the mountain Reinsfjellet located to the northeast.
 Badinabad-e Mangur (Persian: بادين ابادمنگور‎ also Romanized as Bādīnābād-e Mangūr) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 15 families.
 Szlasy-Mieszki [ˈʂlasɨ ˈmjɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Neudorf is a village located in the south east corner of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. Situated on Highway 22 east of Lemberg and Abernethy and west of Killaly.The town was established prior to the arrival of the Canadian Pacific Railway; when it arrived the town was designated a divisional point leading to a population boom.
 Turquzabad (Persian: تورقوزاباد‎ also Romanized as Ţūrqūzābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2803 in 669 families.
 Kopnica [kɔpˈnit͡sa] (formerly German Köpnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Darłowo 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Sławno and 171 km (106 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Jakubowice [jakubɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Ożarów 18 km (11 mi) east of Opatów and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 320.
 Roqbaghal (Persian: رق بغل‎) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 27 families.
 Haft Cheshmeh-ye Jahanshah (Persian: هفت چشمه جهانشاه‎ also Romanized as Haft Cheshmeh-ye Jahānshāh; also known as Jahānshāh) is a village in Gowavar Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 38 families.
 Donbildan (Persian: دنبيلدان‎ also Romanized as Donbīldān) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 14 families.
 Trzebiesławice [tʂɛbjɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Łoniów 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 Komorniki [kɔmɔrˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Viira is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Chwałów [ˈxfawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Żerków 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chauthe is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2759 living in 515 individual households.
 Mazraeh-ye Shadi (Persian: مزرعه شادي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shādī Mazr‘eh Shadi and Mazra‘eh Shādī; also known as Mazra Mazra‘eh and Mezrez) is a village in Sina Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 110 families.
 Kaşobası is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Band Bast-e Bala (Persian: بندبست بالا‎ also Romanized as Band Bast-e Bālā; also known as Band Bast) is a village in Harm Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 Jałówka [jaˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Chah Chul (Persian: چاه چول‎ also Romanized as Chāh Chūl) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 14 families.
 Zeydi (Persian: زيدي‎ also Romanized as Zeydī) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Bard Tahdeh Seyyed Khosrow (Persian: بردتحده سيدخسرو‎ also Romanized as Bard Taḥdeh Seyyed Khosrow) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Wellington is a village in Lorain County Ohio United States. The population was 4802 at the 2010 census.
 Ohulepa is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Byalgradets is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Podgajci Podravski is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D34 highway.
 Shahrabad (Persian: شهراباد‎ also Romanized as Shahrābād) is a village in Khorrami Rural District in the Central District of Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hameh Kasi (Persian: همه كسي‎ also Romanized as Hameh Kasī; also known as Hamakasi and Hamehkasi Shara) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 905 in 200 families.
 Jaksonek [jakˈsɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Aleksandrów 21 km (13 mi) east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 180.
 Butler Bay is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Taqab (Persian: تقاب‎ also Romanized as Taqāb and Tāghāb; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 920 in 256 families.
 Mamraz Koti (Persian: ممرزكتي‎ also Romanized as Mamraz Kotī) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 69 families.
 Khulak (Persian: خولك‎ also Romanized as Khūlak) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 23 families.
 Deh Nadam (Persian: ده ندام‎ also Romanized as Deh Nadām; also known as Kalāb-e Nāzīl) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 43 families.
 Nuwara Eliya Town is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Evergreen Park is a village in Cook County Illinois United States. The population was 19852 at the 2010 census.
 Farrash Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: فراشكلاسفلي‎ also Romanized as Farrāsh Kolā-ye Soflá; also known as Farrāsh Kolā and Farrāsh Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kalej Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 73 families.
 Izgrev is a village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated in the foothills of Rila mountain 1 kilometer southeast of Blagoevgrad. The village was created in 1963 and named Aidarovo. The name was changed to Izgrev in 1987.
 Roge is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 424 people.
 Yeşilburç (former Teney) is a village in Niğde Province Turkey.
 Qanbar Mahalleh (Persian: قنبرمحله‎ also Romanized as Qanbar Maḩalleh) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 867 in 196 families.
 Shahrak-e Alzahra (Persian: شهرك الزهرا‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Alzahrā and Shahrak az Zahrā) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1549 in 345 families.
 Darreh-ye Kuh Surag (Persian: دره کوه سورگ‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Kūh Sūrag) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Dašnica (Serbian: Дашница) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 115 people.
 Mikołajów [mikɔˈwajuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Czarnocin 9 km (6 mi) east of Kazimierza Wielka and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Batinjani is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D34 highway.
 Čičinai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the town has a population of 314 people. Village is near to Neris river.
 Buinak (Persian: بويينك‎ also Romanized as Bū’īnak and Būynak) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 844 in 199 families.
 Joachimów [jɔaˈximuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Siedlce and 94 km (58 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 97.
 Ownia [ˈɔvɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Ryki and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.<3
 Prćenova is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Masumabad (Persian: معصوم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ma‘şūmābād; also known as Shāh ‘Enāyat Shahīd Sargord Ma‘şūmī and Shah ‘Ināyat) is a village in Sardshir Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 126 families.
 Koturovi (Serbian: Котурови) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Judyty [juˈdɨtɨ] (German: Judittenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Konow (Persian: كنو‎) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 409 in 91 families.
 Ifrane Atlas-Saghir or Ifrane Anti-Atlas (Arabic: إفران الأطلس الصغير‎ also known as Oufrane) is a village and commune in southern Morocco populated by some 12000 inhabitants.Ifrane Atlas-Saghir was home to a 2000 year-old Jewish population; today an important Jewish pilgrimage site is located there.
 Dąbek [ˈdɔmbɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Troszyn 15 km (9 mi) east of Ostrołęka and 105 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Cichobórz [t͡ɕiˈxɔbuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Prochowice 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Legnica and 47 kilometres (29 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Aznab-e Olya (Persian: ازناب عليا‎ also Romanized as Aznāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 19 families.
 Voshkin (Persian: وشكين‎ also Romanized as Voshkīn Voshgīn and Vīshgīn) is a village in Chendar Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād; also known as Shamshābād) is a village in Taqanak Rural District in the Central District of Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2456 in 641 families.
 Dargah-e Sheykhan (Persian: درگاه شيخان‎ also Romanized as Dargāh-e Sheykhān and Dargāh-e Shaykhān) is a village in Buin Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 22 families.
 Liszki [ˈliʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rychliki 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 30.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 904 in 189 families.
 Barvish Kani (Persian: برويشكاني‎ also Romanized as Barvīsh Kānī; also known as Baresh Kānī Barvishkani Pahlavi Dezh Berūshkānī Berūyashkānī Birvesh Kāni and Dirvesh Kani) is a village in Nanur Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 23 families.
 Bijelo Brdo (Serbian: Бијело Брдо) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Adaran (Persian: ادران‎ also Romanized as Ādarān and Adrān) is a village in Adaran Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 581 in 192 families.
 Cebara is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Qurul-e Sofla (Persian: قورول سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qūrūl-e Soflá; also known as Qūrūl-e Pā'īn) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 51 families.
 Stefanowo [stɛfaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Now; also known as Dehnow Izad Khast) is a village in Dowbaran Rural District in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1940 in 420 families.
 Havang (Persian: هاونگ‎ also Romanized as Hāvang) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karajage is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Bojnikovec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D41 highway.
 Kariz Khaneh (Persian: كاريزخانه‎ also Romanized as Kārīz Khāneh; also known as Kārīz Khān (Persian: كاريزخان) Shāzdeh (Persian: شازده) and Qal‘eh Kārīz) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 32 families.
 Tadenje is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Kramarzewo [kramaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Działdowo and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 375.
 Lima Chal (Persian: ليماچال‎ also Romanized as Līmā Chāl) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 19 families.
 Jackowo Dolne [jat͡sˈkɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Somianka 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Wyszków and 36 km (22 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Chah-e Shomareh-ye Do Barkeh (Persian: چاه شماره 2بركه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh-ye Do Barkeh) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Viscount Saskatchewan is a village in the rural municipality of Viscount No. 341 Saskatchewan in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. Viscount is located on Saskatchewan Highway 16 the Yellowhead in central Saskatchewan. Viscount post office first opened in 1908 at the legal land description of Sec.29 Twp.34 R.26 W2 . Viscount is located east of Colonsay and west of Lanigan
 Rzędziwojowice [ʐɛnd͡ʑivɔjɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Koźminiec [kɔʑˈmiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dobrzyca 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Pleszew and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gulni (officially 'Madhopur Sakin Gulni'[citation needed]) is a village in the heart of the State of Bihar India. It is surrounded by rivers from south and the north. It is 4 kilometre south of Hilsa Bihar in Nalanda district of Republic of India. It produces crops worth approx $1 million every year primarily rice wheat potato and livestock.
 Pietrowice Małe [pjɛtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Bijaguppi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Beynabad (Persian: بين اباد‎ also Romanized as Beynābād and Bein Abad) is a village in Garizat Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 13 families.
 Teikhang is a village of Champhai district Mizoram India.--Isak 18:39 12 November 2012 (UTC)Teikhang a hilly village surrounded by various flora and fauna and inhabited by more than 300 houses has a moderate climate throughout the year.
 Mowtowr-e Ashayir Hadi (Persian: موتورعشايرهادي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīr Hādī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Sewerynówka [sɛvɛrɨˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village was featured in the 3rd season of The Simpsons.
 Deh Darbeh (Persian: ده دربه‎) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Chaleh (Persian: چاله‎ also Romanized as Chāleh; also known as Chāla) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 66 families.
 Payindaung is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Hajji Qelich (Persian: حاجي قليچ‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Qelīch; also known as Ḩājīqelīch) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 36 families.
 Skoganvarre (Northern Sami: Skuvvanvárri) is a village in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located along the Lakselva river and the European route E06 highway about half-way between the villages of Lakselv and Karasjok. The lake Gákkajávri lies just east of the village. The village is an old settlement located on old roads crossing Finnmark. The Skoganvarre Chapel is located in the village.
 Hendelan (Persian: هندلان‎ also Romanized as Hendelān) is a village in Kandovan Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 57 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jabłoń-Zambrowizna [ˈjabwɔɲ zambrɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Louňovice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Lakterashan (Persian: لاكتراشان‎ also Romanized as Lākterāshān and Lāk Tarāshān) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 44 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Gorgiabad (Persian: مزرعه گرگي آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gorgīābād) is a village in Rigestan Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khakian (Persian: خاكيان‎ also Romanized as Khākīān) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 84 families.
 Židovice (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Jičín and 68 kilometres (42 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 3.32 square kilometres (1.28 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 119.First written notice about the village is from year 1361.
 Qasabeh (Persian: قصبه‎ also Romanized as Qaşabeh) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 16 families.
 Firuzabad-e Bala (Persian: فيروز آباد بالا‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād-e Bālā and Fīrūzābād Bālā; also known as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Forumad Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 31 families.
 Obidim (Bulgarian: Обидим) is a village (село) in southwestern Bulgaria located in the Bansko Municipality of the Blagoevgrad Province in Pirin mountain 15 kilometers southeast of Bansko and 52 km southeast of Blagoevgrad.As of 2006 it has 141 inhabitants. The village was founded in the 14th century. During the Ottoman rule the local population strongly preserved the Bulgarian patriotic spirit and as a result the village was burned down in 1903 and 1912 when it was finally liberated.
 Szarocin [ʂaˈrɔt͡ɕin] (German: Pfaffendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Kamienna Góra and 88 kilometres (55 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sagamore Beach is a village of Bourne Massachusetts fronting Cape Cod Bay and the east end of the Cape Cod Canal. It occupies the northern half of the Sagamore census-designated place. Along with Buzzards Bay and Bournedale it is one of only three communities in Barnstable County that are north of the Cape Cod Canal.Sagamore Beach is a largely a residential area with a small commercial district near the Sagamore Bridge and Massachusetts Route 3A.
 Richmond is a village in Jefferson County Ohio United States. The population was 481 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.During Morgan's Raid of 1863 Confederate Brid. Gen. John Hunt Morgan traveled through the Moorefield Harrisville New Athens Smithfield New Alexandria Wintersville Two Ridge Richmond East Springfield Bergholz and Monroeville on his way to defeat at the Battle of Salineville.
 Metiwalatenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Karobouarou is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located north-east of Parakou city centre.
 Karoda is located at . Karoda is a gram panchayat of Behror Tehsil. Karoda situated on State Highway No-14 Near By Barrod Village.The village have approximately 4100 population in 2011 census. Literacy is proximately 80%.
 Madzhari is a village in Stambolovo Municipality in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Heshmatabad (Persian: حشمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeshmatābād) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 21 families.
 Sanankoro Djitoumou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 630 square kilometers and includes 27 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 13382. The village lies 75 km south of the Malian capital Bamako.
 Bahman (Persian: بهمن or بهمان‎ also Romanized as Bahmān) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 48 families.
 Bademli is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Karchegan (Persian: كرچگان‎ also Romanized as Karchegān) is a village in Keraj Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 781 in 179 families.
 Warg (Arabic: ورگ‎) is a village in Farah Province in western Afghanistan.
 Miechy [ˈmjɛxɨ] (German Mniechen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Miłki 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 95 km (59 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tupadly (Mělník District) is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Çaykenarı is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Surahiya is a small village in the Ballia district of Uttar Pradesh India. It is situated near the town of Sahatware at a distance of 3 km. This village is mainly famous for its contributions to independence some people of this village are now called freedom fighters. Uttar tola foolwari paschim tola baswari and many more attracting sites are in the village. Many people were rewarded by huge land area in Nanital at the time of independence.
 Ebrahimabad-e Olya (Persian: ابراهيم آباد عليا‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Meyami Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1022 in 263 families.
 Dolsko [ˈdɔlskɔ] (German: Dölzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moryń within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Moryń 40 km (25 mi) south of Gryfino and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Rozkosz [ˈrɔskɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Nik (Persian: نيك‎ also Romanized as Nīk Nig and Neyk; also known as Neyj and Nik Mo’men Abad) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 57 families.
 Şenköy is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 67 people.
 Polski Izvor is a village in the municipality of Kameno in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Hanadar (Persian: هندر‎ also Romanized as Ḩanādar; also known as Hanahvar) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Süleymanhüyüğü is a village in the District of Gülağaç Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Słup [swup] (German: Schlepstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) east of Braniewo and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 30.
 Kuhikheyl (Persian: كوهي خيل‎ also Romanized as Kūhīkheyl) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 52 families.
 Moasseseh-ye Afshari (Persian: موسسه افشاري‎ also Romanized as Moasseseh-ye Āfshārī) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 26 families.
 Sari Daraq (Persian: ساري درق‎ also Romanized as Sārī Daraq; also known as Sārī Darah) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gapi (Persian: گپي‎ also Romanized as Gapī Gepī and Gappī) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 50 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 13 families.
 Krzewa [ˈkʂɛva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mirzec 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Starachowice and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1277 in 279 families.
 Al-Khreibat (Arabic: الخريبات‎ also spelled Kharibat or Khuraybat) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Tartus Governorate located southeast of Tartus. Nearby localities include Beit Kammun to the south Dibbash to the southeast Tayshur to the east and al-Shaykh Saad to the north. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics al-Khreibat had a population of 1464 in the 2004 census.
 Straište is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kaczkowo [kat͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] (Kaczkowerdorf in German) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.Stanisław Tuczyński sold Kaczkowo Skalmierowice Mierogonowice Jędrzejewo Glinno and Olęndry to Tomasz Przetocki in 1663. In 1670 Przetocki sold the manor of Kaczkowo to Bishop Stanisław Dąmbski (ca. 1638-1700). Dąmbski built a summer palace there.
 Kesb (Persian: كسب‎ also Romanized as Kasb) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1298 in 369 families.
 Chiklu (Persian: چيكلو‎ also Romanized as Chīklū) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Dolany (Kladno District) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jankovec (Macedonian: Јанковец) is a village located in Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia. The people of Jankovec are mostly farmers and own their own farms or plantations. Apple corn wheat and tobacco are generally grown in the region.With a population of 1169 Jankovec is the second-largest settlement in the municipality after Resen.
 The biggest family in peruvanthanam is Naarakathinkattil family aground 2000 members . And 4 mosque and one temple and one church is here most of the people are farmers. One old mango tree is heare called Ponnan mavu. PMA School is here. Village office Punchayat office Gov. Hospital Gov. School are in town.Ashabja N Yusef Peruvanthanam is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Koulgudd is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Owja Kolah (Persian: اوجا كله‎ also Romanized as Owjā Kolah; also known as Owjā Kolā and Ūjā Kolā) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 382 in 113 families.
 Gol Pashin (Persian: گل پاشين‎ also Romanized as Gol Pāshīn; also known as Gol Parchīn) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 69 families.For the prior Assyrian settlement upon which Gol Pashin sits see Gulpashan.
 Dobieszczyzna [dɔbjɛʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Żerków 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zawady Stare [zaˈvadɨ ˈstarɛ] (Old Zawady) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Masjed-e Abu ol Fazl (Persian: مسجدابوالفضل‎ also Romanized as Masjed-e Abū ol Faẕl) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szalonki [ʂaˈlɔŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bagerdan-e Olya (Persian: باگردان عليا‎ also Romanized as Bāgerdān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bāgerdān) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 23 families.
 Koswana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sittankadu (Tamil: சிட்டங்காடு ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Poshteh-ye Samavat (Persian: پشته سماوات‎ also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Samāvāt; also known as Cheshmeh Samāvāt Mashhadī Qāsem-e Samāvāt and Posht Samāvāt) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 22 families.
 Ketpen (Kazakh: Кетпен) is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Radomicko [radɔˈmit͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Lipno 12 km (7 mi) north of Leszno and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 311.
 Pruszków [ˈpruʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Blizanów 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Kalisz and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Meymuneh (Persian: ميمونه‎ also Romanized as Meymūneh and Meimooneh; also known as Eslāmābād Maimanen Maimūn and Meymūn) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1072 in 286 families.
 Skały [ˈskawɨ] (German Skaal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Toszek 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Chollangipeta (Telugu: చొల్లంగిపేట) is a village in Denkada Mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Jaworówko [javɔˈrufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Mieścisko 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Wągrowiec and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bilyabin (Persian: بيليابين‎ also Romanized as Bīlyābīn) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 55 families.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serniki within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Serniki 11 km (7 mi) east of Lubartów and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 250.
 Khalilan-e Sofla (Persian: خليلان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khalīlān-e Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Çifthisar is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Jeyran-e Sofla (Persian: جيران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Jeyrān-e Soflá; also known as Jārīḩān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 15 families.
 Karrab (Persian: كراب‎ also Romanized as Karrāb and Karāb; also known as Garrāb) is a village in Karrab Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 488 in 189 families.
 Senjedak (Persian: سنجدك‎; also known as Senjedābād and Senjedak Bahabad) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Postołowo [pɔstɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Qaleh Kohneh (Persian: قلعه كهنه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kohneh and Qal‘eh-ye Kohneh; also known as Kūhneh and Qal‘eh Kuhneh) is a village in Riz Rural District Riz District Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 78 families.
 Żdanówek [ʐdaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zamość and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Do Alkuh (Persian: دوال كوه‎ also Romanized as Do Ālkūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qir Kandi (Persian: قيركندي‎ also Romanized as Qīr Kandī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 73 families.
 Żerniki [ʐɛrˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Baćkowice 12 km (7 mi) west of Opatów and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 Posen is a village in Cook County Illinois United States. Posen is the German-language name for the western Polish city of Poznań. The population of the village was 5987 at the 2010 census up from 4730 in 2000.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Aleksandrów 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 80.
 Lalgadi Malakpet is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamirpet mandal.
 Dulmure is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Obra Dolna [ˈɔbra ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kargowa within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Graovo is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 277 people.
 Fahad (Persian: فهاد‎ also Romanized as Fahād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wierchomla Mała [vʲɛrˈxɔmla ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piwniczna-Zdrój within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Piwniczna-Zdrój 23 km (14 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Emamiyeh (Persian: اماميه‎ also Romanized as Emāmīyeh) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 39 families.
 Nowdeh-e Hajji Nabi (Persian: نوده حاجي نبي‎ also Romanized as Nowdeh-e Ḩājjī Nabī; also known as Nowdeh and Nowdeh-e Ḩājnabī) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 18 families.
 Vormstad is village in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located along the Orkla River between the villages of Svorkmo and Fannrem. The village of Hoston lies about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) west of Vormstad. The 0.31-square-kilometre (77-acre) village of Vormstad has a population (2009) of 291.
 Studzianna [stuˈd͡ʑanna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Borek Wielkopolski 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Gostyń and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Belina [bɛˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Krasocin 9 km (6 mi) east of Włoszczowa and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 17.
 Pomorska Wieś [pɔˈmɔrska ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Milejewo 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Elbląg and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 280.
 Padali Ranjangaon is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Gotówka [ɡɔˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Stary Sielc [ˈstarɨ ˈɕelt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Rzewnie 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 66 km (41 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 137.
 Polkampalle is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Parigi mandal.
 Yên Hoá is a commune (xã) and village in Minh Hóa District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Dandaneh (Persian: دندانه‎ also Romanized as Dandāneh; also known as Gargāh Jūb Dandāneh and Kargāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 51 families.
 Delpitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Karavelyovo is a village in the municipality of Ruen in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Storkowo [stɔrˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Storkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grzmiąca 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Szczecinek and 132 km (82 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Ilud (Persian: ايلود‎ also Romanized as Īlūd) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1257 in 284 families.
 Różanka-Dwór [ruˈʐanka ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Alencheh (Persian: النچه‎; also known as Alenjeh Alīnjeh Alundzha Alūnjeh and Alunjeh) is a village in Aq Bolagh Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 72 families.
 Sarkan (Persian: سركان‎ also Romanized as Sarkān and Serkān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 18 families.
 Fajr (Persian: فجر‎) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1319 in 288 families.
 Jodłownik [jɔdˈwɔvnik] (German: Tannenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Dzierżoniów and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 474.
 Pavići (Cyrillic: Павићи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lipy [ˈlipɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Stara Kiszewa 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 172.
 McBride is a village in Montcalm County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 205 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Day Township. The post office for the village with ZIP code 48852 is named McBrides and provides P.O. Box service to the village.The village is named for Alexander B McBride a settler from Wayne County New York who built a sawmill here in 1874.
 Zahed Kola (Persian: زاهدكلا‎ also Romanized as Zāhed Kolā) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 524 in 126 families.
 Keyvan Poshteh (Persian: كيوان پشته‎ also Romanized as Keyvān Poshteh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 110 families.
 Tajareh Sadat (Persian: تجره سادات‎ also Romanized as Tajareh Sādāt; also kown as Tajareh Tajareh-ye Seyyed Tajareh-ye Seyyedā Tāzeh Rah and Tāzerāh) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 71 families.
 Karcze [ˈkart͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Grodziszczko [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiʂt͡ʂkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Khadgapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3538 people living in 601 individual households.
 Dudah Chay (Persian: دوده چاي‎ also Romanized as Dūdah Chāy; also known as Deheh Chāy) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 506 in 119 families.
 Barrio Chacra Monte is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina. It is located 1.5 km south of National Route 22 and 1 km west of the provincial route 6. It is nestled within the zone of farms of the Upper valley of the Negro river distanced 4 km (as of November 2006) from the edge of the main agglomeration of General Roca and 7 km from its center.
 Ashoqeh (Persian: عاشقه‎ also Romanized as ‘Āshoqeh ‘Āsheqeh and Ashqeh; also known as Ashegheh) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 19 families.
 Gol-e Khatr (Persian: گلخاطر‎ also Romanized as Gol-e Khāţr and Gol Khāţer; also known as Gol-e Khāţū') is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Chathedom is a village in Ernakulam district in Kerala India.
 Krąpiel [ˈkrɔmpjɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Człopa 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Wałcz and 110 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.The village has a population of 42.
 Nazarethpettai is a village approximately 10 kilometers north of Chennai. It is the birthplace of former Chief Minister of Madras Presidency and leader of the Indian National Congress Minjur Bhaktavatsalam.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Lat Leyl (Persian: لات ليل‎ also Romanized as Lāt Leyl) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 872 in 235 families.
 Hiretadashi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Orzeszyn [ɔˈʐɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Piaseczno and 24 km (15 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Nalas (Persian: نلاس‎ also Romanized as Nalās) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5891 in 1088 families.
 Ovatekkeönü is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 136 people.
 Giáp Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Ngạn District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Linnamäe is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Rogów [ˈrɔɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przykona 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Turek and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Čím is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Pīr Banow) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 955 in 223 families.
 Rafsanjan Cultural Estate (Persian: مجموعه موتورهاي كشت وصنعت رفسنجان‎ – Mojamvʿeh-ye Mowtowr Hāy Kesht va Şanʿat-e Rafsanjān) is a village/cultural estate in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 19 families.
 Abu Oqab (Persian: ابوعقاب‎ also Romanized as Abū ‘Oqāb; also known as Bāgābb) is a village in Minubar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 704 in 160 families.
 Sagalo is a remote village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kéniéba in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. It lies near the border with Guinea. The commune includes 17 villages and at the time of the 2009 census had a population of 15830.
 Barfuiyeh (Persian: برفوييه‎ also Romanized as Barfūyeh) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 33 families.
 Chavoshi (Persian: چاوشي‎ also Romanized as Chavoshi; also known as Chāh Voshī-ye Janūbī and Chāvoshī-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Khvormuj Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 581 in 138 families.
 Letovica is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 1126 people.
 Kabudan (Persian: كبودان‎ also Romanized as Kabūdān) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Bystrzek [ˈbɨstʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Śrem and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Larm (Persian: لارم‎ also Romanized as Lārm) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Ahmovići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dân Hoá is a commune (xã) and village in Minh Hóa District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Łopienie-Szelągi [wɔˈpjɛɲɛ ʂɛˈlɔŋɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kalateh-ye Arababad (Persian: كلاته عرب اباد‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ʿArabābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bambarge is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kusehvand (Persian: كوسه وند‎ also Romanized as Kūsehvand; also known as Kūsevand) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 39 families.
 Vaskovo is a village in the municipality of Lyubimets in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 At Tarfa' is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 La Punta (San Luis) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Aama is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3456 people living in 582 individual households. A farming village and community Aama is located to the south of Lumbini.
 Matihani Nepal is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6888 people living in 1292 individual households.
 Rustai-ye Vakilabad (Persian: روستاي وکيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Rūstāi-ye Vakīlābād; also known as Vakīlābād) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 104 families.
 Miriyakada is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bitragunta is a village in Nellore District Andhra Pradesh India. The village received its name when the British found good drinking water and named it Better-gunta which later became Bitragunta.[citation needed]The village is an important stop on the Indian Railways line between Chennai and Vijayawada. It is also the station at the far northern end of North Line of the Chennai Suburban Railway network earlier. Now under Vijayawada Division of South Central Railway.
 Golvan Derazani (Persian: گلواندرزاني‎ also Romanized as Golvān Derazānī) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mokrsko Górne [ˈmɔkrskɔ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Sobków 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Jędrzejów and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Przetocznica [pʂɛtɔt͡ʂˈnit͡sa] (German: Hammer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Skąpe 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Świebodzin and 21 km (13 mi) north of Zielona Góra. The village has a population of 41.
 Konstancin [kɔnsˈtant͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Łęczyca and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Čelarevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Челарево) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality in the South Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 5423 people (2002 census).
 Morne Jaloux is a town in Saint George Parish Grenada. It is located at the southern end of the island.
 Mowtowr-e Badal Khalqpur (Persian: موتوربدل خالق پور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Badal Khālqpūr) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 15 families.
 Diasur is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Pärnamäe is a village in Viimsi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 9 km (6 mi) northeast of the centre of Tallinn situated just north of Tallinn's subdistrict Mähe and east of the settlement Viimsi. Pärnamäe has a population of 1191 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Talang (Persian: تلنگ‎ also Romanized as Teleng; also known as Taland and Telenk) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 70 families.
 Raadivere is a village in Palamuse Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Mahmui (Persian: مهموئي‎ also Romanized as Mahmū‘ī; also known as Maḩmūd) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 726 in 243 families.
 Kalateh-ye Shoqan (Persian: كلاته شقان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Shoqān and Kalateh-e Shoqan; also known as Kalāteh-ye Shoqānīhā) is a village in Shoqan Rural District Jolgeh Shoqan District Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 73 families.
 Neculăieuca is a commune in Orhei district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Neculăieuca.
 Nystad is a small village in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Straumsnes along the northeastern shore of the lake Valnesfjordvatnet.
 Pijawne Polskie [piˈjavnɛ ˈpɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Nowinka 15 km (9 mi) north of Augustów and 98 km (61 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Obrębiec [ɔˈbrɛmbjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Czernice Borowe 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 92 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Górki Wielkie [ˈɡurki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in Gmina Brenna Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 3554 (2008). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.The village was first mentioned in a Latin document of Diocese of Wrocław called Liber fundationis episcopatus Vratislaviensis from around 1305 as Gorki villa vlodari. It was written in an atypical form and suggests that a village was much older.
 Namalut is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Qarah Aqashli (Persian: قره آقاشلي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āqāshlī and Qareh Āqāshlī) is a village in Golidagh Rural District Golidagh District Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 18 families.
 Vahi is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 81 (as of 1 June 2010).
 Krčevljani (Cyrillic: Крчевљани) is a village in the municipality of Modriča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Klyuchi is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Damianowice [damjanɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Damsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobierzyce within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Laskownica [laskɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Kcynia 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Nakło nad Notecią and 43 km (27 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Sarchah (Persian: سرچاه‎ also Romanized as Sarchāh) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Golubići (Cyrillic: Голубићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bagh-e Zeynab (Persian: باغ زينب‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Zeynab) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 31 families.
 Nigadoo (2011 pop.: 952) is a Canadian village in Gloucester County New Brunswick.The village is located at the mouth of the Nigadoo River on Chaleur Bay 15 km northwest of Bathurst and adjacent to Beresford.Approximately 87% of residents are francophone Acadians.In the Mi'kmaq language nigadoo roughly translates as place to hide.
 Czepiec [ˈt͡ʂɛpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Sędziszów 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 140.
 Dulkan (Persian: دولكان‎ also Romanized as Dūlkān Doolkan and Dūlakān; also known as Benaze) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 64 families.
 Clearview is a village in Ohio County West Virginia United States. It is part of the Wheeling West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 565 at the 2010 census.
 Pniewo [ˈpɲevɔ] (formerly German Bremerheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Gryfino and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chah Hasan (Persian: چاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ḩasan; also known as Dasht ʿAbbās) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 64 families.
 Zdenčac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D45 highway.
 Bommapur is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Yal Boland (Persian: يال بلند‎ also Romanized as Yāl Boland; also known as Qal‘eh Sangī and Qārā Darreh) is a village in Cham Kuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 22 families.
 Bonal (Kannada: ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Bonal is under Aldal gram panchayat Shorapur Taluka of Yadgir District in Karnataka. The village of Bonal is 6 km by road east-southeast of the village of Wagingera and 4 km by road west-northwest of the village of Chikanhalli. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.The Bonal Bird Sanctuary is located about a kilometer north of the village.
 Baba Gerd Ali (Persian: باباگردعلي‎ also Romanized as Bābā Gerd ‘Alī; also known as Bābā Kord ‘Alī) is a village in Kunani Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1394 in 304 families.
 Shahrak-e Hamzeh (Persian: شهرك حمزه‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ḩamzeh) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5357 in 972 families.
 Qaleh Bardi (Persian: قلعه بردي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Bardī) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 7 families.
 Zadak (Persian: زادك‎ also Romanized as Zādak; also known as Azdak) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 26 families.
 Korzeniówka Mała [kɔʐɛˈɲufka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Siemiatycze and 79 km (49 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 40.
 Sefid Zangul (Persian: سفيدزنگول‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Zangūl and Safīd Zangūl; also known as Sefīd Jāngur) is a village in Agahan Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 16 families.
 Fakhr ol Din (Persian: فخرالدين‎ also Romanized as Fakhr ol Dīn and Fakhr od Dīn) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 16 families.
 Deh Abbasan (Persian: ده عباسان‎ also Romanized as Deh ‘Abbāsān; also known as Deh ‘Abbās and Deh ‘Abbāsīān) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 23 families.
 Horodło [xɔˈrɔdwɔ]) is a village in Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Horodło. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Hrubieszów and 111 km (69 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin. The Union of Horodło was signed there in 1413.The village has a population of 1200.
 Deh Mian (Persian: ده ميان‎ also Romanized as Deh Mīān and Dehmīyān) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Farajabad (Persian: فرج اباد‎ also Romanized as Farajābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazraeh-ye Gura (Persian: مزرعه گورا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gūrā) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Odojeviće is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Anavoor is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Dubrava is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 45 people.
 For the composer see Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy. For other persons with that surname see Bartholdy.Bartołdy [barˈtɔu̯dɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Przasnysz and 84 km (52 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kidangoor is a small village in Thuravoor Panchayath near Angamaly.Located in Kidangoor is the Kaippilly mana Aryambilly mana and Thuravoor Panchayath library. Mullassery canal is a main water stream going through the village.Kidangoor is the birthplace of V T Bhattathirippad.
 Panchan Nepal is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1698 people living in 318 individual households.
 Górzno [ˈɡuʐnɔ] (formerly German Göhren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bierzwnik 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Witowice [vitɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bogoria 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Staszów and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 221.
 Rycerka Dolna [rɨˈt͡sɛrka ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajcza within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rajcza 25 km (16 mi) south of Żywiec and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1425.
 Hoseynabad-e Kalpu (Persian: حسين آباد کالپو‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kālpū; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Kalpush District Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3242 in 734 families.
 Dereköy is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Gabrene is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Łasochy [waˈsɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 99 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Henrysin [xɛnˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Pokrówka (the gmina seat) 10 km (6 mi) west of Chełm and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Białowieża [bjawɔˈvjɛʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Skarżyn [ˈskarʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kabakaburi is an Amerindian village in the Pomeroon-Supenaam Region of Guyana on the Pomeroon River 56 km (35 mi) from its mouth. The villagers are mostly Arawak and Carib. Many of them work in the area's logging and mining industries.The name of the village is Arawak for the place with the itching bush. The bush referred to is a wild arum (Dieffenbachia paludicola) having irritating juice.
 Błażejewko [bwaʐɛˈjɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kórnik and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 169.
 Jarluty Małe [jarˈlutɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Regimin 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Ciechanów and 92 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 53 families.
 Saadat Bolaghi (Persian: سعادت بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādat Bolāghī; also known as Sāveh Bolāghī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Aliđerce is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1033 people.
 Aleksandrowo [alɛksanˈdrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Grodzisk 17 km (11 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Yalak is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Bijar Poshteh (Persian: بيجارپشته‎ also Romanized as Bījār Poshteh) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 42 families.
 Lab Sefid-e Sofla (Persian: لب سفيدسفلي‎ also Romanized as Lab Sefīd-e Soflá; also known as Lop Sefīd-e Soflá) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Dar Ab (Persian: دراب‎ also Romanized as Dar Āb; also known as Dar Āb-e Shengūn) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Niwa [ˈɲiva] (Ukrainian: Нива Nyva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Wielkie Oczy 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Lubaczów and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Palača (Serbian: Палача) is a small village in Osijek-Baranja County Croatia. It is part of the Šodolovci municipality and it has a population of 241 (census 2011).
 Birpath is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2002 living in 349 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 2358 of which 44% was literate.
 Ostoja [ɔsˈtɔja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Police and 8 km (5 mi) west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Tłokinia Mała [twɔˈkiɲa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Opatówek 8 km (5 mi) east of Kalisz and 112 km (70 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 16.
 Roru or Roroo is an ancient village in Laxmangarh tehsil in Sikar district in Rajasthan India
 Thazhava is a village in Karunagappally taluk Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kureh Bolagh (Persian: كوره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Kūreh Bolāgh; also known as Kūrā Bolāgh) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 59 families.
 Kharam (Persian: خرم‎) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 14 families.
 Kamalabad (Persian: ك مال اباد‎ also Romanized as Kamālābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 57 families.
 Sufi Sheykh Daz (Persian: صوفي شيخ داز‎ also Romanized as Şūfī Sheykh Dāz; also known as Şūfī Sheykh Dār) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1099 in 202 families.
 Krynica [krɨˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Trzcianne 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Mońki and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Antoniewo [antɔˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lubień Kujawski 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Vrelo (Serbian: Врело) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 355 people.
 Hajdučica (Serbian Cyrillic: Хајдучица Slovak: Hajdušica) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Plandište municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village is ethnically mixed and its population numbering 1375 people (2002 census) including 579 Slovaks (4210%) 419 Serbs (3047%) 159 Hungarians (1156%) 123 Macedonians (894%) and others.
 Alpagut is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 391 people.
 Mirkowice [mirkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Mieścisko 14 km (9 mi) east of Wągrowiec and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sá Tổng is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Kaczyna [kaˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wadowice and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 366.
 Bal Chokupichab (Persian: بال چكوپيچاب‎ also Romanized as Bāl Chokūpīchāb) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Mowtowr-e Molla Bakhsh Kuseh (Persian: موتورملابخش كوسه‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mollā Bakhsh Kūseh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 5 families.
 Ramarosan is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 4399 of which 28% was literate.
 Heydarabad-e Qur Tapasi (Persian: حيدرابادقورتپسي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Qūr Tapasī; also known as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Fulay is a panchayat village in Gujarat India. Administratively it is under Nakhatrana Taluka Kutch District Gujarat.There are two villages in the Fulay gram panchayat: Fulay and Tal.
 Mazraeh-ye Amrollah Rezai (Persian: مزرعه امراله رضائي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Āmrollah Reẕā’ī) is a village in Dehram Rural District Dehram District Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Salanjeh Zaruni (Persian: سلنجه ضروني‎ also Romanized as Salanjeh Ẕarūnī; also known as ʿAlī Ḩoseyn) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 7 families.
 Božinovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 26 people.
 Dobromir is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 131 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Masjedpol (Persian: مزرعه مسجدپل‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Masjedpol) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mieszki-Kuligi [ˈmjɛʂki kuˈliɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 192.
 Grochowiska [ɡrɔxɔˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Izbica Kujawska 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 71 km (44 mi) south of Toruń.
 Staropole [starɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Żelechlinek 20 km (12 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Brzegi Górne [ˈbʐɛɡʲi ˈɡurnɛ] (Ukrainian: Береги Горішні Berehy Horishni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Lutowiska 33 km (21 mi) south of Ustrzyki Dolne and 107 km (66 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Ethanur is a village which is situated at southern side of Palghat City(12 km).
 Agasanahundi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Heggadadevankote taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Kobierno [kɔˈbjɛrnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Bielawy [bjɛˈlavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Eskice is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 567 people.
 Chibni (Persian: چيبني‎ also Romanized as Chībnī; also known as Chalik and Chapīnī) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 29 families.
 Plichta [ˈplixta] (German: Plichten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Łukta 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 280.
 Lewaszówka [lɛvaˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jastrzębia 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Radom and 78 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Rokayagaun is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2364 living in 442 individual households.
 Lopatnica is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Dambagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jankowo [janˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Świątki and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Palang Sara (Persian: پلنگ سرا‎ also Romanized as Palang Sarā) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 45 families.
 Dumuli (Persian: دومولي‎ also Romanized as Dūmūlī; also known as Domūlī and Dūmūlū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 36 families.
 Kuke is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Studenci (Nevesinje) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shur Ab-e Hezareh (Persian: شوراب هزاره‎ also Romanized as Shūr Āb-e Hezāreh Shūrāb-e Hezāreh and Shūrāb Hezāreh; also known as Shūrāb) is a village in Lak Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 61 families.
 Ratkovići (Cyrillic: Ратковићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kondo is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Jahan Najan (Persian: جهان نجان‎ also Romanized as Jahān Najān; also known as Jahān Jān) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 46 families.
 Berkeh Doka (Persian: بركه دكا‎ also Romanized as Berkeh Dokā and Berkeh-ye Dokā’; also known as Berkeh Dokān Berkeh Dūkūn Berkeh-ye Dowkā Berkeh-ye Dūkā’ Birkeh Dugān Deh Gūn and Dūkūn) is a village in Kushk-e Nar Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 800 in 139 families.
 Palmiry ([palˈmirɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located at the edge of the Kampinos Forest approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Czosnów 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Warsaw. In 2000 the village had an approximate population of 220.
 Chah-e Rezai (Persian: چاه رضائي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Rez̤ā'ī) is a village in Yunesi Rural District Yunesi District Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Świerzno [ˈɕfjɛʐnɔ] (German: Groß Schwirsen; Kashubian: Swierzno) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-west of Bytów and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 222.
 Yavuzköy is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 427 people.
 Adamów [aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lipnik 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Opatów and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 80.
 Qeshlaq-e Qarah Jalu Hajji Iman (Persian: قشلاق قره جالوحاجي ايمان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qarah Jālū Ḩājjī Īmān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 38 families.
 Harrisburg is a village in Franklin and Pickaway counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 320 at the 2010 census.
 Sepiddasht (Persian: سپيددشت‎ also Romanized as Sepīddasht and Sefīddasht) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1418 in 375 families.
 Raufarhöfn is a village located on the northeastern tip of the Melrakkaslétta peninsula in Iceland.As of January 2011 it has 194 inhabitants. It was a major fish processing station during the large herring catches in the mid 20th century.The village is the site of a modern monument called the Arctic Henge which is aligned to the heavens and is inspired by the mythical world of Eddic poem Völuspá (Prophecy of the Seeress).
 Kamyk [ˈkamɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łapanów 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Ab Garmak (Persian: اب گرمگ‎ also Romanized as Āb Garmak and Āb Garmag) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 8 families.
 Zahedshir (Persian: زاهدشير‎ also Romanized as Zāhedshīr and Zāhed Shīr; also known as Deh-e Zāhed Deh Zāhid and Zāhedshīn) is a village in Dehpir Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 79 families.
 Jata [ˈjata] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżowe within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Jeżowe 18 km (11 mi) south of Nisko and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 600.
 Kuńkowce [kuɲˈkɔft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemyśl within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Przemyśl and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Włościbórz [vwɔɕˈt͡ɕibuʂ] (German: Lustebuhr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dygowo 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Kołobrzeg and 107 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 310.
 Smardowskie Olendry [smarˈdɔfskʲɛ ɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Uuemõisa is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Ab Bahar-e Yek (Persian: اب بهاريك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bahār-e Yek; also known as Nōh Mīlī) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dastjerd (Persian: دستجرد‎ also Romanized as Dastgerd) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 24 families.
 Piotrów [ˈpjɔtruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Waśniów 12 km (7 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Guzów-Osada [ˈɡuzuf ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sawa [ˈsava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciechowice within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Raciechowice 20 km (12 mi) east of Myślenice and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kangyi is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Kikowo [kiˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Pniewy 21 km (13 mi) west of Szamotuły and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 210.
 Gastaj (Persian: گستج‎ also Romanized as Gostaj; also known as Gostabeḩ) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 122 families.
 Dereiçi is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 157 people.
 Maymont is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.The plaque at the entrance to the town says that the Village of Maymont was named for May Montgomery niece of Mr. McKenzie (of McKenzie and Mann railway construction contractors who built the CNR line through the area in 1905). Miss Montgomery had asked her uncle to name the village Montgomery but he said he couldn't because a town in Manitoba already had that name.
 Gulab-e Vosta (Persian: گولاب وسطي‎ also Romanized as Gūlāb-e Vosţá and Gūlāb-e Vosṭī; also known as Gūlāb-e Vasaţ Gulāb-e Bālā Gūlāb-e Mīān and Gūlāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Mulanabad (Persian: مولان آباد‎ also Romanized as Mūlānābād Moolan Abad and Mowlānābād; also known as Mulinabad) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 611 in 124 families.
 Rowshanabad (Persian: روشن اباد‎ also Romanized as Rowshanābād) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 56 families.
 Betini is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1872 living in 329 individual households.
 Dewatagahamulatenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Pembecik is a village in Aydıncık district of Mersin Province Turkey. Distance to Aydıncık is 18 kilometres (11 mi) and to Mersin is 190 kilometres (120 mi) . The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains. The population of the Pembecik 532 as of 2011. Main agricultural products of the village are greenhouse vegetables.
 Eleshnitsa is a village in Razlog Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Khaleh Saray-e Panjah va Noh (Persian: خاله سراي پنجاه ونه‎ also Romanized as Khāleh Sarāy-e Panjāh va Noh; also known as Khālehsarā-ye Panjāhonoh) is a village in Khaleh Sara Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 100 families.
 Salle Bhumlu is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2615 in 481 individual households.
 Si va Seh Mardeh (Persian: سي وسه مرده‎ also Romanized as Sī va Seh Mardeh and Sīow Seh Mardeh; also known as Sūsehmard and Su Shehmard) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 14 families.
 Maliheh-ye Sadun (Persian: مليحه سعدون‎ also Romanized as Malīḩeh-ye Sa‘dūn; also known as Malīḩeh-ye Do) is a village in Jahad Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 53 families.
 Pęczerzyno [pɛnt͡ʂɛˈʐɨnɔ] (formerly German Panzerin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeżno within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) south of Świdwin and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Band-e Kuh (Persian: بندكوه‎ also Romanized as Band-e Kūh; also known as Bandi-ye Kūh) is a village in Fareghan Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 9 families.
 Lewosze [lɛˈvɔʂɛ] (Ukrainian: Левоші Levoshi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Milejczyce 26 km (16 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wólka Włościańska [ˈvulka vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wielgomłyny 19 km (12 mi) east of Radomsko and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Belören is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Qeshlaq-e Ayiri Darreh Hajj Mahbat (Persian: قشلاق ايري دره حاج محبت‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Āyīrī Darreh Ḩājj Maḥbat) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 18 families.
 Dodurga is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 266 people.
 North Haven is a village in Suffolk County New York United States. The population was 833 at the 2010 census. It is located in the town of Southampton with its administrative office located in the village of Sag Harbor.
 Poshteh-ye Kol Kol (Persian: پشته كل كل‎; also known as Peleh-ye Kolkol and Pelleh Kalkal) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District in the Central District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 19 families.
 Hrabova (Ukrainian: Грабова) is a village (selo) in Busk Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. It was established in 1500. The village has 402 inhabitants.
 Steblów [ˈstɛbluf] (German Stöblau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krapkowice within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1100.
 Łubna [ˈwubna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Czersk 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 259.
 Rudka [ˈrutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Pniewy 22 km (14 mi) west of Szamotuły and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pansera is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3707 people living in 709 individual households.
 Wigancice [viɡanˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany then known as Weigelsdorf.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ziębice 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 56 kilometres (35 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bierdzież [ˈbjɛrd͡ʑɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Zwoleń and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Barm-e Siah Rudtalkh (Persian: برم سياه رودتلخ‎ also Romanized as Barm-e Sīāh Rūdtalkh; also known as Baram Seh and Barm-e Sīāh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 8 families.
 Słaboszów [swaˈbɔʂuf] is a village in Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słaboszów. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Miechów and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 Ranatalawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Zabr (Persian: زبر‎; also known as Zevr) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 17 families.
 Kotur is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Panahkuh (Persian: پناه كوه‎ also Romanized as Panāhkūh and Penāhkūh) is a village in Kezab Rural District Khezrabad District Saduq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 10 families.
 Goračići is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1276 people.
 Shervedan (Persian: شرودان‎ also Romanized as Shervedān; also known as Shervehdān and Shīrvedān) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3114 in 808 families.
 Garuhapé-Mi is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Kadalundi is a village in Kozhikode district Kerala India. It is a coastal village close to the Arabian Sea. Kadalundi is famous for its bird sanctuary which is home to various migratory birds during certain seasons and has been recently declared as a bio-reserve. It is the first community reserve in Kerala.According to the Sangam literature Thondi the capital of Chera Kingdom is now known as Kadalundi. Kadalundi had trade relations with foreign countries like Rome and Arabia.
 Mazraeh-ye Ayatollah Taleqani (Persian: مزرعه ايت اله طالقاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ayatollah Ţāleqānī) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District in the Central District of Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Salim Bahram (Persian: سليم بهرام‎ also Romanized as Salīm Bahrām) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 50 families.
 Tabl (Persian: طبل‎ also Romanized as Ţabl; also known as Taul Ţol and Ţūl) is a village in Salakh Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3082 in 630 families.
 Kord Sara Kuh-e Pain (Persian: كردسراكوه پائين‎ also Romanized as Kord Sarā Kūh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 12 families.
 Wilkowo [vilˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Nowa Cerkiew Szlachetna [ˈnɔva ˈt͡sɛrkʲɛf ʂlaˈxɛtna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Chojnice and 96 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Teldeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Adgaon BK is a village in Telhara taluka in Akola district of Maharashtra State India. It belongs to the Vidarbha region of Maharashtra and to the Amravati division of Maharashtra. It is located 53 kilometres (33 mi) north of the district headquarters of Akola 17 kilometres (11 mi) from Telhara and 569 kilometres (354 mi) from the state capital Mumbai.The postal code for Adgaon BK 444126 and the postal head office is Adgaon BK.
 Mian also known as Karan Singh Wala Mian is a village in Sardulgarh tehsil of Mansa district in East Punjab (Indian Punjab).
 Kałdowo-Wieś [kau̯ˈdɔvɔ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Malbork and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 76.
 Qarah Darvish (Persian: قره درويش‎ also Romanized as Qarah Darvīsh and Qareh Darvīsh) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 47 families.
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبدالله اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 16 families.
 Karahüseyinli is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 737 people.
 Mokra Lewa [ˈmɔkra ˈlɛva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Skierniewice and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 810.
 Kamareh-ye Gharbi (Persian: كمره غربي‎ also Romanized as Kamareh-ye Gharbī; also known as Kamārah and Kamareh) is a village in Shiyan Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 47 families.
 Rezvan (Persian: رضوان‎ also Romanized as Reẕvān; also known as Sū Dāghelān Sūdāghlān and Sūdoqlān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Kalpush District Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1067 in 276 families.
 Bakhshi Varz (Persian: بخشي ورز‎ also Romanized as Bakshī Varz) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 15 families.
 Leshten is a mountainous village in Garmen Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated in the Dabrash part of the Rhodope Mountains 5 kilometers north of Garmen 75 kilometers southeast of Blagoevgrad and 2 kilometers south of Gorno Dryanovo on the road between Garmen and Kovachevitsa.In the early years of the 20th century it was a busy village with more than 500 inhabitants most of them non-Muslim.
 Gornja Ljubogošta (Serbian: Горња Љубогошта) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Veerangkuppam is a small village in Ambur Taluk part of the Vellore District in the Indian State of Tamil Nadu. This village is surrounded by cocunut tree farms and the Palar river. The village's population is approximately 3000. This village is famous for local festival called 'CHAMUNDEESWARI AMMAN THIRUVIZHA' comes every year of January after the festival PONGAL. The main part of the festival is 'YERUTHU VIDUM THIRUVIZHA' (Like Jallikattu) and 'KARAGAM'.
 Bala Kahriz (Persian: بالاكهريز‎ also Romanized as Bālā Kahrīz) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 22 families.
 Atlantic Beach is an affluent village off the South Shore of Long Island in the Town of Hempstead Nassau County New York. It is located on Long Beach Barrier Island one of the outer barrier islands which it shares with Long Beach East Atlantic Beach Atlantic Beach Estates Lido Beach and Point Lookout.As of the 2010 United States Census the village population was 1891.During the summer months the population swells by thousands as people flood the beaches.
 Mashnaq (Persian: مشنق‎ also Romanized as Meshnaq; also known as Eslāmābād-e Mashnaq Meshnak and Moshnegh) is a village in Guney-ye Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 533 in 195 families.
 Mamlejeh (Persian: مملجه‎; also known as Mamelīāh) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 46 families.
 Borówno [bɔˈruvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrcz within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dobrcz and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Nomreh Yek-e Bala (Persian: نمره يك بالا‎ also Romanized as Nomreh Yek-e Bālā; also known as Āyatollāh Montaz̧erī-ye Bālā and Nomreh Yek) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 123 families.
 Dromore West (Irish: An Droim Mór Thiar) is a village in County Sligo Ireland. A quiet village at the junction of the R297 regional road and the N59 national secondary road approximately halfway between Sligo and Ballina.Dromore West is situated on the Dunneil River and sits between the Ox Mountains and the Atlantic coast. In typical Irish rural style its most plentiful business premises are public houses of which there are 4.
 Siralur is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Jaczno [ˈjat͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Dąbrowa Białostocka 28 km (17 mi) north of Sokółka and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.Bardzo fajna wies :)
 Čokori (Cyrillic: Чокори) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Derakht-e Senjed (Persian: درخت سنجد‎) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 679 in 117 families.
 Allingawier is a small village in the Dutch province of Friesland. It is located in the municipality Wûnseradiel about 7 km southwest of the city of Bolsward.Allingawier is a terp village on an artificial dwelling mound. It has about 60 inhabitants.
 Assagao (pronounced [aːsɡãːw]) is a village in Bardez Goa located about 4 kilometres west of Mapusa. The polular beaches of Anjuna and Vagator are to the west of Assagao. Assagao Union High School is located in the village.
 Sagaponack /sæɡəˈpɒnək/ is a village in the Town of Southampton in Suffolk County New York United States. The village incorporated on September 2 2005 in the wake of the failed attempt by Dunehampton New York to incorporate. Dunehampton's incorporation would have blocked Sagaponack from Atlantic Ocean beaches.
 Nursar (Persian: نورسر‎ also Romanized as Nūrsar and Nūr-e Sar) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 865 in 242 families.
 Tangal-e Ali Beyk (Persian: تنگل علي بيك‎ also Romanized as Tangal-e ʿAlī Beyḵ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 9 families.
 Geglja is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 264 people.
 Göçük Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Tut-e Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: توت سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Tūt-e Seyyed Moḩammad) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 55 families.
 Tuulemäe is a village in Kõlleste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Çukurkuyu is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Łącko [ˈwɔnt͡skɔ] (formerly German Lanzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Postomino 18 km (11 mi) north of Sławno and 181 km (112 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 231.
 Kõrkküla Saare County is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Ligota [liˈɡɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kobyla Góra 14 km (9 mi) west of Ostrzeszów and 130 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Oraczew [ɔˈrat͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Witonia 10 km (6 mi) north of Łęczyca and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dowqarun (Persian: دوقارون‎ also Romanized as Dowqārūn Dūghārūn Do Ghārūn and Doqārūn; also known as Dehqārown and Doghāravan) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Taybad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 16 families.
 Dada Mahalleh (Persian: دادامحله‎ also Romanized as Dādā Maḩalleh; also known as Dādād Maḩalleh) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 36 families.
 Yanlızçam Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 646 in 170 families.
 Stawek-Kolonia [ˈstavɛk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Cyców 21 km (13 mi) east of Łęczna and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Chilak (Persian: چيلك‎ also Romanized as Chīlak and Chīlek) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 34 families.
 Mierzewo [mjɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Niechanowo 16 km (10 mi) south of Gniezno and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 340.
 Rudno [ˈrudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dobre 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 50 km (31 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 Mian Rud (Persian: ميانرود‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rūd) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 36 families.
 Aqa Nur-e Sehtan (Persian: اقانورسه تن‎ also Romanized as Āqā Nūr-e Sehtan) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Tazeh Kand-e Nasirpur (Persian: تازه كندنصيرپور‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Naşīrpūr) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 18 families.
 Kigeh Lishan (Persian: كيگه ليشن‎ also Romanized as Kīgeh Līshan) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Staré Místo is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kisdér is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Ralewice [ralɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Zadzim 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 45 km (28 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mettapalli is a village panchayat in Cheepurupalli mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh India.It is located about 29 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
 Dastgerdi (Persian: دستگردي‎ also Romanized as Dastgerdī; also known as Banāvach and Dastgerdī-ye Banāvach) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 10 families.
 Kramrowo [kramˈrɔvɔ] (German Kramershof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Kwidzyn and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1920 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Łochowice [wɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białe Błota within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Białe Błota and 14 km (9 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Fiksdal or Fiksdalen is a village in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the west side of the Tomrefjorden about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northwest of the village of Tomra. The 0.4-square-kilometre (99-acre) village has a population (2012) of 233 giving the village a population density of 583 inhabitants per square kilometre (1510 /sq mi). Fiksdal Church is located in this village.
 Vellakkinar is an Indian village in Thalavady Panchayath Kuttanad Taluk Alappuzha District Kerala State. It is 11 km from Thiruvalla Railway Station. Haripad Thakazhy Ambalappuzha Alappuzha are some of the nearest railway stations from the Vellakkinar.There is also a place East to Collectorate Junction of Alleppey.
 Taşağıl Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1321 in 262 families.
 Deqaluiyeh (Persian: دقلوئيه‎ also Romanized as Deqalū’īyeh; also known as Deh-e Qalū’īyeh) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Durzyn [ˈduʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Krotoszyn and 87 km (54 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ferdowsi (Persian: فردوسي‎ also Romanized as Ferdowsī; also known as Tolombeh-ye Shahrīārī) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jahanabad (Persian: جهان اباد‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 16 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Diktash (Persian: مزرعه ديكتاش‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Dīktāsh; also known as Dīktāsh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nohor (Persian: نهر‎) is a village in Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 45 families.
 Parcewo [parˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bielsk Podlaski and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gujeh Menar (Persian: گوجه منار‎ also Romanized as Gūjeh Menār; also known as Gūgjeh Menār) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 13 families.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Złotów and 115 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 370.
 Wielogóra [vjɛlɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Jedlińsk 8 km (5 mi) north of Radom and 84 km (52 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 1100.
 Kruszyna [kruˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Zaklików 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Stalowa Wola and 71 km (44 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Leszczynka Mała [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnka ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Małdyty 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Chah-e Rigak (Persian: چاه ريگك‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Rīgak) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bazkabad (Persian: بزك اباد‎ also Romanized as Bazkābād; also known as Bazgābād and Bozorgābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 7 families.
 Nowe Ślepce [ˈnɔvɛ ˈɕlɛpt͡sɛ] (German: Neu Schleps) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sławoborze 18 km (11 mi) north of Świdwin and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 60.
 Debelja is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 148 people.
 Trzebce [ˈtʂɛpt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wielgomłyny 26 km (16 mi) east of Radomsko and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Barzabil (Persian: برزابيل‎ also Romanized as Barzābīl; also known as Barzabul) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 Tarlton is a village in Fairfield and Pickaway counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 282 at the 2010 census.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Murtidhunga is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5937 people living in 920 individual households.
 Incheh Darrehsi (Persian: اينچه دره سي‎ also Romanized as Īncheh Darrehsī and Īncheh Darrahsī) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 17 families.
 Lejkowo [lɛi̯ˈkɔvɔ] (German Röblau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Wielbark 16 km (10 mi) south of Szczytno and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lipumba is a village in Mbinga district in the Iringa Region of the Tanzanian Southern Highlands. It is located in the Matengo Highlands and is inhabited by the Matengo people. Lipumba is located to the northeast of the town of Mbinga and lies off the A19 road which connects it to Songea in the east.
 Kulak is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Strelac is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 392 people.
 Bamangamakatti is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5906 people living in 1085 individual households.
 Słup [swup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parysów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Parysów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Garwolin and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Mohammadabad-e Alam (Persian: محمدابادعلم‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e ʿAlam) is a village in Mahyar Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1395 in 323 families.
 Czaje [ˈt͡ʂajɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Nietuszyna [ɲetuˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Ostrówek 11 km (7 mi) north of Wieluń and 80 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 490.
 Thakurli is a suburb of the Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation in India.Thakurli is also a railway station on the Central line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway network.In this small village in 1932 GIP Railway established its first coal-based power station Chola Power Station for producing the electric power required to run the suburban electric railway.
 Chengara is a small village situated in Pathanamthitta district in Kerala. It is approximately 10 km from the district headquarters. The village is 110 km from Kochi and just over 100 km from the state capital Thiruvananthapuram depending on the route taken.
 Benakanholi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Szostakowo [ʂɔstaˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Czyże 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Hajnówka and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wyryki [vɨˈrɨki] is a village in Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wyryki. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Włodawa and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 397.
 Mazraeh-ye Mehdiabad-e Now (Persian: مزرعه مهدي ابادنو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mehdīābād-e Now) is a village in Surmaq Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Jankowice [jankɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Ładzice 14 km (9 mi) west of Radomsko and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lakhau is a village in Sibsagar district Assam India.
 Mazraeh-ye Sadr (Persian: مزرعه صدر‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Şadr; also known as Şadr) is a village in Sefiddasht Rural District in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Asiab (Persian: سراسياب‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb and Sarāsīāb) is a village in Sahneh Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 37 families.
 Šimanovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Шимановци) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pećinci municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3358 people (2002 census).
 Mukkudi(Tamil: முக்குடி ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Charkhab (Persian: چرخاب‎ also Romanized as Charkhāb) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 32 families.
 Fazelabad (Persian: فاضل اباد‎ also Romanized as Fāẕelābād) is a village in Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1350 in 304 families.
 Chah Narenj (Persian: چاه نارنج‎ also Romanized as Chāh Nārenj; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 85 families.
 Hasan-e Kamali (Persian: حسن كمالي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan-e Kamālī; also known as Ḩajiḩasan-e Kamālī) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 75 families.
 Hajjiabad-e Korbal (Persian: حاجي ابادكربال‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Korbāl and Haji Abad Korbal; also known as Ḩājjīābād and Ḩajīābād) is a village in Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 45 families.
 Chahar Borj (Persian: چهاربرج‎ also Romanized as Chahār Borj) is a village in Darvahi Rural District Ab Pakhsh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1253 in 255 families.
 Khunda is a village in Jand Tehsil Attock District located 70 km north of Islamabad (Pakistan’s capital) and Rawalpindi on the Fatehjang–Kohat Road.
 Villa Futalaufquen is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Krasnołany [krasnɔˈwanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dalików 5 km (3 mi) east of Poddębice and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Gerdeh Bon (Persian: گرده بن‎ also Romanized as Gerdeh Ben; also known as Gerdeh Bīn) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 531 in 87 families.
 Siah Kord Gavabar (Persian: سياه كردگوابر‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kord Gavābar) is a village in Moridan Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 39 families.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also romanized as Ebrāhīmābād and Ibrāhīmābād) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 21 families.
 Przedbórz [ˈpʂɛdbuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Strzelno 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Mogilno 60 km (37 mi) south-west of Toruń and 61 km (38 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Kępie [ˈkɛmpjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) southeast of Klimontów 19 km (12 mi) west of Sandomierz and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Poniatowa-Wieś [pɔɲaˈtɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Poniatowa 12 km (7 mi) east of Opole Lubelskie and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 550.
 Konojady [kɔnɔˈjadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Jabłonowo Pomorskie 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has an approximate population of 660.
 Mierzynów [mjɛˈʐɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Rusiec 33 km (21 mi) west of Bełchatów and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bamrud (Persian: بمرود‎ also Romanized as Bamrūd and Bemrood; also known as Banamrūd) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 961 in 198 families.
 Błotnowola [bwɔtnɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Nowy Korczyn 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 1339.
 Pamry [ˈpamrɨ] (German Pammern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wydminy 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 100 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Sarıkonak is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Stara Wieś [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stromiec 8 km (5 mi) east of Białobrzegi and 62 km (39 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Austbygdi is a village in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. The village is located on the central part of the island of Osterøy just south of the village of Gjerstad and about half-way between the villages of Hausvik and Lonevåg.
 Crna Bara is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 224 people.
 Gągolin Północny [ɡɔnˈɡɔlin puu̯ˈnɔt͡snɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kocierzew Południowy 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Łowicz and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lamatola is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1535 and had 263 houses in the village.
 Sar Asiab-e Pain (Persian: سراسياب پايين‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Pā’īn; also known as Asīāb-e Mīān Dasht Sar Asīāb Sar Āsīāb and Sar Āsyab) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Adhanur is a village in the Needamangalam taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Sit (Persian: سيت‎ also Romanized as Sīt) is a village in Senderk Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 55 families.
 Trnski Odorovci is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 183 people.
 Uzuntepe is a village in the District of Samsat Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Farey Niger is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Chavarzaq (Persian: چورزق‎; also known as Chauriz and Chavarza) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1538 in 363 families.
 Kodalu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Cholenice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) south of Jičín and 66 kilometres (41 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 4.54 square kilometres (1.75 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 210.First written notice about the village is from year 1099.
 Krnjin is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zaborowice [zabɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bojanowo 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Rawicz and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Okupniki [ɔkupˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south of Kiełczygłów 10 km (6 mi) north of Pajęczno and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 180.
 Fojhar (Serbian: Фојхар) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Diman is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3102 people living in 559 individual households.
 Cham Tang (Persian: چم تنگ‎) is a village in Hendijan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hendijan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 60 families.
 Krajewo Białe [kraˈjɛvɔ ˈbjawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Zambrów and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 160.
 Rizeh (Persian: ريزه‎ also Romanized as Rīzeh) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 86 families.
 Banmazaran (Persian: بان مزاران‎ also Romanized as Bānmazārān) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1508 in 351 families.
 Grzybowo [ɡʐɨˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Abadi Kheyrabad (Persian: ابادي خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Abādī Kheyrābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 10 families.
 Kontrewers [kɔnˈtrɛvɛrs] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dalików 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Poddębice and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Thiruvegampet is a small village near Devakottai in Sivaganga district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Tigase Estonia is a village in Mäksa Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Belhi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3309 people living in 583 individual households.
 Tân Hoa is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Ngạn District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Bukovac is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Krbeta (Serbian: Крбета) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dysart (Irish: an Dísirt meaning the wilderness) is a village in County Roscommon Ireland. It lies 20 km (12 mi) from the centre of Athlone on the R363 regional road. Located at the crossroads of the R363 and the R357 it was formally known as Thomas Street. Dysart village consists of the following :- 2 Public Houses (Fallons & Hobans) 1 Roman Catholic Church A Community Centre A Roman Catholic Graveyard A Soccer Pitch (home of Dysart FC)↑
 Barar (Persian: برار‎ also Romanized as Barār) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 22 families.
 Węgleszyn [vɛŋˈɡlɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Oksa 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 600.
 Parmich (Persian: پرمچ‎ also Romanized as Parmīch; also known as Parmenj and Pīr Mench) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 7 families.
 Kileh Sefid (Persian: كيله سفيد‎ also Romanized as Kīleh Sefīd and Keyleh Sefīd; also known as Greylā Harmān Kal-i-Sefīd Kelāiarman and Kelājarmān) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 31 families.
 Kupirovo is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D218 highway.
 Utrówka [uˈtrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Międzyrzec Podlaski 17 km (11 mi) west of Biała Podlaska and 85 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Chah Nuri (Persian: چاه نوري‎ also Romanized as Chāh Nūrī) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 23 families.
 Sargrefteh (Persian: سرگرفته‎; also known as Tāleqānī) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Prolog (Serbian: Пролог) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 Dorudkhan (Persian: درودخان‎ also Romanized as Dorūdkhān) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 737 in 205 families.
 Zachoinie [zaˈxɔi̯ɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lipnik 10 km (6 mi) south of Opatów and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Kalhu Dasht-e Pain (Persian: كلهودشت پائين‎ also Romanized as Kalhū Dasht-e Pā’īn) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 93 families.
 Stare Boksze [ˈstarɛ ˈbɔkʂɛ] (Lithuanian: Senieji Bokšiai) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Kafr Nan (Arabic: كفرنان‎ also spelled Kfarnan) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located north of Homs. Nearby localities include Burj Qa'i to the west Kisin to the northwest Gharnatah to the northeast al-Zaafaraniyah to the east Talbiseh to the southeast Tasnin to the south and Akrad Dayasinah to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Kafr Nan had a population of 3231 in the 2004 census.
 Rampura Jawaharwala is a village located at 29.90°N 75.80°E﻿ / 29.90; 75.80 9 km southeast of Lehragaga in Sangrur district of the Punjab. Distance 4 km from Lehra Gaga and 53 km from district headquarters Sangrur.
 Wola Michowa [ˈvɔla mʲiˈxɔva] (Ukrainian: Воля Мигова Volia Myhova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza within Sanok County in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Komańcza 36 km (22 mi) south of Sanok and 90 km (56 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 90.
 Będźmierowice [bɛnd͡ʑmjɛrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Czersk 35 km (22 mi) east of Chojnice and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 498.
 Balqoli-ye Kohneh (Persian: بلقلي كهنه‎ also Romanized as Balqolī-ye Kohneh; also known as Bolāgholī-ye Kohneh and Bolāghlī Kohneh) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6 in 4 families.
 Gulewo [ɡuˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Gostynin and 120 km (75 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Basit (Persian: بسيط‎ also Romanized as Basīţ) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 508 in 78 families.
 Jahangerd (Persian: جهانگرد‎ also Romanized as Jahāngerd; also known as Jahālgard) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 7 families.
 Boleszyn [bɔˈlɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Waśniów 16 km (10 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 40 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Brzeźno [ˈbʐɛʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiszyn within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lubiszyn and 25 km (16 mi) west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sannavur (North) is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Strzelce [ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Marcinowice 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Świdnica and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Qomsheh-ye Seyyed Amin (Persian: قمشه سيدامين‎ also Romanized as Qomsheh-ye Seyyed Amīn) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 10 families.
 Kushkan (Persian: كوشكان‎ also Romanized as Kūshkān; also known as Kūshkān-e Bālā) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 18 families.
 Palabong is a village on the southwest coast of New Ireland Papua New Guinea. It is located to the southeast of Umudu.
 Mikołajskie [mikɔˈwai̯skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Cekcyn 18 km (11 mi) east of Tuchola and 57 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 230.
 Türkmendamı is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Osuchów [ɔˈsuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Promna 9 km (6 mi) west of Białobrzegi and 63 km (39 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Wiktorowo-Kolonia [viktɔˈrɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Laguna Blanca is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Gródek Rządowy [ˈɡrudɛk ʐɔnˈdɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Obryte 16 km (10 mi) east of Pułtusk and 60 km (37 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Qaleh Qonbar (Persian: قلعه قنبر‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Qonbar; also known as Qonbar) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 21 families.
 Bhimnagar is a village in Basantpur tehsil of Supaul district in the Indian state of Bihar south of the Koshi Barrage near the India-Nepal border. Having more than 20 hours power supply through kattaiah power house. Bhimnagar is advanced in education with an 83% literacy rate. Bhimnagar was greatly impacted by the 2008 Bihar flood of the Kosi River.
 Ozolnieki is a village in Latvia the administrative centre of Ozolnieki municipality. The village located at Iecava river approximately 36 km (22 mi) from the capital Riga and 6 km (4 mi) from city Jelgava.
 Pussalagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chah-e Vagazari-ye Shomareh-ye Hasht (Persian: چاه واگذاري شماره 8‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Vāgaz̄ārī Shomāreh-ye Hasht; also known as Chahhashtom) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 24 families.
 Okrąglik [ɔˈkrɔnɡlik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Janów 22 km (14 mi) east of Częstochowa and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 41.
 Hajji Nabi (Persian: حاجي نبي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Nabī; also known as Deh-e Ḩājjī Nabī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 7 families.
 Hesam (Persian: حسام‎ also Romanized as Ḩesām) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pawłowice Namysłowskie [pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ namɨˈswɔfskʲɛ] (German Paulsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Namysłów and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Rais (Persian: رئيس‎ also Romanized as Ra’īs) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 29 families.
 Wólka [ˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bamchenar (Persian: بام چنار‎ also Romanized as Bāmchenār; also known as Bachinar and Bāmchār) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 14 families.
 Seremettin is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Raz'yezd Sem'desyat sometimes called Aksengir is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan. The village lies on the road from Boralday to Chemolgan.
 Valfara (Persian: ولفرا‎ also Romanized as Valfarā) is a village in Anzan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 86 families.
 Kąśna Górna [ˈkɔ̃ɕna ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciężkowice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ciężkowice 29 km (18 mi) south of Tarnów and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Baghak (Persian: باغك‎ also Romanized as Bāghak; also known as Bāgak and Bāghūk) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 54 families.
 Tientsin Sri Lanka is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Napęków [naˈpɛŋkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bieliny and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 580.
 Zangeneh-ye Bon Rud (Persian: زنگنه بنرود‎ also Romanized as Zangeneh-ye Bon Rūd; also known as Zangeneh) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 787 in 173 families.
 Sud Khor (Persian: سودخر‎ also Romanized as Sūd Khor; also known as Galā'm and Sūd Khvor) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 22 families.
 Shurab-e Mowr (Persian: شوراب مور‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Mowr; also known as Shūrāb and Shūrābeh) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mazuposhteh (Persian: مازوپشته‎ also Romanized as Māzūposhteh) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 993 in 256 families.
 Czaczki Wielkie [ˈt͡ʂat͡ʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Turośń Kościelna and 18 km (11 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gandab-e Olya (Persian: گنداب عليا‎ also Romanized as Gandāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Horr Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 37 families.
 Jagów [ˈjaɡuf] (formerly German Jagow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Pełczyce 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Choszczno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Zaklęty Zamek [zaˈklɛntɨ ˈzamɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosakowo within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kosakowo 12 km (7 mi) south of Puck and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Barik Ab (Persian: باریک‌آب‎ also Romanized as Bārīk Āb and Bārīkāb) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 17 families.
 Vlaška (Cyrillic: Влашка) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jalia is a small village in the Amreli District of Gujarat India. It is located 22 kilometers (14 mi) from Amreli. The majority population of the village are Patels Nearby attractions are Bhurakhiya Hanuman Mandir and Khodiyar Mandir. In Jalia there are two Banks First one is State Bank of India and Second one is Amreli District Central Co-operative Bank. Primary helth centre School and Highschool is there since long.
 Alioğullar is a village in the District of Yenipazar Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 255 people.
 Karbowizna [karbɔˈvizna] (German: Kerben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Chalavara is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district Kerala India.It is the location of the K. T. N. College of Pharmacy.
 Gregurovec is a village in Croatia.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohan Dasht (Persian: مزرعه مهان دشت‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mohān Dasht) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dziekanowice [d͡ʑɛkanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobczyce within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-west of Dobczyce 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Myślenice and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Trebotin is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 681 people.
 Panga is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Wiśnicze [viɕˈnit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wielowieś 24 km (15 mi) north of Gliwice and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 311.
 Glenbrook (Irish: Gleann an Fheileastraim) is a village in the townland of Lackaroe between Passage West and Monkstown in County Cork Ireland. Monkstown Glenbrook and Passage West are three close-knit villages side by side along the harbour R610 route. Monkstown is well known for its 18-hole Golf Course deep-sea fishing sailing club restaurants and pubs.
 Bis Koti (Persian: بيس كتي‎ also Romanized as Bīs Kotī) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Barzegar (Persian: مزرعه برزگر‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Barzegar; also known as Barzegar and Mazra‘eh-ye Zargar) is a village in Isar Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 26 families.
 Tereki (Persian: تركي‎ also Romanized as Terekī and Terkī; also known as Bazargān) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 21 families.
 Grzegorzów [ɡʐɛˈɡɔʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) north-west of Mściwojów 4 km (2 mi) east of Jawor and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 100.
 Khaneh Reghan (Persian: خانه رغان‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Reghān; also known as Khāneh Rūghān) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 252 in 57 families.
 Nunera is a small village located in Korba district Chhattisgarh India. It has a population of just over 2000 people. The village has a post office.
 Sääsküla is a village in Ambla Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Tatarevo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Mineralni bani in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Eseebu is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3539.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 10 families.
 Gojakovići is a village in the municipality of Kladanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karim Kandi (Persian: كريم كندي‎ also Romanized as Karīm Kandī) is a village in Korani Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Vĩnh Mỹ B is a commune (xã) and village in Hòa Binh District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Lokve (Serbian Cyrillic: Локве Romanian: Locve Sân-Mihai or Simiai) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Alibunar municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Romanian ethnic majority(90.85%) and a population numbering 2002 people (2002 census). More than half of population of Lokve lives abroad mainly in USA and Switzerland.
 Brezik (Serbian: Брезик) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chah-e Mutur Zahurian (Persian: چاه موتورظهوريان‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mūtūr Zahūrīān) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowa Otocznia [ˈnɔva ɔˈtɔt͡ʂɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wiśniewo 3 km (2 mi) south-east of Mława and 107 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Shahrak-e Miheh (Persian: شهرك ميهه‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Mīheh; also known as Meyheh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 822 in 161 families.
 Živkovo is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 669 people.
 Safiabad (Persian: صفي اباد‎ also Romanized as Şafīābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Anielewo [aɲɛˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح آباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Deh-e Habbeh (Persian: ده حبه‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩabbeh; also known as Deh-e Jabbeh) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 25 families.
 Żebry-Laskowiec [ˈʐɛbrɨ lasˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Nur 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 105 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kushk-e Fashapuyeh (Persian: كوشك فشاپويه‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Fashāpūyeh; also known as Kūshk and Kūshkak) is a village in Koleyn Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Waralaggama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Straide (Irish: An tSráid) or Strade is a village in County Mayo Ireland. It is located on the N58 national secondary road between Foxford and Castlebar. The name Strade is an anglicisation of the Irish words an tsráid meaning the street.Straide Abbey has some interesting carved reliefs on its ruined walls.
 Psary Małe [ˈpsarɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Września and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kozubów [kɔˈzubuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Brudzew 14 km (9 mi) east of Turek and 129 km (80 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 115.
 Vrbovac is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 161 people.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Burzenin 22 km (14 mi) south of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 253.
 Falciano is a village (curazia) in northeastern San Marino. It belongs to the castle of Serravalle and is its second civil parish in order of population after Dogana.
 Kanagale is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hukeri taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Kartakeh (Persian: كرتكه‎; also known as Kondorak) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 13 families.
 Chenarbarin (Persian: چناربرين‎ also Romanized as Chenārbarīn; also known as Chenal Bari and Chenal Parin) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Wilkowice [vilkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zbrosławice 9 km (6 mi) west of Tarnowskie Góry and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 510.
 Celbówko [t͡sɛlˈbufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-west of Puck and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 82.
 Moscow is a village in the Kottayam district of Kerala South India. The name was instituted because of Soviet influence in Kerala during the Cold War. Located near Thengana Moscow is easily accessible by bus and lies midway between Thiruvalla and Changanasseri. Initially a sleepy little hamlet it has now developed into one of the suburbs of Chanaganasseri with all facilities including hospitals schools (Good Shepherd School) and churches all within walking distance.
 Kanaf Gurab (Persian: كنفگوراب‎ also Romanized as Kanaf Gūrāb Kanaf Goorab and Kanefgurāb) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 41 families.
 Mowtowr-e Behruz (Persian: موتور بهروز‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Behrūz) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 39 families.
 Kandawada is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Malo Središte (Serbian Cyrillic: Мало Средиште Romanian: Srediștea Mică) or Prnjavor (Serbian Cyrillic: Прњавор Romanian: Prnaora) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Vršac municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Romanian ethnic majority (79.16%) and its population numbering 78 people (2011 census).
 Chameh (Persian: چمه‎ also Romanized as Chemeh) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 584 in 157 families.
 Bahçesultan is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 83 people.
 Wysoczka [vɨˈsɔt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Buk and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Wilczopole [vilt͡ʂɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nowy Białcz [ˈnɔvɨ ˈbjau̯t͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sarzeh Kharuk (Persian: سرزه خاروك‎ also Romanized as Sarzeh Khārūk; also known as Sarzeh and Sarzeh Bālā) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 903 in 194 families.
 Žujince is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1248 people.
 Mustla Laimjala Parish is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Rezaabad (Persian: رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Rez̤āābād) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 20 families.
 Tugah (Persian: توگاه‎ also Romanized as Tūgāh Toogah Towgāh and Togāh) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Taheriyeh-ye Yek (Persian: طاهريه يك‎ also Romanized as Ţāherīyeh-ye Yek; also known as Taheriyehé Yeké Matrood) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 13 families.
 Hasan is a village in the Krujë District Durrës County western Albania.
 Paduvere is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Ogar (Serbian Cyrillic: Огар) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pećinci municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1143 people (2002 census).
 Novi Žednik (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови Жедник) is a village located in the Subotica municipality in the North Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2848 people (2002 census).
 Sengapadai (Tamil: செங்கப்படை) is a village 30 km southwest of Madurai city and 10 km southwest of Thirumangalm.This village was created by Koon Pandiyan (Tamil: கூன் பாண்டியன்) a Pandiya King in the banks of Gounda River as a military base. This village was known as Sengol Padai (Tamil: செங்கோல் படை) (English: Military of Throne) and later it became Sengappadai.
 Korwar is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindgi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka. It is famous for Anjaneya temple. called as Korawaresha.
 Kalateh-ye Mehrak (Persian: كلاته مهرك‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mehrak; also known as Mehrak) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 42 families.
 Torila is a village in Alatskivi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.Composer and conductor Eduard Tubin (1905–1982) was born in Torila.
 Meeri is a village in Nõo Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Bagh Baba (Persian: باغ بابا‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Bābā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Nej is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Davudabad-e Mokhtar (Persian: داودابادمختار‎ also Romanized as Dāvūdābād-e Mokhtār; also known as Dāvodābād and Dāvūdābād) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 21 families.
 Deh-e Ebrahim (Persian: ده ابراهيم‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ebrāhīm and Deh Ebrāhīm; also known as Ebrāhīm and Shahsavār) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 796 in 178 families.
 Sarpallo is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7159 people living in 1226 individual households.
 Behruzabad-e Sofla (Persian: بهروزابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Behrūzābād-e Soflá; also known as Behrūzābād) is a village in Qaryah ol Kheyr Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 868 in 178 families.
 Vihren (village) is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Kuźnica Warężyńska [kuʑˈɲit͡sa varɛ̃ˈʐɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Siewierz 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Będzin and 22 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 125.
 Valestrandfossen or Valestrandsfossen is a village in Osterøy municipality Hordaland county Norway. The village sits along the Sørfjorden on the western coast of the island of Osterøy about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of the municipal centre of Lonevåg and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of the village of Hamre where Hamre Church is located.
 Chandkavathe is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindgi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Kaludra is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 80 people.
 Międzyrzecze [mjɛnd͡zɨˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ] (German: Meseritz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Sławoborze 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Świdwin and 83 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 90.
 Lepiku is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Kushkak (Persian: كوشكك‎ also Romanized as Kūshkak; also known as Kuckak) is a village in Qohestan Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 867 in 251 families.
 Cimochy [t͡ɕiˈmɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Narew 21 km (13 mi) north of Hajnówka and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 49.
 Salkımbağı is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Uciechów [uˈt͡ɕexuf] (German: Bertholdsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 1000.
 Wola Kazubowa [ˈvɔla kazuˈbɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Metibokka is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Chemmanvilai ( செம்மன்விளை)[1] is a village in Chadayamangalam Panchayat Kalkulam Taluk in Kanyakumari District Tamil Nadu India. It is near to the Nagercoil–Thiruvananthapuram Highway. The nearest railway station is located in Eraniel at a distance of approximately 6 kilometres (3.7 mi). The nearest airport to Chemmanvilai is the Trivandrum International Airport which is approximately 54 kilometres (34 mi) away. Chemmanvilai has a church named St. Antony.
 Murdin (Persian: موردين‎ also Romanized as Mūrdīn Moordin and Mūr-e Dīn) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Anjineh-ye Ebrahim-e Jonubi (Persian: انجينه ابراهيم جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Ānjīneh-ye Ebrāhīm-e Jonūbī; also known as Ānjīneh-ye Ebrāhīm and Anjīneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the time of the 2006 census its population was 141 in 27 families.
 Veys Morid (Persian: ويسمريد‎ also Romanized as Veys Morīd and Veis Morid; also known as Vāzmīreh Veys Morī and Wāzmīri) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 12 families.
 Buqin-e Mehdiabad (Persian: بوقين مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Būqīn-e Mehdīābād; also known as Mehdīābād-e Būqīn) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cheshmeh-ye Salim (Persian: چشمه سليم‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Salīm; also known as Chashmā Chashmeh ‘Alī and Cheshmeh) is a village in Birk Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Gazan (Persian: گزن‎) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 21 families.
 Hajjiabad-e Zarrin (Persian: حاجي ابادزرين‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Zarrīn; also known as Hāīī Ābād-e-Zarrīn Hājīābād and Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 80 families.
 Darreh Yazdan (Persian: دره يزدان‎ also Romanized as Darreh Yazdān) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Blaznava (Serbian: Блазнава) is a village in the municipality of Topola Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 591 people.
 Tryszczyn [ˈtrɨʂt͡ʂɨn] (German: Trischen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Koronowo and 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Słone [ˈswɔnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Brześć Kujawski 9 km (6 mi) west of Włocławek and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Glinnik [ˈɡlinnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Abramów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Abramów 23 km (14 mi) west of Lubartów and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.In 2005 the village had a population of 459.
 Grom [ɡrɔm] (German Grammen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pasym 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Szczytno and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Selise (Seto: Selissä) is a village in Mikitamäe Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Thondarampet West is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Siah Bil (Persian: سياه بيل‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Bīl and Sīāhbīl) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Retta Nagala is a village in Muzaffarnagar district Uttar Pradesh India siutated on the Roorkee Road (NH-58) with a population between 5000 to 6000.
 Chabeřice is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Idzikowice [id͡ʑikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wilków 9 km (6 mi) north of Namysłów and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Adalatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Britswert (Dutch: Britswerd) is a small village in Littenseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 120 citizens (2004).
 Velika Popina is a village in Croatia.
 Tazehabad (Persian: تازه اباد‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād) is a village in Savalan Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 12 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Sarhang Shahsavari (Persian: تلمبه سرهنگ شهسواري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Sarhang Shahsavārī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Setaq (Persian: ستق‎ also Romanized as Sataq; also known as Satagh Sītāb and Sī Taq) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1488 in 314 families.
 Bellaire is a village in Belmont County Ohio United States. It is part of the Wheeling West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area and Wheeling is across the Ohio to the east. The population was 4278 at the 2010 census having had its peak in 1920. The village is located along the Ohio River.The Bellaire toll bridge (now abandoned and closed) was filmed in the 1991 motion picture The Silence of the Lambs.
 Jamkan (Persian: جامكان‎ also Romanized as Jāmkān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 8 families.
 Mirza Nezam (Persian: ميرزانظام‎ also Romanized as Mīrzā Nez̧ām) is a village in Baruq Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Clayville is a village in Oneida County New York USA. The population was 350 at the 2010 census.The Village of Clayville (formerly called Paris Furnace) is inside the Town of Paris.
 Tars-Dallyar is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Sahar Village (Marathi: सहार गाँव ) (Postal code: 400099) is an area in the Andheri suburb of North Mumbai. It is the site of the Sahar International Airport (now officially known as CSIA) which opened in phases during the early 1980s which led to subsequent development in the area. The international airport itself has seen major refurbishment activity with parts of the old Sahar airport being demolished to cater for the new T2 terminal.
 Nazul (Persian: نازول‎ also Romanized as Nāzūl) is a village in Samen Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 108 families.
 Chah-e Shakri (Persian: چاه شاكري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shāḵrī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Barbolaukis is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 37 people.
 Chochołów [xɔˈxɔwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Żychlin 25 km (16 mi) east of Kutno and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ameryka [amɛˈrɨka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Wybranowo [vɨbraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Digala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kupin [ˈkupin] (German: Kopiehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Kareh Gol (Persian: كره گل‎) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 21 families.
 Pyszków [ˈpɨʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Brzeźnio 16 km (10 mi) south of Sieradz and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gerandigala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hajj Aqa (Persian: حاج اقا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājj Āqā; also known as Hājī Aqā Haji Aqu and Ḩājjī Āqā) is a village in Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1376 in 359 families.
 Dolní Lochov is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Brokęcino [brɔkɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ] (German: Bahrenbusch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Okonek 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Złotów and 130 km (81 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Thadi Jhijha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5870 persons living in 1021 individual households.
 Tepeler Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Boneh Balut (Persian: بنه بلوط‎ also Romanized as Boneh Balūţ; also known as Bon Balūţ) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 54 families.
 Gibostad is a village on the large island of Senja in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. The 0.44-square-kilometre (110-acre) village has a population (2012) of 338 which gives the village a population density of 768 inhabitants per square kilometre (1990 /sq mi). Gibostad is a former trading centre located about 20 km (12 mi) north of the Gisund Bridge. Many of the buildings in the harbour area are about 200 years old.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wodynie 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 64 km (40 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 150.
 Ciepliny-Budy [t͡ɕeˈplinɨ ˈbudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Wola Smolana [ˈvɔla smɔˈlana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Serock 14 km (9 mi) north of Legionowo and 34 km (21 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Gradina Korenička is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Cvilin is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Paldaran (Persian: پالدرن‎ also Romanized as Pāldaran) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 12 families.
 Chubeh Daraq (Persian: چوبه درق ‎ also Romanized as Chūpeh Daraq; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Chapdaraq Chapandara Chūbeh Daraq Bālā Chūbeh Daraq-e Bālā and Chūbeh Daraq-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 31 families.
 Gornji Klakar (Cyrillic: Горњи Клакар) is a village in the municipality of Brod Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Raisvand (Persian: رئيس وند‎ also Romanized as Ra'īsvand) is a village in Tarhan-e Sharqi Rural District Tarhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 548 in 104 families.
 Tomasze [tɔˈmaʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Czerwin 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Metsaääre is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Suwin [ˈsuvin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Somianka 15 km (9 mi) west of Wyszków and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Dur Chal (Persian: دورچال‎ also Romanized as Dūr Chāl) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tizdang-e Sofla (Persian: تيزدنگ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tīzdang-e Soflá; also known as Tīzdīng-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kolonia Bobrowska Wola [kɔˈlɔɲa bɔˈbrɔfska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Kaimy [kaimɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Siekierzyńce [ɕɛkʲɛˈʐɨɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dołhobyczów 30 km (19 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 128 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 20.
 Maciowakrze [mat͡ɕɔˈvakʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Pawłowiczki 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 48 families.
 Chhalesar is a village of block & nagar panchayat Jawan Sikandarpur Aligarh district in Northern India. It is also known for Arya Samaj four additional schools in rapid succession in 1870. and Swami Dayanand also visited here in company with Thakur Bopal Singh and Thakur Manna Singh.
 Subotište (Serbian Cyrillic: Суботиште) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pećinci municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 942 people (2002 census).
 Quaqtaq (Inuktitut: ᖁᐊᖅᑕᖅ) is a northern village (Inuit community) in Nunavik northern Quebec Canada. Its population was 376 in the Canada 2011 Census. The village is one of the northernmost inhabited places in Quebec located on the eastern shore of Diana Bay (Tuvaaluk in the Inuktitut language) on a peninsula which protrudes into the Hudson Strait where it meets Ungava Bay.The name Quaqtaq signifies tapeworm.
 Feketić (Serbian: Фекетић or Feketić Hungarian: Bácsfeketehegy German: Feketitsch Schwarzenberg) is a village located in the Mali Iđoš municipality in the North Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbering 4308 people including 2672 Hungarians (2002 census).
 Quinton is a village in Mount Hope No. 279 Saskatchewan Canada. The population was 109 at the 2006 Canada Census. The village is located on Highway 15 between the Town of Raymore ant the Village of Punnichy.
 Golijeh (Persian: گليجه‎ also Romanized as Golījeh and Gollījeh; also known as Goljeh Gullejeh Gulludzhekh and Kollījeh) is a village in Golabar Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Ponganadu is a small town near Kilimanoor Thiruvananthapuram district Kerala India. Kallambalam Kilimanoor Attingal Varkala are the towns nearby to Ponganadu. Ponganadu is reachable from Varkala Akathumuri Kadakavur and Chirayinkil railway stations. It is the location of a government High School and government Ayurveda and Homeopathy hospitals are situated here.
 Deh-e Luli (Persian: ده لولي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Lūlī) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dzięciołówka [d͡ʑent͡ɕɔˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Korycin 24 km (15 mi) west of Sokółka and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Eslamabad-e Jelin (Persian: اسلام ابادجلين‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Jelīn; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1288 in 278 families.
 Pszenno [ˈpʂɛnnɔ] (German: Weizenrodau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.It is located approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Świdnica and 47 kilometres (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.In 1243 the village was established in Lower Silesia with German Law under Johann Graf von Wuerben.Since 1645 the Evangelical inhabitants of the town belonged to the Friedenskirche (Churches of Peace Polish: Kościół Pokoju) in nearby Schweidnitz and since 1741 to the (county) Landkreis Schweidnitz. 
 Kroučová is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Koshkosh (Persian: كشكش‎; also known as Gūsh Gūsh Khushkushan Kos̄kosh and Kūsh Kūsh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 12 families.
 Tiszabábolna is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Ab Bad-e Sivandi (Persian: اببادسيوندي‎ also Romanized as Āb Bād-e Sīvandī; also known as Āb Bād) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 10 families.
 Gromadno [ɡrɔˈmadnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Wyrzysk 35 km (22 mi) east of Piła and 94 km (58 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mowtowr-e Ahmad Pirasteh (Persian: موتور احمد پيراسته‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Aḩmad Pīrāsteh) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Bardeh Rash (Persian: برده رش‎) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 43 families.
 Anjomneh (Persian: انجمنه‎; also known as Anjumneh) is a village in Kusalan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1407 in 308 families.
 Schodno [ˈsxɔdnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Dziemiany 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Gutków [ˈɡutkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sońsk 15 km (9 mi) south of Ciechanów and 63 km (39 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 236.
 Shahrak (Persian: شهرك‎) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 55 families.
 Sharif Kandi (Persian: شريف كندي‎ also Romanized as Sharīf Kandī) is a village in Taghamin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 58 families.
 Ampitiya Udagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sardom (Persian: سردم‎) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 67 families.
 Miramiguoa Park is a village in Franklin County Missouri United States. The population was 120 at the 2010 census.
 Rudbar Sara (Persian: رودبارسرا‎ also Romanized as Rūdbār Sarā) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2358 in 582 families.
 Vrpolje Zagora (Cyrillic: Врпоље Загора) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Valfajar (Persian: والفجر‎ also Romanized as Vālfajar; also known as Gorbeh Gorbeh’ī (Persian: گربه اي) Gowrbeh and Gurbehi) is a village in Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 39 families.
 Aksmanice [aksmaˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) south of Przemyśl and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 250.
 Haft Yaran (Persian: هفت ياران‎ also Romanized as Haft Yārān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Smrtići (Serbian: Смртићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Brzezinka [bʐɛˈʑinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyn within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Nowy Czarków [ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡ʂarkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Pamięcin [paˈmjɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Górzyca 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Słubice 52 km (32 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 410.
 Shirabad (Persian: شيراباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrābād; also known as Shahrābād Shahrābād Kord Shīrābād-e Soflá and Zū-ye Soflá) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 774 in 204 families.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 23 families.
 Özler is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 71 people.
 Sorlaci is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sämi is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located on the Tallinn–Narva highway (E20) about 14 km (9 mi) east of the town of Rakvere. Sämi has a population of 59 (as of 1 January 2010).
 San Félix is a village or populated centre in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay. It is a southern suburb of the city of Paysandú and it contains the horce race tracks of the city the Hipódromo San Felix.
 Chełstowo [xɛu̯sˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Radzanowo 14 km (9 mi) east of Płock and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Dobromierzyce [dɔbrɔmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Werbkowice 16 km (10 mi) west of Hrubieszów and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kudrowice [kudrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 265.
 Osieki [ɔˈɕeki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Gołdap and 122 km (76 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 Chah-e Tangal (Persian: چاه تنگل‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Tangal) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gababedji is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Gazan-e Olya (Persian: گزان عليا‎ also Romanized as Gazān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gazān-e Bālā Ghazān Ghazvin Qāzān Qazan-e ‘Olyā and Qazzān) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 79 families.
 Łozowo [wɔˈzɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dąbrowa Białostocka 24 km (15 mi) north of Sokółka and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Aryan (Persian: اريان‎ also Romanized as Āryān ‘Oryān ‘Orīān and Oryān) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 560 in 155 families.
 Chhatia is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Lowz Dar (Persian: لوزدر‎; also known as Līzdar and Līzz̄ar) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Polesiska [pɔlɛˈɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Balogi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Shabdeh (Persian: شبده‎; also known as Shībdeh) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 11 families.
 Gurramguda is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. The village is home to Gurramguda Reserved Forests. There is an aircraft training facility on the village outskirts. It is 8 kilometers from the Outer Ring Road Hyderabad.Rapidly developing village around Hyderabad.Its is purely residential town. There are many gated communities coming up in this town. Few such noted communities are Balaji homes which consist of nearly sixty families living in harmony and Sri Sai Homes.
 Čalići is a village in the municipality of Čitluk Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nesah Kuh-e Bard (Persian: نسه كوه برد‎ also Romanized as Nesāh Kūh-e Bard; also known as Nesā Kūh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 14 families.
 Mobarakabad (Persian: مباركاباد‎ also Romanized as Mobārakābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 63 families.
 Khareh Bardashan (Persian: خره بردشان‎ also Romanized as Khareh Bardashān) is a village in Lahijan Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 10 families.
 Ghoreta is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1936 people living in 308 individual households.
 Buger (Persian: بوگر‎ also Romanized as Būger) is a village in Armand Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2301 in 448 families.
 Hasan Kusej (Persian: حسن كوسج‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Kūsej Hasan Koosej and Ḩasan Kūsaj) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 32 families.
 Kaczały [kaˈt͡ʂawɨ] (Ukrainian: Качали Kachaly) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Narew 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Hajnówka and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 40.
 Dabnik is a village in the municipality of Pomorie in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Gulbiniškiai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the town has a population of 156 people.During Soviet Union era in village was built a rockets base.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Astarud (Persian: استرود‎ also Romanized as Astarūd Asterūd and Esterūd) is a village in Bizineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 933 in 201 families.
 Vlkolínec Slovakia is a picturesque village under the administration of the town of Ružomberok. Historically however it was a separate village. The first written mention of the village came from 1376 and after 1882 it became part of Ružomberok. Its name is probably derived from the Slovak word vlk i. e. wolf.Vlkolínec has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage site since 1993 and is one of ten Slovak villages that have been given the status of a folk architecture reservations.
 Valaramanikam (Tamil: வளர்மாணிக்கம் ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district  Tamil Nadu India.
 Gur-e Khosrow (Persian: گورخسرو‎ also Romanized as Gūr-e Khosrow and Gūr Khosrow) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cheshmeh Zeytun (Persian: چشمه زيتون‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Zeytūn) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 26 families.
 Arab al-Zubayd was a Palestinian village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 20 1948 when the villagers fled on hearing the intentions of The Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 15 km northeast of Safad situated close to al-Barid River in the foothills of the Upper Galilee Mountains which slope towards the al-Hula Plain.
 Cường Lợi is a commune (xã) and village in Na Rì District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Pale Dharwad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Amirabad-e Sheybani (Persian: اميرابادشيباني‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Sheybānī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 23 families.
 Czajcze [ˈt͡ʂai̯t͡ʂɛ] (German: Heinrichsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Rakovac is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 240 people.
 Ab Qaleh (Persian: ابقلعه‎ also Romanized as Āb Qal‘eh) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 26 families.
 Neikunnam is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Owneq Yelqi-ye Sofla (Persian: اونق يلقي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Owneq Yelqī-ye Soflá; also known as Ūneq Yelqī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Aq Altin Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 91 families.
 Qaleh-ye Ghadir (Persian: قلعه غدير‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ghadīr and Qal‘eh-e Ghadīr; also known as Ghal‘ehé Ghadir) is a village in Jahad Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 22 families.
 Bogamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Cheshmehha-ye Pain (Persian: چشمه هاپائين‎ also Romanized as Cheshmehhā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kądzielów [kɔnˈd͡ʑeluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łazy within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Kutysche (Ukrainian: Кутище) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Qaderabad-e Murtan (Persian: قادرابادمورتان‎ also Romanized as Qāderābād-e Mūrtān; also known as Ghader Abad Kādarābād and Qāderābād) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 717 in 149 families.
 Bag Reza (Persian: بگ رضا‎ also Romanized as Bag Rezā; also known as Beyg Reẕā ‘Alīābād-e Beyg Reẕā and ‘Alīābād-e Beyg Rezā) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 319 in 71 families.
 Borysławice [bɔrɨswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Błaszki 24 km (15 mi) west of Sieradz and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bidokht (Persian: بيدخت‎ also Romanized as Bīdokht and Bīdukht) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 81 families.
 Vinec is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rzym [ʐɨm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Rogowo 17 km (11 mi) south of Żnin and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 90.
 Njuhe is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ali Arab (Persian: علي عرب‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī ‘Arab) is a village in Kabutarsorkh Rural District in the Central District of Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1023 in 217 families.
 İnceöz Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Ashchibulak (Kazakh: Ащыбұлақ) is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Ciche [ˈt͡ɕixɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Zbiczno 15 km (9 mi) north of Brodnica and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 680.
 Liiva (Kose) is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Manizan (Persian: مانيزان‎ also Romanized as Mānīzān) is a village in Enaj Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1265 in 331 families.
 Kuravi is a temple village and a mandal located in Warangal district of Telangana region in Andhra Pradesh state in India.
 Htedanshi is a river village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Yahyaabad (Persian: يحيي اباد‎ also Romanized as Yaḩyáābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Ab-e Barnaj (Persian: سراب برناج‎ also Romanized as Sar Āb-e Barnāj and Sarāb-e Barnāj) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 18 families.
 Lalar (Persian: للر‎) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 517 in 103 families.
 Święty Gaj [ˈɕfjɛntɨ ˈɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Rychliki 14 km (9 mi) south of Elbląg and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 190.
 Vaitupu is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Hihifo District on the northeast coast of Wallis Island. Its population according to the 2008 census was 503 people.
 Taleshan (Persian: طالشان‎ also Romanized as Ţāleshān) is a village in Lakan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7521 in 2216 families.
 North Collins is a village in Erie County New York United States. The population was 1232 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from the local town.The Village of North Collins is in the northwest corner of the Town of North Collins.
 Klukowo [kluˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qeshlaq-e Arz Beyk (Persian: قشلاق ارض بيك‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ārz̤ Beyk) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zdziarka [ˈzd͡ʑarka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą 26 km (16 mi) south of Płońsk and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Zieleniewo [ʑɛlɛˈɲɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Bierzwnik 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Ghess (Sambalpuri pronunciation [ɡʱẽs]) is a village in the Kosal region of Orissa India which is known for its culture and role in India's First War of Independence. It is situated 43 kilometers from the district headquarters Bargarh and 18 km from Sohela. It played an important role in the First War of Independence when the Zamindar of Ghess Madho Sing fought against the British along with Veer Surendra Sai the King of Sambalpur.
 Moratgi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindgi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Hasanabad-e Mir Hashemi (Persian: حسن ابادميرهاشمي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Mīr Hāshemī; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Ćavarine (Serbian: Ћаварине) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jaghan (Persian: جغان‎ also Romanized as Jaghān and Jeghān) is a village in Takht Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 23 families.
 Borowiec [bɔˈrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wielgomłyny 26 km (16 mi) east of Radomsko and 90 km (56 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Irazusta is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Aşağıçaybelen is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Dima Sara (Persian: ديماسرا‎ also Romanized as Dīmā Sarā) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 15 families.
 Kheen is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2496 people living in 479 individual households.
 Riksu is a village in Lümanda Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Weragama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Muchintal is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.
 Witynie [viˈtɨɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Jedwabne 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Łomża and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kąty-Borucza [ˈkɔntɨ bɔˈrut͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dobre 18 km (11 mi) north of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 170.
 Bolimów [bɔˈlimuf] is a village in Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the Gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bolimów. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Skierniewice and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 930.
 Chashkhvoran-e Pain (Persian: چاشخوران پائين‎ also Romanized as Chāshkhvorān-e Pā’īn; also known as Chāsht Khvorān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Hamedanak Rural District in the Central District of Baharestan County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14018 in 3240 families.
 Yengejah (Persian: ينگجه‎) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 585 in 129 families.
 Witkowo [vitˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dikmetaş is a village in the District of Demirözü Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 226 people.
 Madampitiya Eastern Province is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tui (Persian: تويي‎ also Romanized as Tū'ī) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 15 families.
 Ryahovtsite is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Shahrak-e Mustafa Khomeyni (Persian: شهرك مصطفي خميني‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Muṣṭafa Khomeynī) is a village in Qaemabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10807 in 2654 families.
 Mehr Alikhani (Persian: مهرعلي خاني‎ also Romanized as Mehr ‘Alīkhānī and Mīr ‘Alīkhānī; also known as Pīr ‘alī Khānī) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 22 families.
 Anveh (Persian: انوه‎; also known as Naveh and Sheykh ‘Alī) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1050 in 197 families.
 Sartang-e Badam Shirin (Persian: سرتنگ بادام شيرين‎ also Romanized as Sartang-e Bādām Shīrīn; also known as Sartang-e Fāleḩ) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 6 families.
 Deh Now-e Allah Morad (Persian: دهنواله مراد‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Allāh Morād; also known as Allāh Morād) is a village in Rig Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 50 families.
 Al-Hamraa (Arabic: الحمراء‎ also spelled al-Hamra) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located northeast of Hama. Nearby localities include Jubb al-Othman to the northeast Abu al-Thuhur to the north Fan al-Shamali to the west Maar Shahhur to the southwest Salamiyah to the south and Sabburah to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) al-Hamraa had a population of 1783 in the 2004 census.
 Szosa Bydgoska [ˈʂɔsa bɨdˈɡɔska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Tuchola and 52 km (32 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 135.
 Bojska is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kierz Niedźwiedzi [ˈkʲɛʂ ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjɛd͡ʑi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Skarżysko Kościelne 7 km (4 mi) north of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 740.
 Duba [ˈduba] (German Leißnersberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Górnica [ɡurˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Trzcianka 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Czarnków and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chotycze [xɔˈtɨt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Łosice and 122 km (76 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 400.
 Sadeqabad (Persian: صادق اباد‎ also Romanized as Şādeqābād) is a village in Ashiyan Rural District in the Central District of Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 20 families.
 Eşrefli is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Malerzowice Małe [malɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Otmuchów 11 km (7 mi) west of Nysa and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Çobanlar is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 326 people.
 Mathiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3762 people living in 635 individual households.
 Sang Bon (Persian: سنگبن‎) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 92 families.
 Tomaszowice [tɔmaʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It was formerly known as Thomaszenicze. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Jastków and 15 km (9 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ljeskovik (Srebrenica) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Moradbeygi-ye Khalaf (Persian: مرادبيگي خلف‎ also Romanized as Morādbeygī-ye Khalaf; also known as Morādbeygī-ye Kūchek) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Voulaniya is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Undi (Telugu: ఉండి) is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.It is located about 39 kilometers from Eluru town.
 Várvölgy is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Bustan al-Basha (Arabic: بستان الباشا‎ also spelled Bistan al-Basha; translation: the Governor's Garden) is a village located along the Mediterranean coastline in northern Syria part of the Latakia Governorate. It is situated southeast of Latakia and west of Qardaha. In the 2004 census Bustan al-Basha had a population of 1603. Most of its inhabitants are Alawites and the village is home to the Makhlouf family who are related to the Assad family.
 Kartalpınar Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Ayenehlu (Persian: اينه لو‎ also Romanized as Āyenehlū and Ā'īnehlū) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.The village's proximity to the summer camps of Chaparli and Aqdash has made it a prime destination for Ecotourism. At the turn of the nineteenth century Ayenehlu was one of the 17 villages of Arasbaran where Armenians lived.
 Pasterzyce [pastɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Żórawina and 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Jazar (Persian: جذر‎) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 44 families.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف ابادمختار‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e Mokhtār; also known as Yūsefābād) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 57 families.
 Juyabad (Persian: جوي اباد‎ also Romanized as Jūyābād) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 9 families.
 Kalika is a village development committee in Kanchanpur District in the Mahakali Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8233 people living in 1406 individual households.
 Jahanabad (Persian: جهان اباد‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād; also known as Jahūnābād) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1348 in 323 families.
 Gornje Košlje (Serbian Cyrillic: Горње Кошље) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ljubovija municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 649 in 2002.
 Zrąb-Kolonia [ˈzrɔmp kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Skierbieszów 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Zamość and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 260.
 Patch Grove is a village in Grant County Wisconsin United States. The population was 198 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Patch Grove.
 Trešnjevica is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 920 people.
 Nahr-e Rahmeh (Persian: نهررحمه‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Raḩmeh) is a village in Abshar Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 481 in 103 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Banadkuk Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ždala is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D210 highway to Gola. Its population in 2001 was 718.Located on the Hungarian border almost all residents speak a dialect of the Hungarian language although they declare themselves Croats. Ždala has a kindergarten and elementary school. The Roman Catholic parish church is dedicated to Holy Trinity.
 Cheshmeh Khan (Persian: چشمه خان‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Cheshmeh Khān) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 474 in 128 families.
 Beri is a village in Piparali tehsil in Sikar district of Rajasthan state in India. It is located at a distance of 25 km north of sikar. Beri is also known as Beri Bajangarh due to an old fort called Bhajangarh.
 Kępiny [kɛmˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Jedlińsk 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Radom and 77 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Charzyno [xaˈʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Siemyśl 9 km (6 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jahla (Persian: جهلا‎ also Romanized as Jahlā) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 27 families.
 Raitalawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kambadur (Telugu: కంబదూరు) is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Guty [ˈɡutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kosów Lacki 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Piotrowice Świdnickie [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ɕfidˈnit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the urban-rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jaworzyna Śląska 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Świdnica and 47 kilometres (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bi'r al Ashhab is a small village located at Cyrenaica in eastern Libya. It is located about 69 kilometres south-east of the capital of the Butnan District - Tobruk.
 Lafayette is a village in Allen County Ohio United States. The population was 445 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Lima Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Hamzeh Deh-e Olya (Persian: حمزه ده عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Deh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩamzeh Deh-e Bālā) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 593 in 135 families.
 Ongassaare (formerly Kõnnu) is a village in Illuka Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.It is the birthplace of the organist and composer Alfred Karindi.
 Izgar is a village in Malkara district of Tekirdağ Province Turkey It is situated in the eastern Trakya (Thrace) plains at 40°51′N 26°48′E. The distance to Malkara is 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) . The population of the village is 430 as of 2011. It was a Bulgarian village during the Ottoman Empire era. But after the Second Balkan War the Bulgarian population was forced to leave the settlement.
 Otter Lake is a village in the U.S. state of Michigan. Approximately half of the village lies in Marathon Township in Lapeer County and half in Forest Township in Genesee County. The population was 389 at the 2010 census. The village is named after the nearby body of water which had numerous otters.
 Quch Khvos (Persian: قوچ خوس‎ also Romanized as Qūch Khvos; also known as Dalvar-e Kūch Khows) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Pleszew and 88 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pain Mahalleh-ye Naser Kiadeh (Persian: پائين محله ناصركياده‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Nāşer Kīādeh) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 511 in 153 families.
 Hebballi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Dharwad taluk of Dharwad district in Karnataka.
 Eşmekaya Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 363 people.
 Policzna [pɔˈlit͡ʂna] is a village in Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Policzna. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Zwoleń and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1500.
 Safra Basteh (Persian: صفرابسته‎ also Romanized as Şafrā Basteh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1258 in 338 families.
 Kopiec [ˈkɔpʲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Annopol 27 km (17 mi) west of Kraśnik and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 140.
 Mahmud Gazag (Persian: محمودگزگ‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūd Gazag; also known as Maḩmūd Gazak) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 53 families.
 Vyšehořovice (German: Wischerowitz) is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dargeh-ye Gholam Ali (Persian: درگه غلامعلي‎ also Romanized as Dargeh-ye Gholām ‘Alī; also known as Darkeh-ye Gholām ‘Alī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 27 families.
 Wiszniów [ˈviʂɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Mircze 26 km (16 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ankhisalla is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5220 people living in 923 individual households.
 Qeshlaq-e Ilkhchi-ye Olya (Persian: قشلاق ايلخچي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Īlkhchī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qeshlāq-e Īlchī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 15 families.
 Qaleh Kol (Persian: قلعه كل‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kol) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 121 families.
 Kuhestan (Persian: كوهستان‎ also Romanized as Kūhestān) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 66 families.
 Boratyniec Ruski [bɔraˈtɨɲet͡s ˈruskʲi] (Ukrainian: Боратинець Руський Boratynets’ Rus’kyi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Siemiatycze and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nowy Młyn [ˈnɔvɨ ˈmwɨn] (German Neumühl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 17.
 Salah ol Din Kola (Persian: صلاح الدين كلا‎ also Romanized as Salāh ol Dīn Kolā Salāheddin Kalā Şalāḩ od Dīn Kolā and Salahoddin Kola; also known as Şalaḩ ed Dīn Kolā-ye ‘Olyā Şalāḩ od Dīn Kalā-ye ‘Olyā and Şalaḩ od Dīn Kolā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2370 in 612 families.
 Vasa is a village in Sirohi District in Rajasthan state in India. It is 9 km from Swarupganj and 25 km from Abu Road and also known as Vasantpur or Vasantgarh.
 Karjamal Niyaz Ali (Persian: كرجمال نيازعلي‎ also Romanized as Karjamāl Nīyāz ʿAlī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Arisman (Persian: اريسمان‎ also Romanized as Arīsmān and Erīsmān; also known as Azīsmān and Brīsmān) is a village in Emamzadeh Aqaali Abbas Rural District Emamzadeh District Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1745 in 489 families.
 Komorów [kɔˈmɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gubin 26 km (16 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 52 km (32 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Rzeczenica [ʐɛt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa] (German Stegers) is a village in Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rzeczenica. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 121 km (75 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1566.
 Bítov (Nový Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zimnochy-Susły [ʑimˈnɔxɨ ˈsuswɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Suraż and 21 km (13 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hovan (Persian: هوان‎ also Romanized as Hovān) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kurungalur is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Nowa Obra [ˈnɔva ˈɔbra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wolsztyn and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 3.
 Popielina [pɔpjɛˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Lututów 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 86 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Haqaniyeh (Persian: حقانيه‎ also Romanized as Ḩaqānīyeh and Ḩaqqānīyeh) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 23 families.
 Babankatami is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Zagórz [ˈzaɡuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Nowogard 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ksawerynów [ksavɛˈrɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ulkowy [ulˈkɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Pszczółki 10 km (6 mi) south of Pruszcz Gdański and 21 km (13 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 286.
 Dirsekkaya is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Kutina is a village in the Behror subdistrict of the Alwar District in the state of Rajasthan in India. It is located in the foothills of Aravali.
 Darakuyeh (Persian: داراكويه‎ also Romanized as Dārākūyeh and Dārkūyeh; also known as Darāku Dārākubeh and Deh Kooyeh) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 968 in 226 families.
 Małżewko [mau̯ˈʐɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Tczew and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 216.
 Chulanak-e Sofla (Persian: چولانك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chūlānak-e Soflá; also known as Jelūnak-e Pā’īn Chūlānak-e Pā’īn and Chūlūnak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 38 families.
 Darvish Ali (Persian: درويش علي‎ also Romanized as Darvīsh ‘Alī) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 26 families.
 Chowdepalle is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Population:As per 2011 census there are 1542 households with a total population of 6911 in the village of Chowdepalle. Out of this 3467 are females and 3444 are males.Bank:ING Vysya BankGrameena Bank
 Tupambaé is a village (pueblo) in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay.
 Durgada is a village in Gollaprolu Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Czarna [ˈt͡ʂarna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Pierzchnica and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 40.
 Kışlabeyi is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Pilichowo [piliˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Prabuty 18 km (11 mi) east of Kwidzyn and 83 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 Rozdziele [rɔzˈd͡ʑɛlɛ] (Ukrainian: Розділля Rozdillia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipinki within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lipinki 10 km (6 mi) east of Gorlice and 108 km (67 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 270.
 Berkeh-ye Sefid (Persian: بركه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Berkeh-ye Sefīd) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 15 families.
 Pilioniai is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 89 people.
 Normalat (Persian: نرميلات‎ also Romanized as Normalāt) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Sławęcin [swaˈvɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Chojnice and 108 km (67 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 519.
 Rushnavand (Persian: روشناوند‎ also Romanized as Rūshnāvand Rowshanāvand Rowshnāvand and Rushnāwand; also known as Rowsanāvand and Rūshanābād) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District in the Central District of Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2770 in 675 families.
 Muzaffarpur Janubi (Urdu: مُظفّرپُورجنُوبى‎) is a village of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The village serves as a Union Council (an administrative subdivision) of Mianwali Tehsil.Muzaffarpur is an important UC of Mianwali and is located 22km from Mianwali. Its population is 25000. Malik Azeem Kundi is the nazim of Muzafarpur. The village has a high school for boys and an elementary school for girls.
 M'Bouna is a village and commune of the Cercle of Goudam in the Tombouctou Region of Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 6070.
 Emilianów [ɛmiˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Puszcza Mariańska 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Żyrardów and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Kehtna-Nurme is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Goli Bolagh (Persian: گلي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Golī Bolāgh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 12 families.
 Giebnia [ˈɡʲɛbɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakość within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Örendere is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Belno [ˈbɛlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zagnańsk and 14 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 659.
 Turza Wielka [ˈtuʐa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 696.
 Kozielsk is also the Polish name for the Russian town of Kozelsk.Kozielsk [ˈkɔʑelsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork-Osada within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Kuczbork-Osada 12 km (7 mi) east of Żuromin and 115 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Haqqabad (Persian: حق اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩaqqābād) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shingō (新郷村 Shingō-mura) is a village located in Sannohe District of south-central Aomori Prefecture in the Tōhoku region of Japan. As of 2009 the village has an estimated population of 2632 and a population density of 17.2 persons per km². Its total area is 150.85 square kilometres (58.24 sq mi). The village promotes itself as the home of the Grave of Christ (キリストの墓 Kirisuto no Haka) after a local legend.
 Teymurlu (Persian: تيمورلو‎ also Romanized as Teymūrlū) is a village in Teymurlu Rural District Gugan District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5221 in 1460 families.
 Rynholec is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Coboconk is a community in the city of Kawartha Lakes in the south-central portion of the Canadian province of Ontario. The village lies at the junction of Highway 35 and former Highway 48 on the northern tip of Balsam Lake the highest point on the Trent–Severn Waterway. Coboconk has a rich and unique history amongst the villages of Kawartha Lakes and has played a prominent role in the logging limestone and tourism industries of the region over the past 150 years.
 Zaborani (Serbian: Заборани) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Baba Kalan (Persian: باباكلان‎ also Romanized as Bābā Kalān and Bābā-ye Kalān; also known as Bābā Kalū Bāba Keln Bāba Kelu Chashmeh-ye Bābā Kālān Cheshmeh-ye Bābā Kalān and Cheshmey-ye Bābā Kalān) is a village in Bibi Hakimeh Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1431 in 320 families.
 Skwary [ˈskfarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Cheshmeh Gilas (Persian: چشمه گيلاس‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gīlās; also known as Chashmeh Gīlāg) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 51 families.
 Jankowice Wielkie [jankɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German Gross Jenkwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Olszanka 12 km (7 mi) south of Brzeg and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 750.
 Zasonie [zaˈsɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Płońsk and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Trzebnica and 26 kilometres (16 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Pat (Persian: پت‎) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 98 families.
 Micigózd [miˈt͡ɕiɡust] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Piekoszów and 12 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 990.
 Prisoje (Serbian: Присоје) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vali Asr Farms (Persian: مرغداري ولي عصر‎ – Marghdārī Valī ʿAṣr) is a village in Narjeh Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Banshipur Arrah is a village located in Bhojpur district India. It is 12 km north from Shahpur Bihar.Nearest Villages are Mahuar(West) Karnamepur(East) South(Dalan Chhapra) and Dilmanpur(North).Nearest Railway Station is Banahi.
 Mahrusah (Arabic: محروسة‎ also spelled Mahrousa) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located west of Hama. Nearby localities include Jubb Ramlah to the north Hanjur and Asilah to the northeast Maarin to the east Deir al-Salib to the southeast Rabu to the south Masyaf to the southwest and Deir Mama and al-Laqbah to the west.
 Qeshlaq-e Galam Ali Safar (Persian: قشلاق گلمعلي صفر‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Galam ʿAlī Şafar) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 14 families.
 Kriveni (Macedonian: Кривени) is a village in the northern part of Resen Municipality in Macedonia. The village is located roughly 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) north of the municipal centre of Resen.
 Godachinamalaki is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India. Godachinamalaki has one of the most beautiful waterfalls in Belgaum Dist and Karnataka.
 Bijela (Serbian: Бијела) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 36 families.
 Liszkowo [liʂˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Altenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Borne Sulinowo 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Szczecinek and 125 km (78 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Farnam (Persian: فرنام‎ also Romanized as Farnām; also known as Farnāb) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 19 families.
 Zabrody (Ukrainian: Заброди) is a village in Ratne Raion Volyn Oblast Ukraine. As of the year 2001 the community had 853 residents. Postal code — 44160. KOATUU code — 724283401.
 Zaglik-e Kurbolagh (Persian: زگليك كوربلاغ‎ also Romanized as Zaglīk-e Kūrbolāgh; also known as Zaklak-e Kūr Bolāgh) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 40 families.
 Lubsza [ˈlupʂa] (German Lubschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Woźniki within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 24 km (15 mi) east of Lubliniec and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Cham Chareh Yek (Persian: چم چره يك‎ also Romanized as Cham Chareh Yeḵ meaning Cham Chareh 1; also known as Cham Chareh and Cham Charā) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chahar Takhteh (Persian: چهارتخته‎ also Romanized as Chahār Takhteh; also known as Chahārtakhteh) is a village in Shalil Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowtowr-e Abdal Naruyi (Persian: موتورعبدل نارويي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAbdal Nārūyī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 23 families.
 Kiisli is a village in Saare Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 the population of the village was 33.
 Pain Dasteh-ye Rakan Kola (Persian: پايين دسته ركن كلا‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Dasteh-ye Rakan Kolā; also known as Āzād Maḩalleh and Pā’īn Dasteh) is a village in Kiakola Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 113 families.
 Brnj (Cyrillic: Брњ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hobba is a village in the commune of Reguiba in Reguiba District El Oued Province Algeria. The village is located on the N48 highway at the junction with a local road leading to Reguiba 29 kilometres (18 mi) northwest of El Oued.
 Razi (Persian: رضي‎ also Romanized as Razī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2066 in 362 families.
 Darrehrud (Persian: دره رود‎ also Romanized as Darrehrūd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rudawki [ruˈdafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Smętowo Graniczne 31 km (19 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Karkum (Persian: كركوم‎ also Romanized as Karkūm; also known as Dārkūd Dārkūm Karkom Qarah Qom and Qarqom) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 40 families.
 Kaczagórka [kat͡ʂaˈɡurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Pogorzela 23 km (14 mi) east of Gostyń and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Vrhovljan (Hungarian: Ormos) is a village in Croatia.
 Dobrnja is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska entity/Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jaszczew [ˈjaʂt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlicze within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Gustawów [ɡusˈtavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Stąporków 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Końskie and 22 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 440.
 Poręba Wielka [pɔˈrɛmba ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oświęcim within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Oświęcim and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1858.
 Perin (Persian: پرين‎ also Romanized as Perīn; also known as Ferīn Parad and Pīrīn) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 616 in 119 families.
 Nasrabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 10 families.
 Achuli is a village in Purushottampur block Ganjam District Orissa India. Its village code is 118336. It is one of the 25 villages that fall under the Purushottampur block. Achuli is located 3.4 km from Purushottampur 20.9 km from Chatrapur and 129 km from Bhubaneswar.This village has a fairly small population of 1357 persons 683 males and 674 females. Achuli has a state-run primary school that accommodates pupils ages 5 to 10 (class 1st to 5th).
 Kozie Doły [ˈkɔʑe ˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Kotla 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Głogów and 98 km (61 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chhatraganj is a village in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2927 living in 578 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 3073 of which 58% was literate. There is a high school named Shree Sarbajanik Ma Vi that was established in 1958 (2015 in the Nepali calendar). It celebrated its golden jubilee year in 2009 (2065 Nepali calendar).
 Vadakkekara is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Sriraman is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Khan Tuman (Arabic: خان طومان‎) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Mount Simeon District of Aleppo Governorate located southwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Urum al-Kubrah Urum al-Sughrah al-Shaykh Ali and al-Zurbah. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Khan Tuman had a population of 2781 in the 2004 census. The village is built on a hill located just east of the Queiq River.
 Mohammadabad-e Shah Nur (Persian: محمدابادشه نور‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Shah Nūr) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 11 families.
 Knieja [ˈkɲeja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Barcin 15 km (9 mi) east of Żnin and 29 km (18 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 158.
 Davil (Persian: دويل‎ also Romanized as Davīl and Dovīl) is a village in Hir Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 39 families.
 Głóski [ˈɡwuski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Shir Kosh-e Sofla (Persian: شيركش سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shīr Kosh-e Soflá; also known as Sarkosh-e Pā’īn Sarkūsh-e Pā’īn and Sarkush Pāin) is a village in Najafabad Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 31 families.
 Akçadere' is a village in the District of Hocalar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Bištrani (Cyrillic: Биштрани) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tóc Tiên is a commune and village in Tân Thành District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam. In 2009 Charm Urban Development Ltd Co announced that it would build a $600 million Toc Tien Urban Area.
 Deir Muqaran (Arabic: دير مقرن‎) is a village in southern Syria administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate located northwest of Damascus in the Wadi Barada. Nearby localities include Ain al-Fijah Deir Qanun al-Dimas Jdeidat al-Wadi Kfeir al-Zayt and Basimah. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Deir Muqaran had a population of 4803 in the 2004 census.
 Ahmadabad-e Sheykh (Persian: احمدابادشيخ‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Sheykh; also known as Aḩmadābād and Kalāteh-ye Sheykh) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 57 families.
 Stary Cykarzew [ˈstarɨ t͡sɨˈkaʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Częstochowa and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 572.
 Kosiny Bartosowe [kɔˈɕinɨ bartɔˈsɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wiśniewo 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Mława and 104 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Matgamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Cheragh Veys (Persian: چراغ ويس‎ also Romanized as Cherāgh Veys) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 31 families.
 Gowdu (Persian: گودو‎ also Romanized as Gowdū; also known as Gowdū Pā’īn) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 918 in 161 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Shahid Esmail Khaksar (Persian: مزرعه شهيداسماعيل خاكسار‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shahīd Esmāʿīl Khāksār) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Milanovo is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 273 people.
 Shpat i Sipërm is a village in the municipality of Baldushk in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Gonag (Persian: گنگ‎; also known as Gonak and Katak) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 645 in 137 families.
 Khvoshcharu (Persian: خوش چرو‎ also Romanized as Khvoshcharū; also known as Khvoshcharān) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1058 in 215 families.
 Buševec is the name of a Croatian village that falls under the administration of the town of Velika Gorica. It is placed at the Turopolje area at the highway between Zagreb and Sisak. The village has an estimated number of 1.000 inhabitants it's postal code is 10417.
 Homijan (Persian: هميجان‎ also Romanized as Homījān and Ḩāmī Jān) is a village in Banestan Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 24 families.
 Podripci (Serbian: Подрипци) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sarak (Persian: سرك‎; also known as Sarūk Shūrak and Sūrak) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wartowo [varˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Wolin 11 km (7 mi) west of Kamień Pomorski and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Hashemabad (Persian: هاشم اباد‎ also Romanized as Hāshemābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 18 families.
 Szczelatyn [ʂt͡ʂɛˈlatɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Zamość and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Cheshna Sar (Persian: چشناسر‎ also Romanized as Cheshnā Sar and Cheshnāsar) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 15 families.
 Radzewice [rad͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Mosina and 20 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Siennica-Lipusy [ɕenˈnit͡sa liˈpusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Miłodróż [miˈwɔdruʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Biała 12 km (7 mi) north of Płock and 104 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Demunapola North is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vijaya Nagar is a small village in Chitwan district of Nepal. It is the ward number 8 of the Mangalpur VDC. It's close to Narayani river and lies about ten kilometers west from the city of Narayangarh and about 3 kilometers away from Rampur.
 Nomanica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 317 people.
 Katrathal is a village in Sikar tehsil of Sikar district in Rajasthan India. It is situated at a distance of 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from Sikar on State Highway No. 8 (Sikar–Jhunjhunu Road).
 Ravileh-ye Hasan (Persian: رويله حسن‎ also Romanized as Ravīleh-ye Ḩasan; also known as Ravīleh Ravīleh-ye Bālā and Rovīleh) is a village in Sarqaleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 8 families.
 Cygany [t͡sɨˈɡanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Alawattegama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محمود آباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Borkhar-e Sharqi Rural District Habibabad District Borkhar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Singhanwala is a village 6 km from Moga Punjab India. Its population is about 15000. Gurdev Singh Sidhu served for 25 years as a village head. Sardar Nachatter Singh Gill served for 10 years. Since 2003 Balvir Singh is the sarpanch the village head.
 Krzywań [ˈkʂɨvaɲ] (German: Kriwan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Dębnica Kaszubska 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 170.
 Lug is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2555 people.
 Klempicz [ˈklɛmpit͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Lubasz 16 km (10 mi) south of Czarnków and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań. It is a possible location for a planned second Polish nuclear power plant (NPP Warta-Klempicz).
 Sarkhoshk (Persian: سرخشك‎) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Bogusławice [bɔɡuswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Święta Katarzyna and 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Krzepocinek [kʂɛpɔˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wartkowice 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Uttarganga is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6704 people living in 1260 individual households.
 Rajahar is regarded as village development committeewhich is situated in Nawalparasi District Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. It lies in and is intersected by Mahendra Highway. Rajahar Bazar is one of the oldest town of the area. This area is highly served by weekly street market every Sunday commonly known as Haat Bazar. Rajahar is also the hometown of Devchuli Higher Secondary School and Devchuli College the oldest education center in the town.
 Shilav Dun (Persian: شيلاودون‎ also Romanized as Shīlāv Dūn; also known as Shīlāb Dān Shīlāb Dūn and Shīlāvdān) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 27 families.
 Chrzelice [xʂɛˈlʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Kodena is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4638 people living in 837 individual households.
 Pietraszki [pjɛˈtraʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. Pietraszki lies close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. and is approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Gołdap and 125 km (78 mi) northeast of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gudun Gavabar (Persian: گودين گوابر‎ also Romanized as Gūdūn Gavābar; also known as Godūn Gavābar) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 31 families.
 Sahebabad (Persian: صاحباباد‎ also Romanized as Şāḩebābād; also known as Sa‘bābād and Şāḩebābād-e Sar Bīzhan) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 35 families.
 Canisteo is a village in Steuben County New York United States. The population was 2336 at the 2000 census.The Village of Canisteo is in the northwest corner of the Town of Canisteo and is southeast of Hornell New York.
 Fasıl is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Uzunköy is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Sassoumbroum is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Dolphu is a village development committee in Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. It is the largest VDC in the district located in the east and borders Tibet China. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 573 people living in 125 individual households.
 Lemierzyce [lɛmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (formerly German Alt Limmritz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słońsk within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Słońsk 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Sulęcin and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 630.
 Cerno (Ljubuški) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 Mahagama Megodagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bidak (Persian: بيدك‎ also Romanized as Bīdak) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 30 families.
 Koprki [ˈkɔprki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 19 km (12 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 140.
 Paşaköy Yenipazar is a village in the District of Yenipazar Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 394 people.
 Vlkančice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Płonka-Strumianka [ˈpwɔŋka struˈmjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dziwigórz [d͡ʑiˈviɡuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Udanin 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Środa Śląska and 44 kilometres (27 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bahuarwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Namhkam is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Kahir-e Borz-e Pain (Persian: كهيربرزپائين‎ also Romanized as Kahīr-e Borz-e Pā’īn; also known as Kahīr-e Borz) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 70 families.
 Trójnia [ˈtrui̯ɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Lubartów and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Oliszki [ɔˈliʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Brestnitsa Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Tervel in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łaskarzew 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 262.
 Wyrzyki [vɨˈʐɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Świercze 23 km (14 mi) west of Pułtusk and 55 km (34 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Nilu (Persian: نيلو‎ also Romanized as Nīlū; also known as Nīlū Rastegār) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 51 families.
 Manpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9962 persons residing in 1449 individual households.
 Jovin (Persian: جوين‎ also Romanized as Jovīn Jowīn and Joveyn; also known as Gūyak Gūyīk Guyyak and Jūbon) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 96 families.
 Karolew [kaˈrɔlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Gąbin 10 km (6 mi) south of Płock and 91 km (57 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 116.
 Bentveld is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Zandvoort and lies about 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Haarlem.The statistical area Bentveld which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 940.Part of the village not counted in the statistics above lies in the municipality of Bloemendaal.
 Wólka Proszewska [ˈvulka prɔˈʂɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Siedlce and 74 km (46 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Çakırbeyli is a village in the District of Koçarlı Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 622 people.
 Eyvand-e Now (Persian: ايوندنو‎; also known as Eyvand-e Soflá) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 34 families.
 Kallur Thekkummuri is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Józefina [juzɛˈfina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Koźminek 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Vashur (Persian: واشور‎ also Romanized as Vāshūr and Vashoor; also known as Bāchūr and Bāshūr) is a village in Kuhin Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 608 in 117 families.
 Demirciler is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 767 people.
 Kozłowo [kɔˈzwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Posht Tang-e Dustali (Persian: پشتتنگدوستعلي‎ also Romanized as Posht Tang-e Dūst‘alī and Posht-e Tang-e Dūst ‘Alī) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 22 families.
 Sprat Hall Beach is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Posada [pɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ruda-Huta 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Chełm and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Perth-Andover (2011 population: 1778) is a Canadian village in Victoria County New Brunswick.
 Gol Ezqand (Persian: گل ازقند‎ also Romanized as Gol Azqand) is a village in Darzab Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 22 families.
 Brzuśce [ˈbʐuɕt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Subkowy within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Subkowy 11 km (7 mi) south of Tczew and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 420.
 Hwepanan is a village on the Uyu River in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Chrást (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sarcham-e Deh Harun (Persian: سرچم ده هارون‎ also Romanized as Sarcham-e Deh Hārūn) is a village in Boli Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 21 families.
 Sakineh-ye Yek (Persian: سكينه يك‎ also Romanized as Sakīneh-ye Yek and Sekeyneh-e Yek; also known as Sakīneh-e Abdāl Sakīnī and Sekeyneh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Agana Heights (Chamorro: Tutuhan) is one of the nineteen villages in the United States territory of Guam. It is located in the hills south of Hagåtña (formerly Agana) in the central part of the island. The U.S. Naval Hospital is located in this largely residential village.
 Marganakoppa is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Beşgöze is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Lubowicze [lubɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Vojskova is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gaytanite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Rahim Beyglui-ye Pain (Persian: رحيم بيگلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Raḩīm Beyglūī-ye Soflá; also known as Raḩīm Beyglū-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 80 families.
 Kani Pahan (Persian: كاني پهن‎ also Romanized as Kānī Pahan; also known as Kānī Pān) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 61 families.
 Dobrzyjałowo [dɔbʐɨjaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Piątnica 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Łomża and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kodalikaruppur is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Szeromin [ʂɛˈrɔmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Horoszki Duże [xɔˈrɔʂki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Sarnaki 21 km (13 mi) east of Łosice and 137 km (85 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Chocicza [xɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 1150.
 Všejany is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kosgolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kannastiku is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Atan Rud (Persian: اتان رود‎ also Romanized as Ātān Rūd) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 10 families.
 Podhomara (Cyrillic: Подхомара) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mazraeh-ye Mirha (Persian: مزرعه ميرها‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mīrhā; also known as Nercheh Mīrā) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 31 families.
 Mal Amiri-ye Sofla (Persian: مال اميري سفلي‎ also Romanized as Māl Amīrī-ye Soflá) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 74 families.
 Nevada (pronounced nah-VAY-da) is a village in Wyandot County Ohio United States. The population was 760 at the 2010 census.
 Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil is a village municipality in Drummond Regional County Municipality in the Centre-du-Quebec region of Quebec. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 1404. The community is completely encircled by the parish municipality of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil.
 Dadkan (Persian: دادكان‎ also Romanized as Dādkān; also known as Dad Gan Dādkān-e Soflá and Dād Khān) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 800 in 171 families.
 Siah Gel (Persian: سياه گل‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Gel Seyāh Gol Sīāh Gol and Sīyāh Gol) is a village in the Abanar Rural District Kalat District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 59 families.
 Dziechowo [d͡ʑeˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 100.
 Owli-ye Shomali (Persian: اولي شمالي‎ also Romanized as Owlī-ye Shomālī; also known as Olī-ye Shomālī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 109 families.
 Belkud is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Luyanta is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3450 and had 436 houses in the village.
 Chah-e Soltaniyeh (Persian: چاه سلطانيه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Solţānīyeh) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tomban (Persian: تمبان‎ also Romanized as Tombān and Tonbān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 941 in 244 families. The village suffered heavily in the 2005 Qeshm earthquake.
 Ryżówka [rɨˈʐufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Fabidji is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Palatine Bridge is a village in Montgomery County New York United States. The population was 737 at the 2010 census. The basis of the name is the community's location in a region settled by Palatinate Germans.The Village of Palatine Bridge is in the Town of Palatine. The community is in the western part of the county west of Amsterdam.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Larabanga is a village in West Gonja district a district in north western Northern Region of Ghana. The village is known for its whitewashed adobe Sahelian mosque said to date from 1421. It was at the height of the trans-Saharan trade. It is reputed to be Ghana's oldest mosque and houses a copy of the Qur'an almost as old.The village is also known for its Mystic Stone for its patterned vernacular architecture and as the entrance to the Mole National Park.
 Kayacılar Bartın is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 191 people.
 Nasja is a village in Puhja Parish Tartu County Estonia. It has a population of 34 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Brestovac is village and a municipality in eastern Croatia located west of Požega.There are 4028 inhabitants in the municipality 89% which are Croats.
 Bresnica is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 274. The village is connected by the D49 state road.
 Pakosławsko [pakɔˈswafskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Cieszków 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Milicz and 58 kilometres (36 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ab Torsh (Persian: اب ترش‎ also Romanized as Āb Torsh) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Huáncar is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Maskare is a village in the municipality of Varvarin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 539 people.
 Malwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Alayin (Persian: علائين‎ also Romanized as ʿAlāyīn) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24179 in 6221 families.
 Anaparthy is a town and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Tomczyce [tɔmˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bedlno 21 km (13 mi) east of Kutno and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Emamzadeh Seyyed Hoseyn Kornag (Persian: امامزاده سيدحسين كرنگ‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Ḩoseyn Kornag) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Konopnica 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Ordowt-e Nazer (Persian: اردوت نظر‎ also Romanized as Ordowt-e Naẓer) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 5 families.
 Piekary [pjɛˈkarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Mszczonów 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 130.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 Kalmin (Persian: كلمين‎ also Romanized as Kalmīn; also known as Galīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 62 families.
 Eslavi (Persian: اسلاوي‎ also Romanized as Eslāvī; also known as Eslāvīyeh) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gouchi is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Tatruse is a village in Haljala Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Farsiyeh (Persian: فارسيه‎ also Romanized as Fārsīyeh; also known as Fārsīyeh-ye Yek) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 64 families.
 Dimeh-ye Shakraleh (Persian: ديمه شكراله‎ also Romanized as Dīmeh-ye Shaḵrāleh; also known as Dīmeh-ye Shargelar) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 16 families.
 Pećigrad is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hagnoundrou is a village in the commune of Bouéni on Mayotte.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Choszczno and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chah-e Kuju (Persian: چاه كوجو‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Kūjū; also known as Chāh-e Gorju Chāh-e Gorjī Gorjī Chāh and Chāh Gurgi) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Namak Chal (Persian: نمك چال‎ also Romanized as Namak Chal) is a village in Miyan Kaleh Rural District in the Central District of Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 547 in 120 families.
 Rogóż [ˈrɔɡuʂ] (German: Roggenhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lidzbark Warmiński and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Danb-e Sar (Persian: دنب سر‎) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 21 families.
 Łobódź [ˈwɔbut͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Aleksandrów Łódzki 12 km (7 mi) west of Zgierz and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mianbar (Persian: ميان بر‎ also Romanized as Mīānbar) is a village in Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 404 in 116 families.
 Cybulino [t͡sɨbuˈlinɔ] (German: Zeblin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Bobolice (Bublitz) 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Koszalin (Köslin) and 149 km (93 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin (Stettin).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Gołaszyn [ɡɔˈwaʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Bojanowo 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Rawicz and 79 km (49 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cimoszki [t͡ɕiˈmɔʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tomaszówek [tɔmaˈʂuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sławno 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Opoczno and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Osowia [ɔˈsɔvja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Szczawin Kościelny 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 102 km (63 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Januszno [jaˈnuʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Pionki 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Radom and 88 km (55 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Gav Gol (Persian: گاوگل‎ also Romanized as Gāv Gol; also known as Gāf Gol and Gāvkol) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 30 families.
 Markowo-Wólka [marˈkɔvɔ ˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Yağlı is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 69 people.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād; also known as Tājīābād) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Radievo is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Dumriq (Persian: دومريق‎ also Romanized as Dūmrīq; also known as Domrīq) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 40 families.
 Abazar (Persian: اباذر‎ also Romanized as Abāz̄ar) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 17 families.
 Grabówki [ɡraˈbufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kępie [ˈkɛmpjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Oleśnica 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Staszów and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 196.
 Kadadahalli is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Anjireh (Persian: انجيره‎ also Romanized as Anjīreh; also known as Anjīr) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 894 in 140 families.
 Mohammad Khalaj (Persian: محمدخلج‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Khalaj; also known as Muhammad Khalach) is a village in Bizineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1714 in 408 families.
 Przecław [ˈpʂɛt͡swaf] (formerly German Pritzlow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Police and 9 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Szczecin.Between 1720 and 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1500.
 Paleh Bid-e Sofla (Persian: پله بيدسفلي‎ also Romanized as Paleh Bīd-e Soflá; also known as Palebīd Pal-e Bīd and Paleh Bīd) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 17 families.
 Mirzajan (Persian: ميرزاجان‎ also Romanized as Mīrzājān) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Kakonin [kaˈkɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Bieliny and 22 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 350.
 Iztochnik is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Kalugerovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Simeonovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Shah Vali (Persian: شاه ولي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Valī; also known as Qabr Bābā and Qīr-e Bābā Shāh Valī) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Posht-e Gol (Persian: پشتگل‎; also known as Pesteh Kal and Posht Kal) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Nankyisaung is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Mehranjan-e Arameneh (Persian: مهرنجان ارامنه‎ also Romanized as Mehranjān-e Ārāmeneh) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 70 families.
 Masarguppi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت آباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 38 families.
 Sar Ghashk (Persian: سرغشك‎; also known as Sar-e Ghashak) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 16 families.
 Devin (Persian: دوين‎ also Romanized as Devīn; also known as Deven Doon and Dūn) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 93 families.
 Monond-e Bala (Persian: منندبالا‎ also Romanized as Monond-e Bālā; also known as Monond and Manūn) is a village in Qohestan Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 87 families.
 Baczyn [ˈbat͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Choszczno and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Polków-Daćbogi [ˈpɔlkuf dat͡ɕˈbɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kuy Bolagh (Persian: كوي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Kūy Bolāgh) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District Pish Khowr District Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Ebrahimabad-e Olya va Sofla (Persian: ابراهيم آباد عليا و سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e ‘Olyā va Soflá; also known as Ebrāhīmābād and Ībrāhīmābād) is a village in Kowleh Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 40 families.
 Baluga is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 434 people.
 Stokite is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Kaluim (Persian: كلوييم‎ also Romanized as Kalū’īm and Kolū’īm; also known as Kalvīm and Keleim) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 473 in 103 families.
 Czarne Błoto [ˈt͡ʂarnɛ ˈbwɔtɔ] (German: Schwarzbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) west of Toruń and 32 km (20 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.
 Çayır is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 402 people.
 Grabovnica Croatia is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway.
 Par Neveshteh-ye Yek (Persian: پرنوشته يك‎; also known as Par Neveshteh) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Bučkovići na Bezujanci (Cyrillic: Бучковићи на Безујанци) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Torčec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D20 highway.
 Hussainiwala(ਹੁਸੈਨੀਵਾਲਾ)is a village in Ferozepur district in Punjab state India. It lies near the banks of the Sutlej river. The village is on the border with Pakistan opposite the Pakistani village of Ganda Singh Wala. The town is named after Imam Hussain grandson of the Prophet Muhammad.
 Abu Abud (Persian: ابوعبود‎ also Romanized as Abū ‘Abūd; also known as Rūstā-ye Abū ‘Ayūd) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 64 families.
 Swochowo [sfɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Bielice 13 km (8 mi) west of Pyrzyce and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Yowla Galdi (Persian: يولاگلدي‎ also Romanized as Yowlā Galdī) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District in the Central District of Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3590 in 789 families.
 Ganj Darreh-ye Sofla (Persian: گنج دره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ganj Darreh-ye Soflá; also known as Ganjereh-ye Vostā) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 18 families.
 Wielkolas [vjɛlˈkɔlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Abramów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Abramów 24 km (15 mi) west of Lubartów and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.In 2005 the village had a population of 657.
 Bidrubeh Pumping Stations (Persian: تلمبه خانه بیدروبه‎ – Tolombeh Khāneh Bīdrūbeh) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 18 families.
 Quzluy-e Sofla (Persian: قوزلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūy-e Soflá; also known as Qowzlū-ye Pā’īn and Qowzlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 49 families.
 Güneyçalıca is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 163 people.
 Simariya is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4127 people living in 791 individual households.
 Zagórnik [zaˈɡurɲik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Andrychów 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Wadowice and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2119.
 Mallaha (Arabic: ملاّحة‎) was a Palestinian Arab village located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) northeast of Safed on the highway between the latter and Tiberias. 'Ain Mallaha is the local Arabic name for a spring that served as the water source for the village inhabitants throughout the ages. It is also one of the names used in English to refer to the ancient Natufian era settlement at the site.
 Sarduk (Persian: سردوك‎ also Romanized as Sardūk) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 13 families.
 Bożejewice [bɔʐɛjɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Lutike is a village in Palupera Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It's located about 9 km (6 mi) northeast of the town of Otepää. Lutike has a population of 27 (as of 1 January 2011).There are several lakes located in the village. One of them is Lake Leigo where the Leigo Lake Music Festival is being held annually since 1998.Children's writer Leida Tigane has described the life in Lutike village in the 1920s in her novel Seitse pastlapaari.
 Gavgol-e Qaleh (Persian: گاوگل قلعه‎ also Romanized as Gāvgol-e Qal‘eh; also known as Gāvkol Gāvkol-e Pā’īn and Gāvkol-e Soflá) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 45 families.
 Sharafdar Kola-ye Olya (Persian: شرفداركلا عليا‎ also Romanized as Sharafdār Kolā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Sharafdār Kolā) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 910 in 232 families.
 Góry [ˈɡurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Korczew 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 115 km (71 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Zafaran-e Olya (Persian: زعفران عليا‎ also Romanized as Za‘farān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Za‘farān) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 634 in 147 families.
 Sanur (Persian: سنور‎ also Romanized as Sanūr) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 47 families.
 Agrahar (Raichur) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Raichur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Endarutenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mazraeh-ye Javad ol Ayimeh Abbasabad (Persian: مزرعه جوادالائمه عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Javād ol Āyimeh ʿAbbāsābād) is a village in Shaab Jereh Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ezzabad (Persian: عزاباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ezzābād; also known as Ez Abad Marvdasht and ‘Ezzābād-e Marvdasht) is a village in Khobriz Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 38 families.
 Bijeqin (Persian: بيجقين‎ also Romanized as Bījeqīn Bijaqīn and Bayjaqīn; also known as Bidzhin and Bījgīn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1025 in 199 families.
 Przegaliny Małe [pʂɛɡaˈlinɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Komarówka Podlaska 17 km (11 mi) east of Radzyń Podlaski and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 146.
 Staynovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Fazlabad (Persian: فضل اباد‎ also Romanized as Faẕlābād) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 31 families.
 Hiran (Persian: هيران‎ also Romanized as Hīrān) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 41 families.
 Murani (Persian: موراني‎ also Romanized as Mūrānī and Mūrūni) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1765 in 411 families.
 Sarıcəfərli is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 481.[citation needed]
 Ciruelos (Spanish for plum trees pronounced: [siˈɾwelos] ) is a Chilean village located southeast of Pichilemu Cardenal Caro Province. As of 1899 it had very few inhabitants a free school and a post office.
 Shirinabad (Persian: شيرين اباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrīnābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Haresabad (Persian: حارث اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩāres̄ābād; also known as Moslemābād) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1339 in 368 families.
 Medinci is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D34 highway.
 Jagłowiec [jaˈɡwɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bavan (Persian: باوان‎ also Romanized as Bāvān) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1106 in 208 families.
 Parviz Khanlu (Persian: پرويزخانلو‎ also Romanized as Parvīz Khānlū) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 57 families.
 Latvica is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 323 people.
 Dansar Kaldan (Persian: دنسركالدان‎ also Romanized as Dansar Kāldān) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 31 families.
 Musaabad (Persian: موسي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād Moosa Abad and Mūsīābād; also known as Mūsá) is a village in Kiar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 607 in 145 families.
 Dazuk (Persian: دازوك‎ also Romanized as Dāzūk; also known as Dāzak) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 12 families.
 Siah Kamareh Zali (Persian: سياه كمره زالي‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kamareh Zālī and Sīāh Kamar-e Zālī) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 38 families.
 Aversi (Persian: اورسي‎ also Romanized as Āversī and Aversī) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 664 in 127 families.
 Amchok is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4288 persons living in 755 individual households.
 Srednje (Serbian: Средње) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Astin Dar-e Vosta (Persian: استين دروسطي‎ also Romanized as Āstīn Dar-e Vostá) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Cheshmeh Chai-ye Olya (Persian: چشمه چاي عليا‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chāī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Cheshmeh Chāhī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Karezan Rural District Karezan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Dabravino is a village in the municipality of Avren in Varna Province Bulgaria.
 Wyganów [vɨˈɡanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kobylin 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Krotoszyn and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ytre Snillfjord is a village in the municipality of Snillfjord in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located along the Snillfjorden near where it joins the Hemnfjorden. It is located about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) west of the municipal center of Krokstadøra and about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northeast of Kyrksæterøra in neighboring Hemne. The lake Våvatnet lies about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) southeast of the village.
 Kaevere is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Holwerd is a village in the northern Netherlands in the province of Friesland. Wadloopcentrum Fryslân in Holwerd is a center for the training of wadlopen guides and the preservation of the sport. It was the birthplace of astronomer Johannes Phocylides Holwarda. Holwerd had a station on the North Friesland Railway which opened in 1901 and closed to passengers in May 1935. It closed completely in July 1942. The ferry to Ameland departs from Holwerd.
 Szczepowice [ʂt͡ʂɛpɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 300.
 Medyka [mɛˈdɨka] is a village in Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Medyka. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Przemyśl and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.In 2006 the village had a population of approximately 2800.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 31 families.
 Büyükburhaniye is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Salahu (Persian: صلاهو‎ also Romanized as Şalāhū) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 20 families.
 Rockville is a village in Sherman County Nebraska United States. The population was 106 at the 2010 census.
 Beyce is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 300 people.
 Zherizhban (Persian: ژريژبان‎ also Romanized as Zherīzhbān and Zharīzhbān) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 476 in 90 families.
 Gornje Trnjane is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 250 people.
 Vik (also Vik i Helgeland) is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Sømna in Nordland county Norway. It lies about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of the village of Berg. The local church Sømna Church was built here in 1876. The 0.72-square-kilometre (180-acre) village has a population (2011) of 364. The population density is 506 inhabitants per square kilometre (1310 /sq mi).
 Abrafo is a small village located in Twifo/Heman/Lower Denkyira District of the Central Region of Ghana about 30 kilometers north of Cape Coast.
 Piątków [ˈpjɔntkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Zwoleń and 99 km (62 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Poznachowice Dolne [pɔznaxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wiśniowa 14 km (9 mi) east of Myślenice and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Karki is a village in Honnavar Taluk in Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka state India.
 Sargezi (Persian: سرگزي‎ also Romanized as Sargezī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 16 families.
 Zubowice [zubɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of Zamość and 99 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 560.
 Olendry [ɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Siemiatycze and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 47.
 Pudłówek [pudˈwuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kamshoku (Persian: كمشكو‎ also Romanized as Kamshokū) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Węgrów and 71 km (44 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 30.
 Chah-e Shur (Persian: چاه شور‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shūr and Chāh Shūr) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 34 families.
 Hurilar (Persian: حوري لر‎ also Romanized as Ḩūrīlar; also known as Khūrīlar and Khvorīlar) is a village in Leylan-e Shomali Rural District Leylan District Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 69 families.
 Załęże Duże [zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Grójec and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Sakala is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4791.
 Kličići (Serbian: Кличићи) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Stanatovići (Cyrillic: Станатовићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zofianka Górna [zɔˈfjaŋka ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Janów Lubelski and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kokapet is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Rajendranagar mandal.The Outer Ring Road passes through the village. It is three kilometres away from Gandipet and close to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport; it is almost an extension of Financial District and in the vicinity of the IT hub.In a government auction in 2006 a five acre land was bought for 14.45 crores per acre.
 Osina [ɔˈɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Barlinek 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Myślibórz and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Ramche is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal.
 Shi‘b adh Dhi’b is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Aseminun (Persian: اسمينون‎ also Romanized as Āsemīnūn) is a village in Nowdezh Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 39 families.
 Churk Muzan (Persian: چورك موزان‎ also Romanized as Chūrk Mūzān; also known as Chūrkeh Mūzan) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Anjilavand-e Olya (Persian: انجيلاوندعليا‎ also Romanized as Anjīlāvand-e ‘Olyā; also known as Anjīlāvand Anjīlāvand-e Bālā Anjīlāvand-e Kohneh Anjīlāvand Khūneh and Anjīlāvand Kūhneh) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 39 families.
 Dobrochy [dɔˈbrɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Makowiec [maˈkɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Mohnfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrostkowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Chrostkowo 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Lipno and 44 km (27 mi) east of Toruń.
 Bharoana is a village in Sultanpur Lodhi tehsil of Kapurthala district in East Punjab (Indian Punjab). It was affected by the floods with other villages of the tehsil in 2008.
 Deil is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Geldermalsen and lies about 12 km west of Tiel.Deil was a separate municipality until 1978 when it became a part of Geldermalsen.In 2001 the village of Deil had 1482 inhabitants.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت آباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Daulatābād and Qalālū Khān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 29 families.
 Amirabad-e Sarzeh (Persian: اميرابادسرزه‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Sarzeh) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 28 families.
 Lenjan (Persian: لنجان‎ also Romanized as Lenjān; also known as Līnjān) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kraszewo-Czubaki [kraˈʂɛvɔ t͡ʂuˈbaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Veskoviće is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 50 people.
 Qaleh Chal (Persian: قلعه چال‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Chāl and Qal‘ehchāl) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 19 families.
 Malashi (Persian: ملاشي‎ also Romanized as Malāshī; also known Qorbānābād) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 47 families.
 Łabuńki Drugie [waˈbuɲki ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Łabunie 8 km (5 mi) east of Zamość and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sieradza [ɕeˈrad͡za] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Żabno 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Tarnów and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Braničevo is a village in the municipality of Golubac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 942 people.
 Nallacheruvu (Telugu: నల్లచెరువు) is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Kosatica is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 353 people.
 Rashideh (Persian: رشيده‎ also Romanized as Rashīdeh Reshīdeh and Rosheydeh) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowtowr-e Golab (Persian: موتورگلاب‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Golāb) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Ilıca is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 365 people.
 Gavshaleh (Persian: گاوشله‎ also Romanized as Gāvshaleh; also known as Gāveh Sheleh) is a village in Sara Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 32 families.
 Klukowo [kluˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 79 km (49 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Aicuña is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Edakkara is a developing town in the Malappuram district Kerala India.
 Laupstad is a village in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the island of Austvågøya at the end of the Austnesfjorden about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of the village of Liland. The European route E10 highway runs through the village. The mountain Higravtindan lies about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of Laupstad and the municipal boundary with Hadsel lies just north of the village.
 Albu Naim (Persian: البونعيم‎ also Romanized as Ālbū Na‘īm Al Bowna‘īm Ālbū Na‘ayyem Al Būna‘īm and Āl-e Bū Na‘īm) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 44 families.
 Saqar Tappeh (Persian: سقرتپه‎) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District Gomishan District Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1101 in 195 families.
 Saravan (Persian: سراوان‎ also Romanized as Sarāvān Sarawān and Seravan) is a village in Saravan Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5740 in 1511 families.
 Kuchary Kościelne [kuˈxarɨ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rychwał 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Konin and 90 km (56 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Daqdaqabad (Persian: داق داق اباد‎ also Romanized as Dāqdāqābād) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4879 in 1174 families.
 Chayerlu (Persian: چايرلو‎ also Romanized as Chāyerlū and Chāy Yerlū; also known as Chehārlu) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 742 in 152 families.
 Kalika Bagmati is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2190 and had 415 houses in the village.
 Emamqoli Kandi-ye Olya (Persian: امامقلي كندي عليا‎ also Romanized as Emāmqolī Kandī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 45 families.
 Kolga Tartu County is a village in Nõo Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Phajeer is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Salmanabad (Persian: سلمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Salmānābād; also known as Soleymānābād) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Jub Kabud-e Olya (Persian: جوب كبودعليا‎ also Romanized as Jūb Kabūd-e ‘Olyā and Joob Kaboodé Olya; also known as Jow Kabūd-e Bālā Jūb Kabūd and Jūb Kabūd-e Bālā) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 61 families.
 Miljeno (Cyrillic: Миљено) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tolombeh-ye Baqeri (Persian: تلمبه باقري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bāqerī) is a village in Rahmat Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sajókaza is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Madan Qaleh (Persian: معدن قلعه‎ also Romanized as Ma‘dan Qal‘eh and Ma‘dan-e Qal‘eh) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Vanadurga Fort also spelled as Wanadurga Fort (Kannada: ವನದುರ್ಗ ಕೋಟೆ ) lies in Vanadurga village in Shahapur taluk of Yadgir district in Karnataka state India. Vanadurga Fort was built by Shorapur dynasty. Vanadurga village is west to Shahapur and north to Shorapur.
 Jessheim is a city in the Ullensaker municipality in Akershus of Norway.The name Jessheim is from Norse Jasseimr or Jesseímr where the first part has unknown origin while the second part (heimr) means home. It is also possible that the first part Jess can mean jarl or jarls (earls). The name was originally used for the Hovin parish.
 Lakhanpur Nepal is a Village Development Committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6058 people residing in 1100 individual households.
 Sahray-e Bugal (Persian: صحرائ بوگال‎ also Romanized as Şaḩrāy-e Būgāl) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 6 families.
 Böke is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Nadakuduru is a village situated in East Godavari district near Kakinada town in Andhra Pradesh State.
 Arrow Point is a village in White River Township Barry County Missouri United States. The population was 86 at the 2010 census.
 Korytki [kɔˈrɨtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kesri (Persian: كسري‎ also Romanized as Kesrī) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 7 families.
 Coachford (Irish: Áth an Chóiste) is a village in County Cork Ireland. It is located on the north side of the River Lee. Coachford owes its name to once being a crossing point over a stream for horse-drawn coaches and this stream continues to flow beneath the village to the present day. The Lee was flooded for a hydroelectric power plant and farmland including many houses were flooded by the newly formed lake.
 Sheykh Ali (Persian: شيخ عالي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Ālī; also known as Sheykhā’ī) is a village in Fin Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Struganik is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.
 Durdy [ˈdurdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Baranów Sandomierski 20 km (12 mi) south of Tarnobrzeg and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Jurová (Hungarian: Dercsika Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈdɛrtʃikɒ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Sanice [saˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przewóz within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-west of Żary and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Wędzina [vɛnˈd͡ʑina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciasna within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Ciasna 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Lubliniec and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 675.
 Chumael is a village in the Bafatá Region of southern-central Guinea-Bissau. It lies to the northeast of Mampata and the Corubal River.
 Thukkapur is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Atmakur mandal.
 Pakal (Persian: پاكل‎ also Romanized as Pākal) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Zambrzyce-Jankowo [zamˈbʐɨt͡sɛ jaŋˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bellova Ves (Hungarian: Vittény Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈviteːɲ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.Census 2011: 229 inhabitants122 slovaks 56 Hungarians and 51 others nationality
 Atalu (Persian: عطالو‎ also Romanized as ‘Aţālū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 19 families.
 Nässuma is a village in Pihtla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Nowy Gaj [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Góra Świętej Małgorzaty 13 km (8 mi) east of Łęczyca and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Krasnopol [krasˈnɔpɔl] is a village in Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Krasnopol. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Sejny and 111 km (69 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1300.
 Bhadgau Sinawari is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8737 people living in 1681 individual households.
 Toporów [tɔˈpɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Iwaniska 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Opatów and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 170.
 Gowd Gol (Persian: گودگل‎) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lipnik [ˈlipnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Kije 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Pińczów and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Patadewal is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2989 and had 440 houses in the village.
 Mirch (Persian: ميرچ‎ also Romanized as Mīrch) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 613 in 142 families.
 Jelakci (Serbian: Јелакци) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 437 people.
 Posądza [pɔˈsɔnd͡za] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Proszowice and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Beileguet Litama is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Umber View Heights is a village in Cedar County Missouri United States. The population was 48 at the 2010 census.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 13 families.
 Półwieś [ˈpuu̯vjɛɕ] (German Ebenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Kyang is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2279 people living in 443 individual households.
 Vlahi (village) is a village in Kresna Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Stará Voda (Hradec Králové District) is a village and municipality in Hradec Králové District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Baruy Emir (Persian: بروي امير‎ also Romanized as Barūy Emīr) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Berkåk is a village and administrative centre of the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the Orkla River and the European route E6 highway. The village lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of Ulsberg and 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) southeast of Stamnan. The Berkåk Station on the Dovrebanen railway is located in the village. Berkåk Church is located in the village.The 1.27-square-kilometre (310-acre) village of Berkåk has a population (2009) of 950.
 Qaleh Now (Persian: قلعه نو‎ also Romanized as Qal`eh Now) is a village in Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 79 families.
 Radoševo is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 370 people.
 Ashin-e Olya (Persian: اشين عليا‎ also Romanized as Āshīn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ashin Āshīn Bālā and Āshīn-e Bālā) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 38 families.
 Salat is a village in Kulpahar subdistrict in Uttar Pradesh.
 Villa Campanario is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Kosowo [kɔˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Cekcyn 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Tuchola and 49 km (30 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Kalitu (Persian: كليتو‎ also Romanized as Kalītū) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 11 families.
 Baksa (Arabic: بكسا‎) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Latakia Governorate located north of Latakia. Nearby localities include al-Shamiyah Kirsana and al-Qanjarah to the north Burj al-Qasab to the west Sitmarkho to the east and Sqoubin to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Baksa had a population of 3001 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.
 Illuka is a village in Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Illuka Parish.
 Natolin [naˈtɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceranów within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ceranów 28 km (17 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Homorúd is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Do Gush (Persian: دوگوش‎ also Romanized as Do Gūsh and Dogūsh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Adamów Rososki [aˈdamuf rɔˈsɔski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Chynów 20 km (12 mi) east of Grójec and 35 km (22 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Kullimaa is a village in Käru Parish Rapla County in western-central Estonia.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Chah Varz Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 72 families.
 Morghdari-ye Sabah (Persian: مرغدارئ صباح‎ also Romanized as Morghdāri-ye Sabāḥ) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families. The name means Sabah Poultry.
 Slanchevo is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province Bulgaria.
 Panampatti 	(Tamil: பானம்பட்டி ) is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Khamestan (Persian: خمستان‎ also Romanized as Khamestān and Khomestān) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 10 families.
 Krzemity [kʂɛˈmitɨ] (German Kremitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Korsze 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 40.
 Kohneh Rudposht (Persian: كهنه رودپشت‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Rūdposht) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 131 families.
 Szafranki [ʂaˈfraŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Filipów 21 km (13 mi) west of Suwałki and 120 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Külasema is a village in Muhu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Drużbice-Kolonia [druʐˈbit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Taleh Varan (Persian: طاله وران‎ also Romanized as Ţāleh Varān; also known as Ţālvarān) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 51 families.
 Rompilli or Rompalli is a village and panchayat in Ramabhadrapuram mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India.There is a railway station at Rompalli in the branch railway line between Salur and Bobbili. Daily rail bus services are operated between these stations.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łubnice 12 km (7 mi) south of Staszów and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 255.
 Rohu (also spelled as Ruhoo) is situated in Anantnag tehsil and located in Anantnag district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
 Bazguiyeh (Persian: بزگويه‎ also Romanized as Bazgūīyeh) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 57 families.
 Leszczka [ˈlɛʂt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kurtkulağı is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Rokytňany is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Hava Daraq (Persian: هوادرق‎ also Romanized as Havā Daraq; also known as Hāvārdaraq) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Kungi is a village in Põdrala Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 45 (as of 1 January 2012).
 Jílové u Držkova is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Bacakoğlu is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Alto Ramirez (Spanish for Upper Ramírez pronounced: [ˈalto raˈmiɾes] ) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu Cardenal Caro Province.
 Kamionki Małe [kaˈmjɔnki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Obierwia [ɔˈbjɛrvja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Żurawiniec [ʐuraˈviɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Ostrówek 15 km (9 mi) north of Lubartów and 39 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Shafiabad (Persian: شفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Shafī‘ābād) is a village in Fenderesk-e Jonubi Rural District Fenderesk District Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1051 in 262 families.
 Hargondi (Persian: هرگندي‎ also Romanized as Hargondī) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 15 families.
 Velykyi Zholudsk (Ukrainian: Великий Жолудськ) is a village in Volodymyrets Raion Rivne Oblast Ukraine. As of the year 2001 the community had 796 residents. Postal code — 34364. KOATUU code — 5620881501.
 Kapadne (Marathi:कापडणे) is a small village in the state of Maharashtra India. It is located in the Dhule taluka of Dhule district in Maharashtra.
 Marintoumania is a village and commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. In 2009 the commune had a population of 6927.
 Deh-e Hajji (Persian: ده حاجي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩājjī Deh Ḩājī and Deh Ḩājjī) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Margan-e Esmail Kandi (Persian: مرگن اسماعيل كندي‎ also Romanized as Margan-e Esmā‘īl Kandī) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 92 families.
 Gaduk Boneh-ye Pir (Persian: گدوك بنه پير‎ also Romanized as Gadūk Boneh-ye Pīr; also known as Boneh Pīr and Boneh-ye Pīr) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 10 families.
 Dunagiri is a historic area in Almora district in the state of Uttarakhand in India. Approximately 400 km (250 mi) from Delhi a cluster of six small villages forms the place that is variously known as Dunagiri Drongiri and Doonagiri. 116 such villages combine to form the Development Block of Dwarahat which falls under the District of Almora.
 Kalateh-ye Bozorg (Persian: كلاته بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bozorg) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 37 families.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 60 families.
 Qezel Qabr (Persian: قزل قبر‎) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 26 families.
 Stanisławie [staniˈswavjɛ] (German Stenzlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies close to Tczew 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 338.
 Plavnice Stare is a village in Croatia.
 Jirny is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Siwiki [ɕiˈviki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Zbójna 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Łomża and 95 km (59 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bolesławów [bɔlɛˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyrów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Przyrów 33 km (21 mi) east of Częstochowa and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 169.
 About this sound Olza is a village in Gmina Gorzyce Wodzisław County Silesian Voivodeship Poland. It has a population of 1694. The village lies on the Olza River on the border with the Czech Republic. It is the last settlement located on the Olza River before its confluence with the Odra River.
 Kawęczyn Sędziszowski [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn sɛnd͡ʑiˈʂɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów Małopolski within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sędziszów Małopolski 8 km (5 mi) east of Ropczyce and 20 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1100.
 Qaleh-ye Kazhdamak (Persian: قلعه كژدمك‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Kazhdamak; also known as Qal‘eh Gazhdam) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 46 families.
 Malay Sheykh-e Ginklik (Persian: مالاي شيخ گينك ليك‎ also Romanized as Mālāy Sheykh-e Gīnklīk; also known as Mollā Sheykh Gīngīlīk and Gīnk Līk-e Mālāy Sheykh) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1883 in 375 families.
 Tandarak (Persian: تندرك‎; also known as ‘Omarābād) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 21 families.
 Żebry-Wierzchlas [ˈʐɛbrɨ ˈvjɛʂxlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Ostrołęka and 96 km (60 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Azmanite is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Pol-e Zoghal (Persian: پل ذغال‎ also Romanized as Pol-e Z̄oghāl) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Raczyn [ˈrat͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Szamocin 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Chodzież and 72 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 130.
 Dziecinin [d͡ʑeˈt͡ɕinin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Krasnystaw and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ab Anar (Persian: آب‌انار‎ also Romanized as Āb Anār) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 9 families.
 Khatunabad (Persian: خاتون آباد‎ also Romanized as Khātūnābād) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 751 in 186 families.
 Tulsiyahi Nikas is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3722 persons living in 597 individual households.
 Laukhella is a village in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. The village lies to the west of the village of Silsand on the island of Senja. It is located along the Laksfjorden about 5 km (3.1 mi) west of the municipal centre of Finnsnes. The village and surrounding area is home to several hundred people and one major local industry is a prefabricated house factory. Islandsbotn stadium is also here which is the home field of the FK Senja football team.
 Bakounourou is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located south of the city centre.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1763 in 416 families.
 Tatary [taˈtarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nidzica and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Rosolin [rɔˈsɔlʲin] (Ukrainian: Росолин Rosolyn) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Czarna 14 km (9 mi) south of Ustrzyki Dolne and 91 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Jayezan-e Kohneh (Persian: جايزان كهنه‎ also Romanized as Jāyezān-e Kohneh and Jāyzānkohneh; also known as Jāizān and Jāyezān) is a village in Jayezan Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 63 families.
 Ab Chenar-e Sofla (Persian: اب چنارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Āb Chenār-e Soflá) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 814 in 133 families.
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād; also known as Kūhsābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 80 families.
 Pūčkornės is a village in Valkininkų (lt) (Valkininkai) eldership Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 128 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 20.
 Mizan (Persian: ميزان‎ also Romanized as Mīzān) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 632 in 143 families.
 Hoseyniyeh (Persian: حسينيه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Arahatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Bloomdale is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 678 at the 2010 census.
 Midan Morad (Persian: ميدان مراد‎ also Romanized as Mīdān Morād) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 27 families.
 Shir Daneh (Persian: شيردانه‎ also Romanized as Shīr Dāneh) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Khaneh Hay Saliman (Persian: خانه هاي سليمان‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Hāy Salīmān) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 47 families.
 Koczwara [kɔt͡ʂˈfara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Końskie and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Rogożany [rɔɡɔˈʐanɨ] (German Rosen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Kietrz 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Głubczyce and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 219.
 Rudi (Persian: رودي‎ also Romanized as Rūdī) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 16 families.
 Czerna [ˈt͡ʂɛrna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Krzeszowice and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1252. Religions: Roman Catholicism Jehovah's Witnesses (1%).
 Tagarg Ab (Persian: تگرگ اب‎ also Romanized as Tagarg Āb) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District Gandoman District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 22 families.
 Stefanów Ruszkowski [stɛˈfanuf ruʂˈkɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Brzeźnio 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Marak (Persian: مرك‎ also Romanized as Marāk) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 136 families.
 Deh Baneh-ye Eslamabad (Persian: دهبنه اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Deh Baneh-ye Eslāmābād; also known as De-Bane Deh Baneh and Deh Boneh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3625 in 998 families.
 Miodusy [mjɔˈdusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Gozdowo 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Sierpc and 101 km (63 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Nagamangalam is a village in the Srirangam taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Shaleh (Persian: شله‎) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 42 families.
 Murzangi (Persian: مورزنگي‎ also Romanized as Mūrzangī; also known as Mūrazmgī) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Glinno [ˈɡlinnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 974.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kumçay is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 153 people.
 Gordlidan (Persian: گردليدان‎ also Romanized as Gordlīdān and Gerd Līdān; also known as Bord Līdān) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 19 families.
 Siemowo [ɕeˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Gostyń and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 450.
 Iska is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Gundur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gangawati taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Taviran-e Sofla (Persian: طاويران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ţāvīrān-e Soflá; also known as Ţāvīrān-e Vostá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 25 families.
 Safadasht (Persian: صفادشت‎ also Romanized as Şafādasht) is a village in Cheshmeh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Khvansar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 27 families.
 Quzlu (Persian: قوزلو‎ also Romanized as Qūzlū; also known as Qūzollū and Qūzūllū) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 52 families.
 Qarah Qobad (Persian: قره قباد‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qobād and Qareh Qobād) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 499 in 122 families.
 Myscowa [mɨsˈt͡sɔva] (Ukrainian: Мисцева Mystseva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krempna 25 km (16 mi) south of Jasło and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gur Gaz (Persian: گورگز‎ also Romanized as Gūr Gaz and Gūr Goz; also known as Gorgoz Gūrgūz and Kūrgōs) is a village in Sangestan Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 47 families.
 Adguri is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the town had a population of 4174 living in 804 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 4409 of which 57% was literate.
 Gornji Hrgovi is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Tavankesh (Persian: توانكش‎ also Romanized as Tavānkesh) is a village in Shahu Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 68 families.
 Kadina Luka is a village situated in Ljig municipality in Serbia.
 Wólka Rokicka [ˈvulka rɔˈkit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Lubartów and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Michkar (Persian: ميچكار‎ also Romanized as Mīchkār; also known as Mīchar) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 45 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولتاباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Daulatābād) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 530 in 107 families.
 Chilak-e Sofla (Persian: چيلك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chīlak-e Soflá; also known as Chīlak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 197 families.
 Qaleh-ye Someh (Persian: قلعه سمه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Someh; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Sowmeh) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 25 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Baziar (Persian: تلمبه بازيار‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bāzīār) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Trbušnica (Serbian: Трбушница) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Kirila is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Linowiec [liˈnɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Sajólászlófalva is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Konar Miri (Persian: كنارميري‎ also Romanized as Konār Mīrī) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 27 families.
 Essiama is a town near Axim in the Nzema East Municipal District a district in the Western Region of Ghana.
 Asiyab-e Shekasteh (Persian: اسياب شكسته‎ also Romanized as Āsīyāb-e Shekasteh) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 6 families.
 Brđani is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1227 people.
 Qanbarlu (Persian: قنبرلو‎ also Romanized as Qanbarlū) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 42 families.
 Fortun is a village in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located in the Fortundalen valley just east of Skjolden at the innermost part of the Lustrafjorden. The Sognefjellsvegen road passes through the village. Fortun is an old church site having a stave church on the site since the 1100s. The present Fortun Church was built in 1879 in the village and it serves the eastern part of the municipality.
 Hatkhiphong is a river village in Bolikhamsai Province in western Laos. It is the located in Borikhane District along the Nam Xan River east of Borikham and south of Paodon.
 Ujeździec Wielki [uˈjɛʑd͡ʑɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 18 families.
 Sellappanpettai is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Qoliabad (Persian: قلي آباد‎ also Romanized as Qolīābād) is a village in Nanur Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 16 families.
 Koraćica (Serbian: Кораћица) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Dasht-e Enqolab (Persian: دشت انقلاب‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Enqolāb) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Kavirat District Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Łucjanowo [wut͡sjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wronki 21 km (13 mi) west of Szamotuły and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 50.
 Solca Wielka [ˈsɔlt͡sa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ozorków 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sułkówek [suu̯ˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ługi [ˈwuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Szreńsk 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Mława and 108 km (67 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kovachevo Blagoevgrad Province is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād and Haidarābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6726 in 1449 families.
 Kaht (Persian: كهت‎ also Romanized as Kahat; also known as Kabat) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 14 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Sarab (Persian: حسين ابادسراب‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sarāb and Ḩoseynābād Sarāb) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 65 families.
 Opoka-Kolonia [ɔˈpɔka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Annopol 24 km (15 mi) west of Kraśnik and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 390.
 Jezierzany [jɛʑɛˈʐanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Miłkowice 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Legnica and 67 kilometres (42 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tuřany (Cheb District) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Marianówka [marjaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dębowa Kłoda 14 km (9 mi) east of Parczew and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Toliszczek [tɔˈliʂt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Gniewino 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 73.
 Jub Sorkh-e Olya (Persian: جوب سرخ عليا‎ also Romanized as Jūb Sorkh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tū Sorkh-e Bālā) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 73 families.
 Noworąblów [nɔvɔˈrɔmbluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Chalaki (Persian: چالكي‎ also Romanized as Chālakī Chālekī and Chalki) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 491 in 130 families.
 Stare Rożno [ˈstarɛ ˈrɔʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 18 km (11 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 71.
 Qareh Kanlu (Persian: قره كانلو‎ also Romanized as Qareh Kānlū Qarīkanlū and Qorīkānlū; also known as Rīkānlū) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 504 in 116 families.
 Kangan (Persian: گنگان‎ also Romanized as Kangān; also known as Gangān and Gankān) is a village in Kangan Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 47 families.
 Wilawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hryniewicze Małe [xrɨɲɛˈvʲit͡ʂɛ ˈmawɛ] (Ukrainian: Гриневичі Hrynevychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Bielsk Podlaski and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Jelenie [jɛˈlɛɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraszewice within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 138 km (86 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gałkowice-Ocin [ɡau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Wilczyce 7 km (4 mi) north of Sandomierz and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 230.
 Qassab Kola-ye Miandeh (Persian: قصاب كلا ميانده‎ also Romanized as Qaşşāb Kolā-ye Mīāndeh; also known as Qaşşāb Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 493 in 121 families.
 Tall Naqareh (Persian: تل نقاره‎ also Romanized as Tall Naqāreh) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Pełczyska [pɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Złota 20 km (12 mi) south of Pińczów and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 460.
 Wólka Nowodworska [ˈvulka nɔvɔdˈvɔrska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 114.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Bełżyce and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bachury [baˈxurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Michałowo and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Janów Lubelski and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 100.
 Nimeh Kareh Kani Rash (Persian: نيمه كاره كاني رش‎ also Romanized as Nīmeh Kāreh Kānī Rash) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 72 families.
 Szklarka Myślniewska [ˈʂklarka mɨɕlˈɲefska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 123 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Zmyślona [zmɨˈɕlɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokrsko within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mokrsko 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Wieluń and 98 km (61 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shineh (Persian: شينه‎ also Romanized as Shīneh) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 11 families.
 Haydarlı Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Primero de Mayo is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Elena (village) is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Szymanowo [ʂɨmaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Baghdadeh (Persian: بغداده‎ also Romanized as Baghdādeh; also known as Bagdâde Baghdād and Baghdadi) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1661 in 406 families.
 Piotrówka [pjɔˈtrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Kępno and 154 km (96 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 390.
 Raba Niżna [ˈraba ˈniʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszana Dolna within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Mszana Dolna 29 km (18 mi) west of Limanowa and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 Roosi is a village in Laheda Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Ziar Kola (Persian: زياركلا‎ also Romanized as Zīār Kolā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 629 in 169 families.
 Farsajin (Persian: فارسجين‎ also Romanized as Fārsajīn Fārsījīn Farsagin Fārsejīn Fārsjīn and Parsadzhin) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District Ziaabad District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1849 in 575 families.
 Mani is a village in India between Mangalooru and Bangalooru along the NH-48. The population is 38838 as of the national census of 2002. The terrain is hilly with paddy fields and arecanut plantations in between. Here a road off shoots to Puttur.
 Chagallu is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. A sub post office located at Chagallu and pincode is 534342
 Robertów [rɔˈbɛrtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacyna within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Pacyna 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 90 km (56 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Rudno Jeziorowe [ˈrudnɔ jɛʑɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 103 km (64 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Si Khvoran-e Bala (Persian: سيخوران بالا‎ also Romanized as Sī Khvorān-e Bālā; also known as Sīkharān-e Bālā Sīkharān-e ‘Oleyā Sīkhorān-e ‘Olyā and Sīkhūrān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 23 families.
 Rannaküla is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Damaragidda (Telugu: దామరగిద్ద) is a mandal and panchayat village in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh. The village of Damaragidda is the only village in the gram panchayat. The mandal is in the Narayanpet Assembly Constituency.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Owjan (Persian: اوجان‎ also Romanized as Owjān) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 668 in 149 families.
 Psakhara (Russian: Псахара) is a village in the Gagra District of Abkhazia.
 Brice is a village in Franklin County Ohio United States on the southeast side of the Columbus metropolitan area. The population was 114 at the 2010 census. The village theme is An Early American Village.
 Świdwie [ˈɕfidvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Sośno 5 km (3 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Kamalabad (Persian: كمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Kamālābād) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 101 families.
 Kalanak (Persian: كلانك‎ also Romanized as Kalānak) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 35 families.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل آباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād; also known as Esma’il Abad Hoomeh) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 745 in 187 families.
 Bagh-e Nasr (Persian: باغ نصر‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Naṣr) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 9 families.
 Tajareh (Persian: تجره‎) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 49 families.
 Manakamana is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5083 and had 889 houses in the town.
 Tharamatipet is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal.
 Meszne [ˈmɛʂnɛ] (German: Wedderwill) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łobez and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Karmaihiya is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5552 people living in 1040 individual households.
 Divar (Persian: ديور‎ also Romanized as Dīvar; also known as Dībar Faqīhā Faqīh Kān and Faqīkān) is a village in Zherizhah Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 32 families.
 Qaytiyya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 War on May 19 1948 by the Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 28 km northeast of Safad bordering both the Hasibani and the Dan Rivers.In 1945 the village had a population of 940.
 Moniatycze-Kolonia [mɔɲaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Hrubieszów and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 171.
 Kallah Gur (Persian: كلاه گور‎ also Romanized as Kallāh Gūr) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Bełcząc [ˈbɛu̯t͡ʂɔnt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Biała Piska 18 km (11 mi) east of Pisz and 106 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 170.
 Raszów [ˈraʂuf] (German: Reussendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kamienna Góra and 84 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Vysoká nad Labem is a village and municipality in Hradec Králové District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Arazi-ye Qaleh Now (Persian: اراضي قلعه نو‎ also Romanized as Ārāz̤ī-ye Qal‘eh Now) is a village in Vakilabad Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 25 families.
 Elyasi (Persian: الياسي‎ also Romanized as Elyāsī) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 11 families.
 Koovappally is a small village under Kanjirappally Taluk in the Kottayam district of Kerala India. It is best known for its rubber industry. There are four educational institutions including one engineering college. Koovappally postal code is 686518.The nearest town is Kanjirappally. The villagers of the town are predominantly Hindu Christian and Muslim.
 Gökçetaş is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated to the east of Göksu River valley at 36°53′N 33°10′E . Its distance to Mut is 65 kilometres (40 mi) and to Mersin is 225 kilometres (140 mi). Population of Gökçetaş is 671 as of 2011. The village is an old village. During the reign of Ottoman sultan Beyazıt II (15th century) it was known as Sekitler.
 Nughab (Persian: نوغاب‎ also Romanized as Nūghāb) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 151 families.
 Dudharakchhe is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10684 people living in 1952 individual households.
 Barand-e Sofla (Persian: بارندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bārand-e Soflá; also known as Bārand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 108 families.
 Maszewo Lęborskie [maˈʂɛvɔ lɛmˈbɔrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Cewice 9 km (6 mi) south of Lębork and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 764.
 Kalandri is a village in Sirohi district in Rajasthan state in India. It is located about 15 km west of Sirohi. Kalandari is the headquarters of a sub tehsil of the district. The Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya of Sirohi district is based here.
 Zarkesh (Persian: زركش‎ also Romanized as Zar Gesh and Zarkish) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Trzebina [tʂɛˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Drzewica 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Krajno Drugie [ˈkrai̯nɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Górno and 17 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Stawisko [staˈviskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 34.
 Agalakote is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Magadi taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Szarów [ˈʂaruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłaj within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Wieliczka and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1337.
 Leśna [ˈlɛɕna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Bodzentyn and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 500.
 Narli Aji Su (Persian: نارلي آجي سو‎ also Romanized as Nārlī Ājī Sū; also known as Nārlī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1029 in 175 families.
 Yuzbashi Chay (Persian: يوزباشي چاي‎ also Romanized as Yūzbāshī Chāy and Yūzbāsh Chāy) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 120 families.
 Družetić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дружетић) is a village in Serbia. It is situated on the banks of the Ub river in the Koceljeva municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 501 in 2002.
 Kargın Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Gerce is a village in Kozaklı Nevşehir Turkey. The population is 143 people.[citation needed]
 Radenka is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 803 people.
 Leśny Dwór [ˈlɛɕnɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Osieczna 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Aliabad-e Tarkan (Persian: علي ابادتركن‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Tarḵan; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Shamkan Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 38 families.
 Yaribudihal is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Winiary Dolne [viˈɲarɨ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Nowy Korczyn 20 km (12 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 154.
 Bagijan (Persian: بگيجان‎ also Romanized as Bagījān; also known as Gījān Ganjān Giniān and Ginjān) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Celinów [t͡sɛˈlinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sadkowice 22 km (14 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lazgireh (Persian: لازگيره‎ also Romanized as Lāzgīreh; also known as Lārīzeh and Lāzīreh) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 6 families.
 Pšenik is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Eshkaft Gav Mishi Kuh Sorkh (Persian: اشكفت گاو ميشي كوه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Eshkaft Gāv Mīshī Kūh Sorkh) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Taraqeh (Persian: طراقه‎ also Romanized as Tarāqeh; also known as Torgheh) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 18 families.
 Mansurabad-e Mehdiyeh (Persian: منصورابادمهديه‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād-e Mehdīyeh; also known as Manşūrābād-e Bālā) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 45 families.
 Darreh Bidad-e Sofla (Persian: دره بيدادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bīdād-e Soflá and Darreh-ye Bīdād-e Soflá; also known as Darreh Bīdād) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Ciecholub [t͡ɕeˈxɔlup] (German Techlipp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kępice 34 km (21 mi) south of Słupsk and 117 km (73 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 161.
 Talakuh (Persian: طالكوه‎ also Romanized as Ţālakūh; also known as Talakukh and Tāleh Kūh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 61 families.
 Cleveland is a village in Oswego County New York United States. The population was 750 at the 2010 census.The Village of Cleveland is at the eastern boundary of the Town of Constantia on Route 49.
 Walichnowy [valixˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sokolniki 17 km (11 mi) east of Wieruszów and 93 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1100.
 Dubrava Zabočka is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D24 highway.
 Mohajarabad (Persian: مهاجراباد‎ also Romanized as Mohājarābād) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 Romany-Janowięta [rɔˈmanɨ janɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sefid Khani (Persian: سفيدخاني‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 38 families.
 Borvayeh (Persian: بروايه‎ also Romanized as Borvāyeh; also known as Al Barwāya Al Būravāyeh Barvāyeh and Borvāyeh-e Kūchek) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 490 in 87 families.
 Jeziorki [jɛˈʑɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Tuczno 24 km (15 mi) west of Wałcz and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 280.
 Dubrave (Cyrillic: Дубраве) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Narutowo ([naruˈtɔvɔ]) (German: Waldhütte) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Skępe 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Lipno and 49 km (30 mi) east of Toruń.
 Rudkhaneh (Persian: رودخانه‎ also Romanized as Rūdkhāneh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 78 families.
 Kalajevo (Lukavac) is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Donja Kruševica is a village in the municipality of Golubac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 350 people.
 Weldon Spring Heights is a village in St. Charles County Missouri United States. The population was 91 at the 2010 census.
 Hajji Jafar Kandi (Persian: حاجي جعفركندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Ja‘far Kandī) is a village in Savalan Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 31 families.
 Aikaranad South is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Ablanitsa (Bulgarian: Абланица) is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Czernice [t͡ʂɛrˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Opinogóra Górna 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 78 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Pierzchały [pjɛʂˈxawɨ] (German: Pettelkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Kociołki [kɔˈt͡ɕɔu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Szypliszki 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Suwałki and 129 km (80 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 50.
 Nirmalidada is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2326 persons living in 410 individual households.
 Kakkanad (Malayalam: കാക്കനാട്) is a region in the city of Kochi in the Kerala India. This is the part of Kochi city where much of its IT industry is based in. It is also the administrative headquarters of the District of Ernakulam (of which the city of Kochi forms a part).In the democratic local government (the Panchayat) Kakkanad is part of Thrikkakara Municipality. Kakkanad is situated in the east part of the city in the District of Ernakulam.
 Avanj (Persian: اونج‎ also Romanized as Āvanj and Evanj) is a village in Olya Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 50 families.
 Gładczyn [ˈɡwatt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qodratabad (Persian: قدرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Qodratābād; also known as Qodratābād-e Salār Mīzārī) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 117 families.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Małkinia Górna 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Sladna (Serbian: Сладна) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Józefy [juˈzɛfɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Węgrów and 58 km (36 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Crljeni is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vallersund is a village in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located about a 5-kilometre (3.1 mi) drive from the village of Jøssund to the east and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northeast of Oksvoll. The Asenvågøy lighthouse is located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the village.
 Ngân Thủy is a commune (xã) and village in Lệ Thủy District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Zardalu Sofla (Persian: زردآلو سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zardālū Soflá; also known as Zardālū) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Yazab (Persian: يزاب‎ also Romanized as Yazāb and Yaz Āb; also known as Ḩamīd) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 49 families.
 Beleš is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 830 people.
 Mansur Dharwad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ramanujapuram is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Varguran (Persian: ورگوران‎ also Romanized as Vargūrān) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 58 families.
 Chah-e Nakh Kuh (Persian: چاه نخكوه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Nakh Kūh) is a village in Yunesi Rural District Yunesi District Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Järvajõe is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It lies on the left bank of the Valgejõgi River.
 Radwanki [radˈvanki] (German Gorka Ernsthof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Bobolice 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 147 km (91 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 30.
 Turem (Persian: تورم‎ also Romanized as Tūrem) is a village in Zardalan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Baharestan (Persian: موتورپم پبهارستان‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Bahārestān) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 8 families.
 Julianka [juˈljanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) north of Toruń.
 Shah Bahrami (Persian: شاه بهرامي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Bahrāmī; also known as Shāh Bahrām) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Deh Now-e Najaf Qoli (Persian: دهنو نجف قلي‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Najaf Qolī; also known as Dehnow-e Najafqoli) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Holbrook is a village in Furnas County Nebraska United States. The population was 207 at the 2010 census.
 Slovac is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Pirehlar-e Shah Qasem (Persian: پيره لرشاه قاسم‎ also Romanized as Pīrehlar-e Shāh Qāsem) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 49 families.
 Donovan is a village in Beaver Township Iroquois County Illinois United States. The population was 351 at the 2000 census.
 Karczyce [karˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Środa Śląska and 21 kilometres (13 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Osiedle Petrykozy [ɔˈɕɛdlɛ pɛtrɨˈkɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nowa Wieś-Zamek [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈzamɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Zbąszyń 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Natun Jharobari is a village in Kamrup situated in north bank of river Brahmaputra .
 Zabartowo [zabarˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Więcbork 17 km (11 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Stara Rossocha [ˈstara rɔsˈsɔxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Róża [ˈruʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Susiec 15 km (9 mi) west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gamichi (Persian: گميچي‎ also Romanized as Gamīchī; also known as Gamīchī Deh) is a village in Jazireh Rural District Ilkhchi District Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 184 families.Gamichi is located on Shahi Island.
 Krzewent [ˈkʂɛvɛnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Kowal 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Sar Kang (Persian: سركنگ‎) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 509 in 115 families.
 Sandneshamn is a village in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located on the northern part of the island of Kvaløya along the Kattfjorden and Norwegian County Road 862 about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of Sommarøy. The village consists of an old 1930s house and several newer cabins. The village is home to fish farming and a kiosk. The Otervik Tunnel is located immediately west of this village.
 Rudka [ˈrutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kunów 7 km (4 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 416.
 Goździelin [ɡɔʑˈd͡ʑelin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 600.
 Kupno [ˈkupnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ponjavići is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Marduvar (Persian: مردووار‎ also Romanized as Mardūvār) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 13 families.
 Lisar Mahalleh (Persian: ليسارمحله‎ also Romanized as Līsār Maḩalleh) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1994 in 488 families.
 Hendileh (Persian: هنديله‎ also Romanized as Hendīleh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Behulibans is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2940.
 Piątnica Włościańska [pjɔntˈnit͡sa vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) east of Piątnica 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Łomża and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 430.
 Jakubów [jaˈkubuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Stara Błotnica 8 km (5 mi) south of Białobrzegi and 71 km (44 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Łazy-Poręba [ˈwazɨ pɔˈrɛmba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Karczówek [karˈt͡ʂuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Topólka 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 65 km (40 mi) south of Toruń.
 Taga is a village and seat of the commune of Femaye in the Cercle of Djenné in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.
 The Village of Pelham is a village in Westchester County New York United States. The population was 6910 at the 2010 census. It is located in the Town of Pelham which is colloquially referred to as Pelham.
 Aalsum (unofficial Frisian name: Ealsum) is a small village counting some 162 inhabitants (January 2004) about 1 km north of Dokkum in Dongeradeel Netherlands. Aalsum is built on a partially excavated terp around a church originally dedicated to St.
 Amiran (Persian: اميران‎ also Romanized as Amīrān; also known as Omehrān) is a village in Rigestan Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 673 in 180 families.
 Wólka Różańska [ˈvulka ruˈʐaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Stoczek Łukowski 25 km (16 mi) west of Łuków and 88 km (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nhơn Hội is a rural commune (xã) and village of the An Phú District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Malka Polyana is a village in the municipality of Aytos in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Metsküla Saare County is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Sahl Mehr Residential Complex (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني ساحل مهر‎ – Mojtame`-ye Maskūnī-ye Sāḥl Mehr) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Zakrocz [ˈzakrɔt͡ʂ] (German: Sagert) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rypin and 57 km (35 mi) east of Toruń.
 Anar-e Shirin (Persian: انارشيرين‎ also Romanized as Anār-e Shīrīn) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tõitse is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Darreh-ye Khalk (Persian: دره خلك‎) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Arshinov is a village in the Atyrau Province of western Kazakhstan.
 Abderaz (Persian: ابدراز‎ also Romanized as Ābderāz and Āb Darāz) is a village in Golbibi Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 552 in 132 families.
 Chah-e Golshani (Persian: چاه گلشني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Golshanī) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gush Laghar (Persian: گوش لاغر‎ also Romanized as Gūsh Lāghar; also known as Qūsh) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1376 in 313 families.
 Rasti (Persian: راستي‎ also Romanized as Rāstī; also known as Maḩalleh-ye Rāstī) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 24 families.
 Morrin is a village in central Alberta Canada. It is located 26 km north of the town of Drumheller along Highway 27 and the Railink Central Western railway.The Morrin Bridge Provincial recreation area is located 10 km west of the village in the Red Deer River valley and Dry Island Buffalo Jump Provincial Park is located 40 km north.Morrin was originally named Blooming Prairie but was renamed Morrin in honour of the engineer of the first train to the village.
 Odrava (German: Kulsam) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 30 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of Karlovy Vary and 140 kilometres (87 mi) west of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 12.64 square kilometres (4.88 sq mi) and as of 2008 it had a population of 222.First written notice about the village is from year 1370.
 Kamak-e Sofla (Persian: كمك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kamak-e Soflá; also known as Kamak and Kamak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 898 in 223 families.
 Dulak (Persian: دولك‎ also Romanized as Dūlak) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 18 families.
 Ashaq Qaleh (Persian: اشاق قلعه‎ also Romanized as Āshāq Qal‘eh Ashāq Qal‘eh Ashshāq Qal‘eh and Esḩāq Qal‘eh; also known as Āshāqī Qal‘eh Es-hagh Ghal”eh Eshāqī Qal‘eh and Is-hāq Qal‘eh) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 53 families.
 Wychody [vɨˈxɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Zamość and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Khichian (Urdu: کھچیاں‎ ) is a village in the Faisalabad District on Chiniot Chak Jhumra road Punjab Pakistan. It is in Tehsil Chak Jhumra's Union Council # 09 and is 4km away from the Faisalabad to Pindi Bhattian Motorway M3 Deputy Wala Interchange. Its Latitude is 31° 36' 27.83Nand Longitude is 73° 07' 31.35E. The people of Khichian use the M3 to commute as it is 140 kilometers away from Lahore and 24 kilometers away from Faisalabad.
 Hrasno Gornje (Cyrillic: Храсно Горње) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Odaikkarai is a small village located 10 km from Cheranmahadevi in the Tirunelveli District of Tamil Nadu India. Odaikkarai has been in existence for over 125 years.Odaikkarai has a population of about one thousand ninety-nine percent of whom are Christian. The village has three churches: the CSI and CMS St. Matthew. The CSI church spire is very tall and it can be seen from remote villages.
 Gaberovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Pelleh Shah (Persian: پله شاه‎ also Romanized as Pelleh Shāh; also known as Pīleh Shāh) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 11 families.
 Pełczyn [ˈpɛu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Trawniki 21 km (13 mi) east of Świdnik and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dasht-e Bozorg (Persian: دشت بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Dasht Bozorg and Dasht-ī-Būzūrg) is a village in Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District Aghili District Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 804 in 168 families.
 Gudebsk [ˈɡudɛpsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Krishnavaram (Tamil: கிருஷ்ணாவரம்) is a village in Bahour Commune of Bahour taluk in the Union Territory of Puducherry India. This is the last village of Puducherry district to lie on NH-45A between Puducherry-Cuddalore. In other words Krishnavaram is the gateway to Puducherry from Cuddalore. There exists an Arch at this village which is mentioned as Mullodai Arch as it lies near Mullodai (Mull Odai). Krishnavaram is also known by the name Mathi Krishnapuram (Tamil: மதி கிருஷ்ணபுரம்).
 Hersvikbygda is a village in Solund Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the northern shores of the island of Sula about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of the municipal centre of Hardbakke. The village is the site of Hersvik Church which serves the northern part of the municipality.
 Mangalam Dam is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It is administered by Vandazhy gram panchayat.
 Roca is a village in Lancaster County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 220 at the 2010 census.
 Tonb Bariku (Persian: تنب باريكو‎ also Romanized as Tonb Bārīkū; also known as Dam Bārīkū Dom Bārīkū and Tam Bārīkū-ye Poshtkū) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 20 families.
 Khalifabad (Persian: خليفاباد‎ also Romanized as Khalīfābād) is a village in Karimabad Rural District Sharifabad District Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 35 families.
 Sworoń [ˈsfɔrɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Osiek 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Staszów and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 189.
 Krzątka [ˈkʂɔntka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Majdan Królewski within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Majdan Królewski 18 km (11 mi) north of Kolbuszowa and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2200.
 Drożyska Średnie [drɔˈʐɨska ˈɕrɛdɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 40.
 Nazarabad-e Olya (Persian: نظرابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Naz̧arābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Naz̧arābād-e Bālā) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Sarab (Persian: سراب‎ also Romanized as Sarāb; also known as Sarab Khoda Bandehloo) is a village in Ali Sadr Rural District Gol Tappeh District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 896 in 203 families.
 Karadnik is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 455 people.
 Skawinki [skaˈviŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lanckorona within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lanckorona 17 km (11 mi) east of Wadowice and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1600.
 Ab Barik (Persian: اب باريك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bārīk Āb-e Bārīk and Āb-ī-Bārīk) is a village in Razan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 904 in 216 families.
 Toreyfeh (Persian: طريفه‎ also Romanized as Ţoreyfeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Felsőtelekes is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. As of 2008 it had a population of 773.
 Jelašci (Cyrillic: Јелашци) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Midjil (Telugu: మిడ్జిల్) is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Bhawanipur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3983 people living in 629 individual households.
 Hesar-e Shah Verdi Khan (Persian: حصارشاهورديخان‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Shāh Verdī Khān; also known as Ḩeşār-e Ḩoseynī) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1040 in 258 families.
 Grabnowola [ɡrabnɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Głowaczów 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 59 km (37 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 150.
 Samoljica (Albanian: Sumulicë) is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 1390 people.
 Nikagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Saran (Persian: سرن‎) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 25 families.
 Burzyn [ˈbuʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Jedwabne 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Łomża and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Naghan District Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 49 families.
 Cheshmeh Bardi (Persian: چشمه بردي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bardī) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 58 families.
 Žedanjsko (Serbian: Жедањско) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Midne (Ukrainian: Мідне) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Pirasafneh (Persian: پيراسفنه‎ also Romanized as Pīrāsafneh and Pīr Esfaneh) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 31 families.
 Sandići (Serbian: Сандићи) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Somandargudi is a village in Viluppuram district in the state of Tamil Nadu India.This small village is located on the north bank of the river Gomuki It is 5 km away from Kallakurichiin Sankarapuram Taluk Villuppuram District.As of 2001 India census Somandargudi had a population of 2742. Males constitute 50% of the population and females 50%. Most of the villagers are farmers. There is an elementary school built by the villagers and inaugurated by Shri K.
 Kushk-e Sar Tang (Persian: كوشك سرتنگ‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Sar Tang and Kūshk-i-Sartang; also known as Amīr Sālār-e Sar Tang and Kūshk) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 813 in 169 families.
 Banayem (Persian: بنايم‎ also Romanized as Banāyem and Banā'em) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 81 families.
 Ostrożne [ɔsˈtrɔʐnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Tłoczewo [twɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Nowe Piekuty 11 km (7 mi) east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Wadi al-Hawarith (Arabic: وادي الحوارث‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tulkarm Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on March 15 1948. It was located 16.5 km northwest of Tulkarm. Wadi al-Hawarith was mostly destroyed with the exception of four houses.In 1945 the village had a total population of 1330.
 Qalaman (Persian: قلمان‎ also Romanized as Qalamān) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 36 families.
 Długie [ˈdwuɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lgota Wielka within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lgota Wielka 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Radomsko and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nargedik is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 180 people.
 Sarailan-e Sar Qaleh (Persian: سرائيلان سرقلعه‎ also Romanized as Sarā'īlān-e Sar Qal‘eh Sarā’īlān Sar Qal‘eh and Sarāylān-e Sar Qal‘eh; also known as Sarāylān) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 22 families.
 Marthandanthurai is a coastal village on the shore of the Arabian Sea in Kanyakumari district Tamil Nadu India near the border with Kerala.The village is part of the Kollemcode panchayat.It belongs to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Trivandrum. This village is known for its beauty and versatility. It is a pilgrimage centre of Our Lady of Lourdu and is dedicated to the patronage of Our Lady of Dolours. The historical AVM Canal flows through this village.
 Ngobin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Cham Qasemali-ye Yek (Persian: چم قاسمعلي يك‎ also Romanized as Cham Qāsem‘alī-ye Yek; also known as Cham Qāsem‘alī and Cham Qāsem ‘Alī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 17 families.
 Deh-e Mian (Persian: ده ميان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mīān Deh Meyān Deh Mīyān; also known as Deh Mū’ī) is a village in Takab Rural District Kuhsorkh District Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 843 in 225 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Gholam Reza Fuladiyan (Persian: مزرعه غلامرضافولاديان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gholām Reẕā Fūlādīyān) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuchar (Persian: كوچار‎ also Romanized as Kūchār; also known as Kūchār-e Kaltūnābād) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District in the Central District of Alborz County Qazvin Province Iran. At the time of the 2006 census its population was 552 in 132 families.
 Beyuz-e Yek (Persian: بيوض يك‎ also Romanized as Beyūẕ-e Yek; also known as Beyūẕ and Boyūz) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 454 in 69 families.
 Kurów Wielki [ˈkuruf ˈvjɛlki] (German: Großkauer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaworzyce within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Gaworzyce 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Polkowice and 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław. It has a population of 50.The oldest known mention of the village is from the 13th century.
 Eqbaliyeh (Persian: اقباليه‎ also Romanized as Eqbālīyeh) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Stare Niewino [ˈstarɛ ɲɛˈvinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 60.
 Tatar-e Sofla (Persian: تاتارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Tātār-e Soflá; also known as Tātār-e Pā’īn and Nātār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Daland Rural District in the Central District of Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1759 in 314 families.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 454 in 112 families.
 Wolany [vɔˈlanɨ] (German: Wallisfurth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytna within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Gholamabad-e Khayyat (Persian: غلام آباد خياط‎ also Romanized as Gholāmābād-e Khayyāţ; also known as Khayāt Khayyāţ and Khayyaţ-e Gholāmābād) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 17 families.
 Aliabad-e Chah-e Shand (Persian: علي اباد چاه شند‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Chāh-e Shand) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 804 in 151 families.
 Wągrodno [vɔŋˈɡrɔdnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nasielsk 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 42 km (26 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Var Posht (Persian: ورپشت‎; also known as Varpusht) is a village in Var Posht Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2908 in 855 families.
 Owlar (Persian: اولر‎; also known as Rabīʿyeh) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Chah Abi-ye Abu ol Qasem Ebrahimi (Persian: چاه ابي ابوالقاسم ابراهيمي‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ābī-ye Abū ol Qāsem Ebrāhīmī) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lewonie [lɛˈvɔɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Çobanisa is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Chah-e Mutur Nazami (Persian: چاه موتورنظمي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mūtūr Naẓamī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Serwatki [sɛrˈvatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowogród 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Łomża and 86 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Vala Rud (Persian: والارود‎ also Romanized as Vālā Rūd; also known as Bārī (Persian: باري ) Baro and Bārow) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 127 families.
 Subhanpur is a village in Punjab India. It falls under Kapurthala district.
 Pavlovci is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the Brestovac municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 207. The village is connected by the D38 state road.
 Shoreyjeh-ye Do (Persian: شريجه دو‎; also known as Mosherījeh and Moshirijeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowlowy-ye Dust Mohammad (Persian: مولوئ دوست محمد‎ also Romanized as Mowlowy-ye Dūst Moḩammad) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 9 families.
 Nedidgan (Persian: نديدگان‎ also Romanized as Nedīdgān) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cheshmeh Reza (Persian: چشمه رضا‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Reẕā) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kołuda Mała [kɔˈwuda ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Janikowo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Inowrocław 46 km (29 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Glencullen (Irish: Gleann Cuilinn meaning valley of the holly) is a village and townland in the administrative county of Dún Laoghaire in south County Dublin Ireland. It is in the civil parish of Kilternan and the barony and Poor Law Union of Rathdown.The village is on the R116 road on the slopes of Two Rock Mountain above the valley of Glencullen (from which it takes its name).
 Takht-e Milaq (Persian: تخت ميلاق‎ also Romanized as Takht-e Mīlāq; also known as Takht-e Yeylāq) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ligota Toszecka [liˈɡɔta tɔˈʂɛt͡ska] (formerly German Ellguth-Tost) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Toszek 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 256.
 Ctiměřice is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Betina is a village located on the Croatian island of Murter seven km from Tisno where a drawbridge connects the island and the mainland. The largest of the Šibenik archipelago islands and the closest to the mainland it has been populated since the time of the Illyrians (tribe of Liburns). Remains of the Roman settlement of Colentum as well as many ruins of Roman villas murals and mosaic testify to its occupation during the period of the Roman Empire.
 Eshkhal (Persian: اشخل‎ also Romanized as Eshkhāl; also known as Ishkhal Shekhāl and Sheykhal) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 45 families.
 Kaleyolu is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 693 people.
 Jyamire is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4844 and had 950 houses in the village.
 Parszczyce [parʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Krokowa 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Puck and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 172.
 Kõima is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 213 (as of 1 January 2011).Since 1963 a sand and gravel quarry is operating in Potsepa western part of Kõima. The quarry is also used for motocross events.
 Posht Pari (Persian: پشت پري‎ also Romanized as Posht Parī; also known as Posht Barī) is a village in Fadagh Rural District in the Central District of Gerash County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 17 families.
 Valiabad (Persian: ولي اباد‎ also Romanized as Valīābād) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Flic en Flac is a seaside village on the western part of the island of Mauritius in the district of Rivière Noire. Its public white sandy beach is one of the longest and nicest on the island its lagoon is protected by the surrounding coral reefs the beach provide spectacular views over the Indian Ocean horizon and of Le Morne Brabant Peninsula located in the south west of Mauritius.
 Roztocznik [rɔsˈtɔt͡ʂnik] (German: Olbersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) east of Dzierżoniów and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 600.
 Ali Kamar (Persian: علي كمر‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Kamar) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 13 families.
 Roomaga is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4612 people living in 873 individual households.
 Qarah Kahriz (Persian: قره كهريز‎ also Romanized as Qarah Kahrīz) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 6 families.
 Mner i Siperm is a village in the municipality of Zall-Bastar in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Przewłoka [pʂɛˈvwɔka] (German: Strickershagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ustka 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 115 km (71 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Žarkovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Жарковац) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ruma municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1102 people (2002 census).
 Kukah (Persian: كوكه‎ also Romanized as Kūkah Kookeh and Kūkeh) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 77 families.
 Hajji Siab Kandi (Persian: حاجي سياب كندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩājji Sīāb Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Domanice [dɔmaˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Domanze) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Mietków and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wysokie [vɨˈsɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kalinowo 15 km (9 mi) east of Ełk and 137 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Dasht-e Hasani-ye Yek (Persian: دشت حسني1‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Ḩasanī-ye Yek) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Ju Posht (Persian: جوپشت‎ also Romanized as Jū Posht) is a village in Kurka Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 42 families.
 Niwa [ˈɲiva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grębów 16 km (10 mi) east of Tarnobrzeg and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Alamanda is a village panchayat in Jami mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India. There is a railway station in Alamanda in Waltair division of East Coast Railway Indian Railways.
 Baker is a village in Stoddard County Missouri United States. The population was 3 at the 2010 census. Due to its extremely small population of high income residents Baker ranks third on the list of the highest income places in the United States.
 Mirza Qoli-ye Bahram Beygi (Persian: ميرزاقلي بهرام بيگي‎ also Romanized as Mīrzā Qolī-ye Bahrām Beygī; also known as Mīrzā Qolī) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 30 families.
 Botliyeh (Persian: بطليه‎ also Romanized as Boţlīyeh and Botleyeh; also known as Bolīyeh and Botlia) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 44 families.
 Chludowo [xluˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Las within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1000.
 Rywałd [ˈrɨvau̯t] (German: Rehwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Starogard Gdański and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 603.
 Salkadeh (Persian: سعلكده‎ also Romanized as Sa‘lkadeh; also known as Sa‘lgadah) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 979 in 206 families.
 Straszków [ˈstraʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Tomawa [tɔˈmava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Łęki Szlacheckie 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lekhfarsa is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4809 people living in 805 individual households.
 Kanhalli (Kannada: ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Kanhalli is under Baichabal gram panchayat Shorapur Taluka of Yadgir District in Karnataka. The village of Kanhalli is 2.3 km by road east of the village of Baichbal and 9 km by road west of the village of Peth Ammapur. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.
 Čokot is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.The famous actor Robert De Niro spent a few days in this village sometime in the 60s before he became a famous actor.
 Cheshmeh-ye Leyraki (Persian: چشمه ليركي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Leyraḵī) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mian Ab (Persian: ميان اب‎ also Romanized as Mīān Āb) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Đevrske is a small village located in Kistanje municipality 10 km southwest of Kistanje in the continental part of Šibenik-Knin County Croatia. Two early Croatian graveyards have been found in the village area containing valuable archaeological finds such as earrings and rings as well as several stelae. Another important site is a late mediaeval cemetery with gables. In recent times another two mediaeval cemeteries have been discovered.
 Ducino [duˈt͡ɕinɔ] (German: Düssin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Yamchi-ye Sofla (Persian: يامچي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Yāmchī-ye Soflá; also known as Yāmchī and Yāmchī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 26 families.
 Gazeran (Persian: گازران‎ also Romanized as Gāzerān; also known as Gazrah and Kāzerūn) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 52 families.
 Deh-e Bozorg (Persian: ده بزرگ‎) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 17 families.
 Buneh Rizak-e Chenar (Persian: بونه ريزك چنار‎ also Romanized as Būneh Rīzak-e Chenār; also known as Būneh Rīzak) is a village in Chenar Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 9 families.
 Wysocki Młyn [vɨˈsɔt͡ski ˈmwɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Tuchola and 65 km (40 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Gol-e Darakht (Persian: گل درخت‎) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Khalaf (Persian: خلف‎) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 47 families.
 Manasterz [maˈnastɛʂ] (Ukrainian: Манастир Manastyr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Jarosław and 49 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 712.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Buići is a village in Croatia.
 Shahrak-e Shahid Rajai (Persian: شهرك شهيد رجايي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Rajāī) is a village in Forg Rural District Forg District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 66 families.
 Remunda is a village in the state of Orissa in India.Remunda (anglicised Rae/moon/da/) is a village situated in Bargarh district around 30 km away from Bargarh city in Orissa state in India. Remunda has a population of around 15000 people (2001). Orissa State is located on the eastern coast of India between Kolkata (Calcutta) and Chennai (Madras). The State of Orissa is like a bridge between the northern and southern halves of India representing multifaceted synthesis.
 Dobroszyce [dɔbrɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Juliusburg) is a village in Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Dobroszyce. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Oleśnica and 26 kilometres (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 2376.
 Ograde (Cyrillic: Ограде) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Chodel 19 km (12 mi) east of Opole Lubelskie and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Olenówka [ɔlɛˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Dorohusk 10 km (6 mi) east of Chełm and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Żanecin [ʐaˈnɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sokołów Podlaski and 88 km (55 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Wymysłowo [vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ] (known in some sources as Czarkowskie Olędry) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Krobia 9 km (6 mi) south of Gostyń and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 168.
 Stare Rochowice [ˈstarɛ rɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Alt Röhrsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) south-west of Bolków 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Jawor and 74 km (46 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 435.
 Kaluan-e Pain (Persian: كلوان پائين‎ also Romanized as Kalūān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Soveydani (Persian: سويداني‎ also Romanized as Soveydānī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 616 in 88 families.
 Chomiąża Księża-Leśniczówka [xɔˈmjɔ̃ʐa ˈkɕɛ̃ʐa lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Żnin and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Kurland is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Chah-e Maldari (Persian: چاه مالداري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Māldārī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zimna Woda [ˈʑimna ˈvɔda] (German: Kaltwasser) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Hoseynabad-e Nezam (Persian: حسين ابادنظام‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Neẓām; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tang-e Basht-e Chahar Bisheh (Persian: تنگ باشت چهاربيشه‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Bāsht-e Chahār Bīsheh; also known as Tang-e Bāsht) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kalinowo-Solki [kaliˈnɔvɔ ˈsɔlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 45 km (28 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nowe Depułtycze [ˈnɔvɛ dɛpuu̯ˈtɨt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Połymie [pɔˈwɨmjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Narewka 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Shahrak-e Janbazan (Persian: شهرك جانبازان‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Jānbāzān) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 558 in 120 families.
 Konjed Kar (Persian: كنجدكار‎ also Romanized as Konjed Kār) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 12 families.
 Homer is a village in Cortland County New York USA. The population was 3291 at the 2010 census. The village name is derived from the surrounding town which was named after the poet Homer. The Village of Homer lies mostly within the Town of Homer except for a small section on the south side which is in the Town of Cortlandville. Homer is north of the City of Cortland.
 Mehbudi-ye Olya (Persian: مهبودي عليا‎ also Romanized as Mehbūdī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Mehbūdī-ye Bālā) is a village in Famur Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Korucak is a village in the District of Çelikhan Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Cheshmeh Sorkheh Seyyed Reza (Persian: چشمه سرخه صيدرضا‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sorkheh Seyyed Rez̤ā) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 27 families.
 Pesje is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia. The area was traditionally part of Lower Carniola. It is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Lower Sava statistical region.
 Vidavalur is a village and a Mandal headquarters in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Gush (Persian: گوش‎ also Romanized as Gūsh; also known as Gās and Gash) is a village in Kardeh Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 585 in 176 families.
 North Hudson is a village in St. Croix County Wisconsin United States. The population was 3768 at the 2010 census.
 Kowthalam is a village and a Mandal in Kurnool district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Kowthalam is one of the religious historical place. Here we can see the Mantralaya's Mahaprabhugalu Shri Raghavendra swamy temple. Here we can see the Raghavendra Swamy's Shilabrindavana which is from the period of shree Gurujagannthadasa. Now this temple has become a great temple.
 Vahastu is a village in Kaiu Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Gucin [ˈɡut͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Buczek 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Łask and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rutki [ˈrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bruning is a village in Thayer County Nebraska United States. The population was 279 at the 2010 census. During World War II the U.S. Army Air Forces operated Bruning Army Airfield nearby. In October 1960 inventor and aviator Ed Yost used Bruning as the starting point for the first free flight of a modern propane-fueled hot air balloon.
 Mazraeh-ye Yek (Persian: مزرعه يك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Yek and Mazra‘eh Yek; also known as Mazra‘eh and Mazra‘eh-ye Yek-e Ḩarīrāt) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1761 in 274 families.
 Birendra Nagar is a village development committee (VDC) in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10482 people living in 1932 individual households. However the population now increased by more than three times and reached about 30 thousand. This VDC is located in about 150 km from kathmandu in the south west direction from the capitalcity of Nepal i.e. Kathmandu.
 Anbaq-e Hajjikhan (Persian: انباق حاجي خان‎ also Romanized as Anbāq-e Ḩājjīkhān; also known as Anbāq) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Charmak (Persian: چرمك‎) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 17 families.
 Sapowo [saˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Czyże 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Hajnówka and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Torbalı Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 39 people.
 Nowa Święta [ˈnɔva ˈɕfjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Złotów and 107 km (66 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 400.
 Darani (Persian: داراني‎ also Romanized as Dārānī; also known as Dānvarā Dārānā and Tārānī) is a village in Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 66 families.
 Borek Szlachecki [ˈbɔrɛk ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Skawina and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Bazargah (Persian: بازارگه‎ also Romanized as Bāzārgah) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 41 families.
 Menjan (Persian: منجان‎ also Romanized as Menjān and Manjan; also known as Mīkhān and Minjān) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 581 in 157 families.
 Lucień [ˈlut͡ɕeɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. The village has a population of 24.
 Lierfoss is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Lyuben Karavelovo is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province Bulgaria.
 Aljan (Persian: الجان‎ also Romanized as Aljān; also known as Alchān Algān and Algon) is a village in Khurheh Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Osiniec [ɔˈɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Udankhedi is a village within the Rajgarh District in central Madhya Pradesh India. Located in Sarangpur Mandal of Rajgarh District in Madhya Pradesh State. Udankhedi is 19.9 kilometres (12.4 mi) far from its Mandal town of Sarangpur. Udankhedi is located 39.3 kilometres (24.4 mi) distance from its district headquarters at Rajgarh. It is located 92 kilometres (57 mi) from its state capital Bhopal.
 Nispey (Persian: نيسپي‎ also Romanized as Nīspey) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Krishnapuram is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Khan Kandi (Persian: خانكندي‎ also Romanized as Khān Kandī; also known as Khānazar and Khānīverdī) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 58 families.
 Marcjanów [mart͡sˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Szczytniki 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 123 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Achanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Kamar Kola (Persian: كمركلا‎ also Romanized as Kamar Kolā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 7 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Shahbazi (Persian: تلمبه محمدشهبازي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Shahbāzī) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nuvork (Persian: نوورك‎ also Romanized as Nūvork; also known as Navang Navank Novork and Nūrak) is a village in Mardehek Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 32 families.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Jedlińsk 16 km (10 mi) north of Radom and 76 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ab Surakh (Persian: آب سوراخ‎ also Romanized as Āb Sūrākh) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 33 families.
 Qusheh Khani (Persian: قوشه خاني‎ also Romanized as Qūsheh Khānī; also known as Gūsheh Khānī and Qūsheh Khāneh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 40 families.
 Argómaniz (in Basque and officially Argomaiz) is a village in Álava in the municipality of Elburgo Basque Country Spain. In 2009 it had a population of 149 inhabitants (INE).
 Valdice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. A former Carthusian monastery is located here it is now used as a prison.
 Tavakkolabad (Persian: توكل اباد‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād; also known as Tawakkulābād) is a village in Rayen Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kłodnica Dolna [kwɔdˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Qaleh-ye Sartoli (Persian: قلعه سرتلي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Sartolī; also known as Sartolī) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 631 in 153 families.
 Dolní Chvatliny is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Grąblin [ˈɡrɔmblin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kramsk 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Konin and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chah-e Soltan Zahedan (Persian: چاه سلطان‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Chah-e Paniri (Persian: چاه پنيري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Panīrī and Chāh Panīrī) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 29 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Poshtuh (Persian: مزرعه پشتوه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Poshtūh) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Palamulla is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Ghofeyleh (Persian: غفيله‎) is a village in Tarrah Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 475 in 83 families.
 Hajjiabad-e Shureh Chaman (Persian: حاجي ابادشوره چمن‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Shūreh Chaman or Ḩājīābād-e Shūreh Chaman; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 8 families.
 Żukczyn [ˈʐukt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pruszcz Gdański and 18 km (11 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 315.
 Kel Konar (Persian: كل كنار‎ also Romanized as Kel Konār; also known as Kel Konārī) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 10 families.
 Ahuiyeh (Persian: اهوييه‎ also Romanized as Āhū’īyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 524 in 128 families.
 Czarków [ˈt͡ʂarkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wielowieś 28 km (17 mi) north of Gliwice and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 231.
 Qaleh Rutaleh (Persian: قلعه روتله‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Rūtaleh) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1001 in 206 families.
 Kolonia Starorawska [kɔˈlɔɲa starɔˈrafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qanbar Mahalleh (Persian: قنبرمحله‎ also Romanized as Qanbar Maḩalleh; also known as Qanbarī Maḩalleh and Qanbarī Maḩalleh-ye Sībelī) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District Lavandevil District Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 644 in 149 families.
 Sosno [ˈsɔsnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Orzeszków [ɔˈʐɛʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Uniejów 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 99.
 Mártires is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Dona Eugenia is a village on São Tomé Island in São Tomé and Príncipe.Dona Eugenia has a small school and a church.
 Kani Guyz (Persian: كاني گويز‎ also Romanized as Kānī Gūyz) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 500 in 93 families.
 Veibri is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Pawłowo [paˈvwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Regimin 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Ciechanów and 84 km (52 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Skotselv is a village in the municipality of Øvre Eiker Norway. Its population (2005) is 684 of which 8 people live within the border of the neighbouring municipality of Modum. It has a railway station on the Randsfjord Line.
 Tang Ab (Persian: تنگ اب‎ also Romanized as Tang Āb) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Sambara (Telugu: శంబర) is a village and panchayat in Makkuva mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh India.Sambara Polamma Jatara is an annual festival attended by large number of people from the surrounding areas. It is second biggest Jatara in Vizianagaram district after Shri Pydithalli Ammavari Jatara in Vizianagaram city.
 Zaprężyn [zaˈprɛ̃ʐɨn] (German: Sapraschine) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Długołęka and 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dastgerd (Persian: دستگرد‎ also Romanized as Dastgerd and Dastgird; also known as Dasht Gerd) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 30 families.
 Gralewo [ɡraˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Płośnica 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Księżak [ˈkɕɛ̃ʐak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Tarczyn 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Gorgabad (Persian: گرگ آباد‎ also Romanized as Gorgābād; also known as Gorgābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 17 families.
 Hasdere Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Suuremetsa is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Ptaki [ˈptaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kolno and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 216.
 Kuran (Persian: كوران‎ also Romanized as Kūrān) is a village in Fin Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 65 families.
 Qaleh-ye Rostam (Persian: قلعه رستم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Rostam and Qal‘eh Rostam) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 658 in 130 families.
 Plovanija is a village in Croatia near the border with Slovenia. It is connected by the D200 highway.
 Fjærland is a village in the municipality of Sogndal at the end of the Fjærlandsfjorden in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The Fjærlandfjorden is a branch going north off the Sognefjorden the longest fjord in Norway. The village is located about 31 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of the municipal center of Sogndalsfjøra along the Norwegian National Road 5.
 Binaba is a rural village in the Bawku West District of the Upper East Region in north Ghana. The village is 15 km south of the district capital Zebilla.
 Āzān (Persian: آزان‎) is a village in Helmand Province in southwestern Afghanistan.
 Baghakol (Devnagari:बाघाकोल ) is a village located in Haspura Tehsil of Aurangabad district of Bihar.
 Güme is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°55′N 33°31′E it is situated in Toros Mountains to the north of Mut. It is a high village which is also a yayla (resort) for Mut citizens during the summer . The distance to Mut is 51 kilometres (32 mi) and to Mersin is 211 kilometres (131 mi). The population of the village is 504 as of 2011. The village is an old village and it was founded during the Karamanoğlu beylik era.
 Ratanpura ('रतनपुरा') is a village in Rajgarh tehsil of Churu district in Rajasthan.This Village is established in 1848.It is situated in 45 km northeast direction of Churu city and 17 km southwest of Rajgarh.
 Nałęcze [naˈwɛnt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.The village has a population of 41.
 Hoseynabad Sar Kazeh (Persian: حسين ابادسركازه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād Sar Kāzeh; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Banestan Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 27 families.
 Sierszew [ˈɕɛrʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Żerków 14 km (9 mi) east of Jarocin and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mirge is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3216 people living in 693 individual households.
 Deymeh-ye Dagher (Persian: ديمه داغر‎ also Romanized as Deymeh-ye Dāgher) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 6 families.
 Zaplanik is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kodannur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India. It is almost 8 km from Thrissur city.
 Ragbeh (Persian: رگبه‎; also known as Jeysh and Rogbā) is a village in Naseri Rural District Khanafereh District Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1131 in 161 families.
 Trnava is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1160 people.
 Shahrak-e Dilzeh Makan Mastaqol (Persian: شهرك ديلزه مكان مستقل‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Dīlzeh Makān Mastaqol) is a village in Piran Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 45 families.
 Dibaklu (Persian: ديبكلو‎ also Romanized as Dībaklū; also known as Debeklū) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Skibno [ˈskibnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Sianów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Koszalin and 146 km (91 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Siemczyn [ˈɕemt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozielice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Žman is a village in Croatia.
 Qaleh Zu (Persian: قله زو‎ also Romanized as Qolleh Zū Qollehzow Qollahzow; also known as Qal‘eh Zū and Qal’eh Zow) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1156 in 302 families.
 Boneh Dar (Persian: بنه دار‎ also Romanized as Boneh Dār; also known as Banī Dar Beni Dar Boney Darreh and Bonīdar) is a village in Negel Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 40 families.
 Perkowice [pɛrkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 97 km (60 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kohnab-e Pain (Persian: كهناب پائين‎ also Romanized as Kohnāb-e Pā‘īn; also known as Kahnāb and Kohnāb) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 17 families.
 Větrušice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kowalewko [kɔvaˈlɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kalateh-ye Hasan (Persian: كلاته حسن‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩasan) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mogiłka [mɔˈɡiu̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Karaski is a village in Kõlleste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Rowshanabad (Persian: روشن اباد‎ also Romanized as Rowshanābād; also known as Rashanābād and Roshanābād) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 60 families.
 Kuumi is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Drugnia Rządowa [ˈdruɡɲa ʐɔnˈdɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pierzchnica and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 190.
 Myoma is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Gozm (Persian: گزم‎) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 26 families.
 Pakhapani is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4581 people living in 695 individual households.
 Puzeh-ye Kuhbord (Persian: پوزه كوهبرد‎ also Romanized as Pūzeh-ye Kūhbord) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 14 families.
 Ciućkowo [t͡ɕut͡ɕˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Wyszogród 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Płock and 65 km (40 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Erumbali is a village in the Annavasal revenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kiselkovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Qareh Bolagh-e Olya (Persian: قره بلاغ عليا‎ also Romanized as Qareh Bolāgh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 49 families.
 Valapad is a village situated in the Thrissur district in the state of Kerala in southern India. It is included in the Manappuram area and is about 24 km from Thrissur city. It lies by the National Highway 17. The geographical advantage of this village is in a radius of 25 to 30 kilometers there are five municipalities and one city corporation. They are Kodungallur Irinjalakuda Chavakkad Guruvayur Kunnamkulam and Thrissur. Valapad Beach is considered to be a major tourist destination.
 Lihtensteini is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Zarębin [zaˈrɛmbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Väänikvere is a village in Laeva Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Głęboka [ɡwɛmˈbɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lutocin 11 km (7 mi) west of Żuromin and 124 km (77 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ziarat Kola (Persian: زيارت كلا‎ also Romanized as Zīārat Kolā Zeyārat Kolā and Zīārat Kalā; also known as Zīārat Kūlā) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 94 families.
 Gholam Ali Pirvezg (Persian: غلامعلي پيروزگ‎ also Romanized as Gholām ʿAlī Pīrvezg) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Chutani (Persian: چوتاني‎ also Romanized as Chūtānī; also known as Sheykh Bāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 69 families.
 Kłokoczyn [kwɔˈkɔt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Czernichów and 23 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 408.
 Manian (Persian: مانيان‎ also Romanized as Mānīān Māneyān and Mānīyān) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 663 in 141 families.
 Shafiabad (Persian: شفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Shafī‘ābād) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 36 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Deymkaran Rural District Salehabad District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 86 families.
 Drwały [ˈdrvawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Biduk-e Pain (Persian: بيدوك پائين‎ also Romanized as Bīdūk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Sobień [ˈsɔbʲɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Aleksandrów Łódzki 16 km (10 mi) west of Zgierz and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 210.
 Adagur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Channarayapatna taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Cheshmeqan (Persian: چشمقان‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeqān Chashmaqān and Cheshmaqān; also known as Chashmaghan Chasmaqān Chechmukhan Cheshmagān Cheshmeshān and Chishmushan) is a village in Jushin Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Seh Chah (Persian: مزرعه سه چاه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Seh Chāh; also known as Seh Chāh) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 Cherna Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Chlebno [ˈxlɛbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kalateh-ye Seyyed Ali (Persian: كلاته سيدعلي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Seyyed ‘Alī and Kalāteh Saiyid ‘Ali; also known as Sa‘īdābād and Seyyed ‘Alī) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 96 families.
 Başlı is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Krševac (Cyrillic: Кршевац) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 İndere is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Cheshmeh (Persian: چشمه‎ also Romanized as Chashmeh; also known as Cheshma) is a village in Valdian Rural District Ivughli District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 40 families.
 Sanganakeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Elören Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Afra Koti-ye Hajj Ahmad (Persian: افراكتي حاج احمد‎ also Romanized as Āfrā Kotī-ye Ḩājj Aḩmad) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bętlewo [bɛnˈtlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Lipno and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Łeszczyn [ˈwɛʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Złoczew 23 km (14 mi) south of Sieradz and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Howz-e Mahi (Persian: حوض ماهي‎ also Romanized as Ḩowẕ-e Māhī Hauz-i-Māhi and Ḩowz Māhī) is a village in Talkhvoncheh Rural District in the Central District of Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 110 families.
 Wola Wieruszycka [ˈvɔla vjɛruˈʂɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łapanów 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Afrapol (Persian: افراپل‎ also Romanized as Afrāpol) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1102 in 293 families.
 Shahrak-e Taqiabad (Persian: شهرك تقي اباد‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Taqīābād; also known as Ragīāband) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 108 families.
 Mokaberi (Persian: مكابري‎ also Romanized as Mokāberī and Makāberi; also known as Mukābari) is a village in Dashti-ye Esmail Khani Rural District Ab Pakhsh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 29 families.
 Emamzadeh Shafi (Persian: امامزاده شفيع‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Shafīʿ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 105 families.
 Bravicea is a commune in Călăraşi district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Bravicea situated 50 km (31 mi) away from the Moldovan capital Chişinău. At the Bravicea school (500 students) one in four students has at least one parent working abroad; many live with their grandparents some alone.
 Darbast-e Yek (Persian: داربست 1‎ also Romanized as Dārbast-e Yek; also known as Dār Bast and Dārbast-e Bālā) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Ritya postcode 5370 is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Hitgar (Persian: هيتگر‎ also Romanized as Hītgar; also known as Hītkar-e Bālā) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 64 families.
 Pustin Sara (Persian: پوستين سرا‎ also Romanized as Pūstīn Sarā) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 69 families.
 Bujaki [buˈjaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Drohiczyn 9 km (6 mi) west of Siemiatycze and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 Grgaje is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 87 people.
 Bienice [bjɛˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Groß Benz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Dobra 22 km (14 mi) west of Łobez and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Abgahi (Persian: ابگاهي‎ also Romanized as Ābgāhī and Ābkāhī) is a village in Radkan Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 27 families.
 Shurcheh (Persian: شورچه‎ also Romanized as Shūrcheh; also known as Shurchen) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 103 families.
 Trojany [trɔˈjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Parzęczew 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Parvaz-e Yek (Persian: پرواز1‎ also Romanized as Parvāz-e Yek; also known as Parvāz) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kırımini is a village in the District of Ağaçören Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Arababad (Persian: عرباباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Arabābād) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 102 families.
 Fazelabad (Persian: فاضل اباد‎ also Romanized as Fāẕelābād and Fazlābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 72 families.
 Beyg Kandi (Persian: بيگ كندي‎ also Romanized as Beyg Kandī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 17 families.
 Brestovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Брестово) is a village situated in Despotovac municipality in Serbia.
 Kalinówka [kaliˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Skierbieszów 17 km (11 mi) north of Zamość and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Saranjeh-e Qolayi (Persian: سرنجه قلايي‎ also Romanized as Saranjeh-e Qolāyī; also known as Saranjeh Sarenjeh and Sarīnjeh) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 34 families.
 Davazdah Emam (Persian: دوازده امام‎ also Romanized as Davāzdah Emām) is a village in Khenaman Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 39 families.
 Achalgadh is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2497 people living in 467 individual households.
 Nowshahr-e Kalangi (Persian: نوشهركلنگي‎ also Romanized as Nowshahr-e Kalangī) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 50 families.
 Baba Shah Ahmad (Persian: باباشاه احمد‎ also Romanized as Bābā Shāh Aḩmad) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 29 families.
 Mahmudvand (Persian: محمودوند‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdvand) is a village in Solgi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 82 families.
 Tarradeh (Persian: طراده‎ also Romanized as Ţarrādeh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Rzeczyca-Kolonia [ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Dolny within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Qiran is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Zynie [ˈzɨɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Księżpol 13 km (8 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 90 km (56 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 218.
 Tuchola [tuˈxɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sieraków 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Międzychód and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bolesty [bɔˈlɛstɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Raczki 15 km (9 mi) west of Suwałki and 108 km (67 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Peleh-ye Baba Hoseyn (Persian: پله باباحسين‎ also Romanized as Peleh-ye Bābā Ḩoseyn Palleh-ye Baba Hoseyn Poleh-ye Bābā Ḩoseyn and Pali-Baba-Hussein; also known as Palābwāsil) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. It lies to the southeast of Khorramabad although the roads leading to it make the distance considerably further. At the 2006 census its population was 922 in 197 families.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Krwony [ˈkrvɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Brudzew 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Turek and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 444.
 Marianów [maˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Burzenin 19 km (12 mi) south of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 88.
 Donimierz [dɔˈnimjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Szemud 15 km (9 mi) south of Wejherowo and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 707.
 Aqech (Persian: اغش‎ also Romanized as Āqech Āghesh Āqej and Āqanch) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 82 families.
 Bubaktan (Persian: بوبكتان‎ also Romanized as Būbaktān) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 465 in 71 families.
 Taşlık is a village in the District of Kıbrısçık Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 39 people.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 140.
 Kostrzynek [kɔsˈtʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Wysoka 18 km (11 mi) east of Piła and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.When this area was part of Prussia it was known as Künstrinchen or Küstrinchen.
 Duleh (Persian: دوله‎ also Romanized as Dūleh) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 17 families.
 Rašica is a village north of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Central Slovenia statistical region.It is best known as the birthplace of the Slovene Protestant reformer Primož Trubar. Trubar was born in the village in 1508.
 Tolombeh-ye Kheyri (Persian: تلمبه خيري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Kheyrī) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Naemeh (Persian: نايمه‎ also Romanized as Nā’emeh; also known as Nā’emī and Nā’eh) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 17 families.
 Kandalica is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 52 people.
 Zgonjevo (Cyrillic: Згоњево) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kamenný Most (Kladno District) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mitrovići (Cyrillic: Митровићи) is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Czerniec [ˈt͡ʂɛrɲɛt͡s] (German: Schwarzau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Lubin and 59 kilometres (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 290.
 Maradi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Daljan (Cyrillic: Даљан) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nowy Folwark [ˈnɔvɨ ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Busko-Zdrój and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Taharpur is a village in Jajpur district of Orissa State India.It is a very old village with a cultural and religious history. A very Old Krishna temple is at the centre of the Village and God Krishna is worshiped there.The villagers celebrate many festivals like Dola Purnima Holi Jhulana Yatra Chandan Purnima Janmasthami Radhasthami etc. in the Krishna temple known as Shriman Gopaljew Temple.
 Vishka Nanak (Persian: ويشكاننك‎ also Romanized as Vīshkā Nanak; also known as Veshekha and Vīshkā) is a village in Sangar Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1973 in 551 families.
 Kosman (Cyrillic: Косман) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shir Aghush (Persian: شيراغوش‎ also Romanized as Shīr Āghūsh; also known as Shīr Āghūz) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Meriküla is a village in Vaivara Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Mačkovac (Gornji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deh-e Kadkhoda (Persian: ده كدخدا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kadkhodā; also known as Deh-e Kūh Khvāh Den Kūh Khvāh and Do Kūh Khvāh) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Strychy [ˈstrɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Przytoczna 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Międzyrzecz 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 75 km (47 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 185.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1147 in 269 families.
 Sursara also known as Sursura is a Village in Kishangarh tehsil in Ajmer district in the Indian state of Rajasthan situated 8 km south of Rupangarh town on Parbatsar - Kishangarh road. This is the place where the Jat folk-deity Tejaji died from a snake bite when he back on the way after fighting with the enemies on 28 August 1103.. The jot (जोत) of Tejaji is carried from this place to any place in India where a temple of Tejaji is constructed.
 Więzowno [vjɛ̃ˈzɔvnɔ] (German: Wensau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Koronowo and 22 km (14 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Ledno [ˈlɛdnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Trzebiechów and 15 km (9 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Zingale is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Ab Surakh (Persian: اب سوراخ‎ also Romanized as Āb Sūrākh; also known as Ābsūrākhak) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 17 families.
 Niesiobędy [ɲɛɕɔˈbɛndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Przasnysz and 80 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Pikkjärve (also known as Vissi) is a village in Karula Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia located about 14 km east of the bordertown Valga. It has a population of 27 (as of 1 January 2004).The currently inactive Valga–Pechory railway passes Pikkjärve on its northern side there's a station named Mürgi.
 Uzunçam Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 495 people.
 Kuhigan-e Bala (Persian: كوهيگان بالا‎ also Romanized as Kūhīgān-e Bālā; also known as Kūhegān Kūhegān-e Bālā and Kūhīkān) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 46 families.
 Zabornia [zaˈbɔrɲa] (German: Sabor) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) east of Głogów and 86 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 80.
 Zafaraniyeh (Persian: زعفرانيه‎ also Romanized as Za‘farānīyeh; also known as Za‘afarāni) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 70 families.
 Davidovac is a village in the municipality of Kladovo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 610 people.
 Taşçıahiler is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 26 people.
 Migojnice is a village on the right bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Žalec in east-central Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Styria. The municipality is now included in the Savinja statistical region.
 Chanajeh (Persian: چنجه‎; also known as Chanacheh) is a village in Sangar Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 433 in 133 families.
 Kaşıkçışeyhler is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 153 people.
 Pandurangapuram or Panduranga Puram (Telugu: పాండురంగాపురము) is a village in Kurnool district Andhra Pradesh India. It should not be confused with the village of that name in Khammam district as well as near the bapatla guntur district.
 Wólka Duża [ˈvulka ˈduʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mazraeh-ye Siah Daneh (Persian: مزرعه سياه دانه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sīāh Dāneh) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Danian (Persian: دنيان‎ also Romanized as Danīan Danyān Denīān and Denyān) is a village in Alaviyeh Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 74 families.
 Zuran Tal-e Zivdar (Persian: زورانتل زيودار‎ also Romanized as Zūrān Tal-e Zīvdār) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 99 families.
 Mowtowr-e Arzu Rahimi Chah Hasan (Persian: موتورارزورحيمي چاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ārzū Raḥīmī Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 11 families.
 Klecewo [klɛˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Stary Targ 7 km (4 mi) east of Sztum and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Kotlina [kɔˈtlina] (German: Regensberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Trojanowice [trɔjanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Beryanchal (Persian: بريان چال‎ also Romanized as Beryānchāl) is a village in Baraghan Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 16 families.
 Węgry [ˈvɛnɡrɨ] (German Wengern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sztum and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Barazlu (Persian: بارازلو‎ also Romanized as Bārāzlū; also known as Bāzār and Bārāz) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Qaleh Chay District Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 660 in 158 families.
 Jin Qeshlaqi (Persian: جين قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Jīn Qeshlāqī) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Kandamış is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 67 people.
 Fatemiyeh (Persian: فاطميه‎ also Romanized as Fāţemīyeh) is a village in Lumar Rural District Central District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Whitesboro is a village in Oneida County New York United States. United States. The population was 3772 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Hugh White an early settler.The Village of Whitesboro is inside the Town of Whitestown.
 Mohammad Hoseyn Lavank (Persian: محمدحسین لوانک‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Ḩoseyn Lavānḵ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 M. Karuppampatti is a village in Tiruchirappalli district Musiri Taluk Thathaiyangarpet union Mettupalayam Tiruchirappalli town panchayat in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Thawun is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Poovaipalayam also pronounced Pooveepalayam (population approximately 700 in 2009) is a village in Dindigul district Tamil Nadu India which is surrounded by mountains. It is 10 km from the nearest town (Vedasandur) and 25 km from the district headquarters (Dindigul). The villagers are primarily farmers who grow drumsticks onions chili peppers peanuts tomatoes eggplants beans and lentils.The villagers belong to the Gounder community.
 Qurdanlu (Persian: قوردانلو‎ also Romanized as Qūrdānlū; also known as Qūrdānlū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Takmaran Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 29 families.
 Razq (Persian: رزق‎ also Romanized as Razq Rāzak Razg and Razk; also known as Rezq-e Soleymān) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 71 families.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starcza within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Niemirówek-Kolonia [ɲɛmiˈruvɛk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Rulice [ruˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bielawy 17 km (11 mi) west of Łowicz and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qushchi Mahalleh (Persian: قوشچي محله‎ also Romanized as Qūshchī Maḩalleh; also known as Qūchī Maḩalleh) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 30 families.
 Jahadabad (Persian: جهاداباد‎ also Romanized as Jahādābād) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 16 families.
 Brzezowa [bʐɛˈzɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Nowy Żmigród 19 km (12 mi) south of Jasło and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gankhet is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3680 people living in 600 individual households.
 Stary Garbów [ˈstarɨ ˈɡarbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Dwikozy 11 km (7 mi) north of Sandomierz and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 2700.
 Tolombeh-ye Dehesh (Persian: تلمبه دهش‎) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 8 families.
 Alanyurt is a village in the District of İscehisar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ostrovica is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 39 people.
 Dhabouli is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5476 persons living in 1037 individual households.
 Borzymy [bɔˈʐɨmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Jadów 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād; also known as Qal‘eh Mīrābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 48 families.
 Nowbandian-e Baluchi (Persian: نوبنديان بلوچي‎ also Romanized as Nowbandīān-e Balūchī; also known as Balūchī) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 90 families.
 Ab Garm-e Olya (Persian: اب گرم عليا‎ also Romanized as Āb Garm-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āb Garmū Āb Garmū-ye Bālā and Garmū) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 6 families.
 Topola [tɔˈpɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 110.
 Qeshquneh-ye Olya (Persian: قشقونه عليا‎ also Romanized as Qeshqūneh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qeshqeneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 6 families.
 Buszęcin [buˈʂɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kamień Pomorski and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gonal (Kannada: ) is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Gonal is under the Shahapur Taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka. It lies on the left (east) bank of the Krishna River. Gonal is 9 km by road southeast of the village of Bendebembli and 13 km by road southwest of the village of Badiyal.
 Lobeč is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Zargari is a village in Hangu District Pakistan.In 2008 Pakistani military operations in the Pakistani tribal regions referred to Zargari as a conservative area and Taliban's stronghold.
 Tolombeh-ye Chaushian (Persian: تلمبه چاوشيان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Chāūshīān) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lgota Wolbromska [ˈlɡɔta vɔlˈbrɔmska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 410.
 Ramnagar Bhutaha is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8003 people living in 1325 individual households.
 Kadakola is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mysore taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Czesin [ˈt͡ʂɛɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Krmelín is a village and municipality in Frýdek-Místek District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Lgota Wielka [ˈlɡɔta ˈvjɛlka] is a village in Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lgota Wielka. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Radomsko and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 636.
 Santa Victoria Este is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Abbasabad-e Qarah Aghaj (Persian: عباس ابادقره اغاج‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Qarah Āghāj; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Wilczogóra [vilt͡ʂɔˈɡura] (German Welschberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Bobolice 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 140 km (87 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chah Rowghani (Persian: چاه روغني‎ also Romanized as Chāh Rowghanī) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tall-e Nemat (Persian: تل نعمت‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Ne‘mat and Tal-e Ne‘mat; also known as Tall-e Shahīd Bāhonar Shahīd Bāhonar Tahel Tal Mīān-e Ne‘mat and Tel) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 36 families.
 Hinjawadi also known as Hinjewadi officially is a locality now treated as the IT Village of Pune which is located on the NH4 bypass around the city of Pune in India. Originally a small village it is now the location of Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park housing around twenty software companies as listed below.
 Oyalı is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Hush (Persian: هوش‎ also Romanized as Hūsh and Hosh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 11 families.
 Deh-e Miran (Persian: ده ميران‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mīrān; also known as Mīrān) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 33 families.
 Tardi (Persian: تردي‎ also Romanized as Tardī) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kamieniczne [kamʲɛˈɲit͡ʂnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 10.
 Shambiran (Persian: شمبيران‎ also Romanized as Shambīrān) is a village in Kangan Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 18 families.
 Kandian (Persian: كنديان‎ also Romanized as Kandīān; also known as Kandān) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 14 families.
 Bambawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Miranda (La Rioja) is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Baliab (Persian: بالياب‎ also Romanized as Bālīāb) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 7 families.
 Krzykosy [kʂɨˈkɔsɨ] is a village in Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Krzykosy. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Vaikla is a village in Iisaku Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Bród [brut] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Jedlińsk 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Radom and 78 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kahtar (Persian: كهتر‎; also known as Kotar) is a village in Parsinah Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 26 families.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśniczyn within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Krasnystaw and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.In 2005 the village had a population of 140.
 Sadat Mahalleh (Persian: سادات محله‎ also Romanized as Sādāt Maḩalleh) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 125 families.
 Stawik [ˈstavik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Kalateh-ye Sheykh (Persian: كلاته شيخ‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sheykh Kalāteh Shaikh and Kalateh Sheikh; also known as Kal Sheykh) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Sar Khuni (Persian: سرخوني‎ also Romanized as Sar Khūnī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Jejkowice [jɛi̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Jeykowitz) is a village in Rybnik County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jejkowice. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Rybnik and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 3540.
 Revdanda is a village near Alibag India. It is 17 km away from Alibag and 125 km away from Mumbai.
 Podlugovi (Serbian: Подлугови) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Takan (Persian: تكان‎ also Romanized as Takān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Podzborów [pɔd͡zˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mahmudabad-e Seyyed (Persian: محمودابادسيد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Seyyed and Mahmood Abad Seyyed; also known as Maḩmūdābād and Maḩmūdābād-e Sādāt) is a village in Mahmudabad-e Seyyed Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3060 in 763 families.
 Viznah (Persian: ويزنه‎ also Romanized as Vīznah) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2314 in 513 families.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 72 families.
 Hajj Ali Hiki (Persian: حاج‌علی هیکی‎ also Romanized as Ḩājī ‘Alī Hīkī; also known as Boneh-ye Ḩājī ‘Alī Boneh-ye Ḩājjī ‘Alī and Ḩājjī ‘Alī Hīkī) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 11 families.
 Choungui is a village in the commune of Kani-Kéli on Mayotte. It is located in southwestern Mayotte to the north of Mronabeja and to the east of Kanibe. The commune as of 2007 the community had a total population of 772 people. A football ground is located in the southern part of the village. One of the highest parts of the island Mont Choungui is nearby.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łańcut within Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łańcut and 18 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2400.
 Kwiatkówek [kfjatˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Trnava is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Jan Aqa (Persian: جان اقا‎ also Romanized as Jān Āqā) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 66 families.
 Avaneeswaram is a small village located on Kunnicode-Pathanapuram road in Kollam district Kerala. It is about 7 kilometers south of Pathanapuram town and 36 kilometers from Kollam. It is a part of Vilakkudy panchayat. Avaneeswaram has a FCI (Food corporation of India) storage facility. The nearest Railway Station is Avaneewaram Railway Station. It is connected to Kollam by Kollam- Punalur Broadgauge railway line.
 Bukowo [buˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sierakowice 17 km (11 mi) west of Kartuzy and 45 km (28 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 55.
 Laskówka [lasˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bardo within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bardo 12 km (7 mi) south of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Braljina is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 118 people.
 Ciechłowice [t͡ɕɛxwɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Zechelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Lubin and 58 kilometres (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Salle is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1931 persons living in 357 individual households.
 Khar Yek (Persian: خاريك‎ also Romanized as Khār Yek and Khārīk) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 595 in 155 families.
 Szafranki [ʂaˈfraŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Tykocin and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Santpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5594.
 Mostafalu (Persian: مصطفي لو‎ also Romanized as Moşţafálū) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 30 families.
 Horokoto is village and principal settlement (chef-lieu) of the commune of Niambia in the Cercle of Bafoulabé in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.
 Yerseke is a village situated on the southern shore of the Oosterschelde (Eastern Scheldt) estuary in the Dutch province of Zeeland. A separate municipality until 1970 it today forms part of the municipality of Reimerswaal. As of 2010 Yerseke had a recorded population of 6570 inhabitants divided over 2590 households.The fishing village is well known for its aquaculture.
 Vakilabad-e Pain Jam (Persian: وكيل ابادپائين جام‎ also Romanized as Vakīlābād-e Pā’īn Jām; also known as Vakīlābād) is a village in Zam Rural District Pain Jam District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 409 in 104 families.
 Mrzky is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Khurtay (Persian: خورتاي‎ also Romanized as Khūrtāy) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 29 families.
 Wierzbiny [vjɛʐˈbinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Osiek 25 km (16 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Bystrojowice [bɨstrɔjɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Samborzec 12 km (7 mi) west of Sandomierz and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Aqfanta (Arabic: أقفنطة‎) is a village in the District of Jabal al Akhdar in north-eastern Libya. It's located 17 km northwest of Bayda.
 Tolombeh-ye Nuzeri (Persian: تلمبه نوذري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Nūẕerī) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 11 families.
 Dargah-e Soleyman (Persian: درگاه سليمان‎ also Romanized as Dargāh-e Soleymān and Dargāh Soleymān) is a village in Saheb Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 337 in 72 families.
 Imielno [iˈmjɛlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Łubowo 17 km (11 mi) west of Gniezno and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Raniganj is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4192 people living in 767 individual households.
 Chwaszczyno [xfaʂˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Żukowo 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 17 km (11 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2678.
 Karja is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.German philologist Kurt Treu (1928–1991) was born in Karja.
 Khunwa (Hindi: खुनवा) is a village in Shohratgarh tehsil of Siddharthnagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is located on the border with Nepal across from the town Taulihawa. Movement of Nepalese and Indian nationals across the border is unrestricted however there is a customs checkpoint for goods.
 Qazan (Persian: قازان‎ also Romanized as Qāzān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 11 families.
 Hayranlar is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 121 people.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khvod Bechar (Persian: خودبچر‎ also Romanized as Khowd Bechar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 691 in 180 families.
 Rycerzewko [rɨt͡sɛˈʐɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakość within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Obłazy Ryterskie [ɔˈbwazɨ rɨˈtɛrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytro within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Rytro 17 km (11 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Tang-e Dehuiyeh (Persian: تنگ دهويه‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Dehūīyeh) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 16 families.
 Grabów Zaleśny [ˈɡrabuf zaˈlɛɕnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Grabów nad Pilicą 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 54 km (34 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Adur (Bangalore South) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bangalore South taluk of Bangalore district in Karnataka.
 Challagariga is a village in Warangal district Telangana in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is located 55 km (34 mi) from Warangal city. Frequent bus services are available from parkal to reach the village. Number of private vehicles like Autos and Jeeps are available from parkal to reach challagariga . there is no train route.This village has two historical temples located in the heart of the village. One is holy Shivalayam and the other is holy Ramalayam.
 Shaqaqi-ye Anzar (Persian: شقاقي انذر‎ also Romanized as Shaqāqī-ye Anẕar and Shaqāqī Anẕar; also known as Shaqāq-e Anẕar) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 72 families.
 Aq Qui (Persian: آق قوئي‎ also Romanized as Āq Qū’ī; also known as Aghoo’i Aq Qūeh and Āqū’ī) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 7 families.
 Nowy Witoszyn [ˈnɔvɨ viˈtɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Fabianki 7 km (4 mi) north of Włocławek and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Gornja Meka Gruda (Serbian: Горња Мека Груда) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lago Merín is a village and resort on the coast of Lagoon Merín in the Cerro Largo Department of Uruguay. Although it has a very few permanent inhabitants it is an important summer resort. In the last years it has become an important kitesurfing location.
 Krakówki-Dąbki [kraˈkufki ˈdɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Grodzisk 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 20.
 Markova Crkva is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Peruvannamuzhi or Peruvannamoozhy is a village in Kozhikode district Kerala India which is near the PERUVANNAMUZHI DAM over a river. It is known for tourism wildlife and research on spice crops.There is a reservoir with facilities for boating and nature reserves. The reservoir supplies irrigation water to Kozhikode Malapuram and Kannur. Other attractions include a crocodile farm and gardens.
 Tian is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located north-west of Parakou city centre.
 Ciosaniec-Bolkowo [t͡ɕɔˈsaɲet͡s bɔlˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎) is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 20 families.
 Jaroszówka [jarɔˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Chojnów 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Legnica and 77 kilometres (48 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 280.
 Naserabad (Persian: نصراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāşerābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 33 families.
 Viteževo is a village in the municipality of Žabari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 863 people.
 Nowa Rola [ˈnɔva ˈrɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuplice within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Tuplice 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Żary and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Qaleh-ye Hajji Mazid (Persian: قلعه حاجي مزيد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩājjī Mazīd) is a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District in the Central District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 61 families.
 Świeciechów Poduchowny [ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕɛxuf pɔduˈxɔvnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Annopol 26 km (16 mi) west of Kraśnik and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 230.
 Stare Koziminy [ˈstarɛ kɔʑiˈminɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tiniyagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kelarak (Persian: كلارك‎ also Romanized as Kelārak; also known as Kalāk) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 29 families.
 Langar Barani (Persian: لنگر باراني‎ also Romanized as Langar Bārānī; also known as Bārānī and Langar) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 75 families.
 Lubomin [luˈbɔmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Boniewo 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 67 km (42 mi) south of Toruń.
 Salakhly is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 90 families.
 Hosh al-Nufour or Hawsh al-Nufour (Arabic: حوش النفور) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Hosh al-Nufour had a population of 363 in the 2004 census.
 Mazraeh-ye Mahoseynabad (Persian: مزرعه محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Maḥoseynābād) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Đức Vân is a commune (xã) and village in Ngân Sơn District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Bayırdamı is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 71 people.
 Mohammadabad-e Ayala (Persian: محمداباداعلا‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Āyʿalā; also known as Moḩammadābād and Moḩammadābād-e Pāzūkī) is a village in Valiabad Rural District in the Central District of Qarchak County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5044 in 1213 families.
 Gornja Britvica (Serbian: Горња Бритвица) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 Momlu (Persian: مملو‎ also Romanized as Momlū; also known as Qomlū) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 69 families.
 Chavar Kalayeh (Persian: چوركلايه‎ also Romanized as Chavar Kalāyeh; also known as Chāpār Kalāyeh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 25 families.
 Chah-e Hoseyni (Persian: چاه حسيني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩoseynī) is a village in Chahak Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Masha-ye Chahar Rezaabad (Persian: مشاع 4رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Chahar Rez̤āābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 15 families.
 Kahzadvand (Persian: كهزادوند‎ also Romanized as Kahzādvand) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Kasakan (Persian: كاسكان‎ also Romanized as Kasakān and Kāskān; also known as Qazqān) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 750 in 169 families.
 Alvirabad (Persian: الويراباد‎ also Romanized as Alvīrābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 100 families.
 Kendié is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Bandiagara of the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune contains 34 villages and had a population of 24359 in the 2009 census.
 Veerakeralampudur is a taluk in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Gerusoppa is a village in Honnavar Taluk in Uttara Kannada District in the Indian state of Karnataka. The village is also known as Nagarbastikeri and comes under Nagarbastikeri Panchayat.
 Chavelkan-e Hajji (Persian: چاولكان حاجي‎ also Romanized as Chāvelkān-e Ḩājjī Chāvlakān-e Ḩājjī Chavlakan Haji and Chāvalkān-e Ḩājjī; also known as Chābalkan Ḩājjī Chābolakān Hajī Chābolkān-e Ḩājī Chābolkān Ḩājjī Chāvolkān and Chawalakān) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 373 in 77 families.
 Grzeszyn [ˈɡʐɛʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Buczek 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Łask and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tołkacze [tɔu̯ˈkat͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Lubowo Drugie [luˈbɔvɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 40.
 Jamielnik-Kolonia [jaˈmjɛlnik kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Runówko [ruˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Darreh Garm (Persian: دره گرم‎; also known as Darreh) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 42 families.
 Torkabad (Persian: تركاباد‎ also Romanized as Torkābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 415 in 90 families.
 Sokolniki [sɔkɔlˈɲikʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Września and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 660.
 Kuri Jan (Persian: كوريجان‎ also Romanized as Kūrī Jān) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District Khoshk-e Bijar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 41 families.
 Mściwojów [mɕt͡ɕiˈvɔjuf] (German: Profen) pronounced Mshchivóyuv is a village in Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Mściwojów. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) east of Jawor and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Trigortsi is a village in Balchik Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Krasna Dąbrowa [ˈkrasna dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Młoszowa [mwɔˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Trzebinia 8 km (5 mi) east of Chrzanów and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2610.
 Lau is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Shankarapatnam Keshavapatnam is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.(Mohd iqbal hussain) is the old man in keshavapatnam will know person in islamic culture he is the president of all muslim in her village in this village there was a darga of (zakeer shaheed) now also karamath is going on to all who believe on him.....
 Achimota is a village in the Accra Metropolitan district a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
 Wygoda [vɨˈɡɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Imielno 12 km (7 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Pir Qoli-ye Olya (Persian: پيرقلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Pīr Qolī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Pīr Qolī-ye Bālā) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Żeszczynka [ʐɛˈʂt͡ʂɨŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 299.
 Palcza [ˈpalt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzów within Sucha County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Sucha Beskidzka and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1100.
 Andalhualá is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Szymanowo [ʂɨmaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Morąg 25 km (16 mi) north of Ostróda and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Nowy Kościół [ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔɕt͡ɕuu̯] (German: Neukirch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Świerzawa 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Złotoryja and 83 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Poshteh Qaleh (Persian: پشته قلعه‎ also Romanized as Poshteh Qal‘eh; also known as Posht Qal‘eh and Qal‘eh-ye Dahaneh-ye Shūr) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 40 families.
 Isti Bolagh (Persian: ايستي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Īstī Bolāgh; also known as Ishī Bolagh and Islī Bulāq) is a village in Mehraban-e Olya Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 52 families.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād) is a village in Eshen Rural District Mehrdasht District Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wikłów [ˈvikwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszyna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Kruszyna 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 84 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 174.
 Bhaisipankha is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3077 persons living in 555 individual households.
 Gonbadvaz (Persian: گنبدواز‎ also Romanized as Gonbadvāz) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 678 in 163 families.
 Dashli Qaleh (Persian: داشلي قلعه‎ also Romanized as Dāshlī Qal‘eh) is a village in Gholaman Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 910 in 228 families.
 Pniewo [ˈpɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Łomża and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 750.
 Gibasówka [ɡibaˈsufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.
 Ali Shahi (Persian: عليشاهي‎ also Romanized as Ālī Shāhī) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 66 families.
 Kętrzyno [kɛnˈtʂɨnɔ] (Kashubian: Kãtrzëno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Linia 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 404.
 Barahathawa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9881 people living in 1743 individual households.
 Lowadeh (Persian: لواده‎ also Romanized as Lowādeh) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 30 families.
 Salilak (Persian: سليلك‎ also Romanized as Salīlak) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 13 families.
 Mata Mondo is a village in the Ruvuma Region of southwestern Tanzania. It is located along the A19 road to the east of Kitai and west of Likuyufusi.
 Hasanağa is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity). Its distance to Tarsus is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) and to Mersin is 42 kilometres (26 mi). The population of village was 150 as of 2012. The major crop of the village is cotton.
 Amirabad (Persian: امير آباد‎ also Romanized as Āmīrābād) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District Tukahur District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1933 in 414 families.
 Vodochody is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. There is a small airport Vodochody Airport in the village and the aircraft construction company Aero Vodochody.
 Konarzewo [kɔnaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rawicz and 83 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Tolombeh-ye Manzariyeh (Persian: تلمبه منظريه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Manẓarīyeh) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kiribatkumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tazehabad-e Sepah (Persian: تازه ابادسپاه‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Sepāh and Tāzehābād Sepāh) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 55 families.
 Kursela is a Village in Katihar district of Bihar state India
 Ogardy [ɔˈɡardɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Rubribreza is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Wólka Podlesie [ˈvulka pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lipce Reymontowskie 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Skierniewice and 33 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dushka (Bulgarian: Душка) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. As of 2007 it had a population of 6 people.
 Kavirabad (Persian: كويراباد‎ also Romanized as Kavīrābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 70 families.
 Savalduma is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Haderbad-e Olya (Persian: هادربادعليا‎ also Romanized as Hāderbād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Hāderbād Hāderābād Haidarābād and Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 21 families.
 Mrkonje is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 44 people.
 Adamczowice [adamt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Klimontów 19 km (12 mi) west of Sandomierz and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 250.
 Lamsu Kola (Persian: لمسوكلا‎ also Romanized as Lamsū Kolā and Lamsū Kalā; also known as Samsū Kolā) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 28 families.
 Gornja Bukvica is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Galesh Khaleh (Persian: گالش خاله‎ also Romanized as Gālesh Khāleh) is a village in Gel-e Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 29 families.
 Sokolniki Mokre [sɔkɔlˈniki ˈmɔkrɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wieniawa 11 km (7 mi) east of Przysucha and 96 km (60 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Gays Mills is a village in Crawford County Wisconsin United States. The population was 491 at the 2010 census.
 Kuropatnik [kurɔˈpatnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 1956.
 Barloni is a village in Madha tehsil of Solapur district in state of Maharashtra.
 Belhi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2484 people living in 437 individual households.
 Kıraç Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Si Bon (Persian: سي بن‎ also Romanized as Sī Bon) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 82 families.
 Mahendra Adarsha is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3563 persons living in 655 individual households.
 Tang-e Khomri (Persian: تنگ خمري‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Khomrī) is a village in Kuhenjan Rural District Kuhenjan District Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hali Khal (Persian: هلي خال‎ also Romanized as Halī Khāl) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 59 families.
 Mantvilai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 28 people.
 Deh Pish-e Olya (Persian: ده پيش عليا‎ also Romanized as Deh Pīsh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Deh Pīsh and Deh Pīsh-e Bālā) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 107 families.
 Bashman (Persian: بشمن‎ also Romanized as Bashm and Beshm; also known as Bashan) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1405 in 416 families.
 Qatanqu (Persian: قطانقو‎ also Romanized as Qaţānqū and Qatanqū) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 27 families.
 Jasień [ˈjaɕeɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Osjaków 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Banafsheh Daraq (Persian: بنفشه درق‎) is a village in Balghelu Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 65 families.
 Chah Ab (Persian: چاه اب‎ also Romanized as Chāh Āb) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 15 families.
 Mikanów [miˈkanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 41 km (25 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Sohroki (Persian: سهركي‎ also Romanized as Sohrokī) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 55 families.
 Vlasenica is a village in the municipality of Vladimirci Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 482 people.
 Užusaliai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 844 people. Center of eldership.
 Nasiechowice [naɕɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Miechów and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 390.
 Skrzynki [ˈskʂɨŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ujazd 11 km (7 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 510.
 Nowosiółki [nɔvɔˈɕuu̯kʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Pokrówka (the gmina seat) 11 km (7 mi) west of Chełm and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ziyarat Boneh (Persian: زيارت بنه‎ also Romanized as Zīyārat Boneh; also known as Zenāghī (Persian: زناغي)) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Chedruyeh (Persian: چدرويه‎ also Romanized as Chedrūyeh) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 66 families.
 Shul (Persian: شول‎ also Romanized as Shūl) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 21 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Sofla (Persian: قشلاق سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Soflá; also known as Qeshlāq-e Khosrow Khān and Qeshlāq-e Khosrow Khānī) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 25 families.
 Wola Batorska [ˈvɔla baˈtɔrska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niepołomice within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Niepołomice 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Wieliczka and 24 km (15 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2379.
 Biebrowo [bjɛˈbrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Choczewo 35 km (22 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 111.
 Puchały [puˈxawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Troszyn 13 km (8 mi) east of Ostrołęka and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Sonbarsa Raj in Saharsa district Bihar India is a main settlement on National Highway 107 extending from Maheshkhunt to Purnia.Sonbarsa is a Town in Sonbarsa Tehsil Saharsa District Bihar State . Sonbarsa is located 24.1 km distance from its District Main City Saharsa . It is located 160 km distance from its State Main City Patna .Other villages in Sonbarsa Tehsil are Baith Mushahri Baraith Barsam Kopa Mahua North Mangwar ... . .Sonbarsa Pin Code is 852129 and Post office name is .
 Yağmurlu is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 318 people.
 Ali Rahmani (Persian: علي رحماني‎ also Romanized as ʿAlī Raḥmānī) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 5 families.
 Bani Gomkan (Persian: باني گمكان‎ Sorani Kurdish: بانی گومکان، also Romanized as Bānī Gomkān; also known as Kānī Savārān (Persian: كاني سواران‎، Sorani Kurdish: کانی سواران) and Bānī Gomgān) is a village in Bazan Rural District in the Central District of Jawanroud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 12 families.
 Bab Shegaft (Persian: باب شگفت‎ also Romanized as Bāb Shegaft) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 53 families.
 Kalateh-ye Cheshmeh Alimva (Persian: كلاته چشمه عليمو‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Cheshmeh ‘Alīmva; also known as Kalāteh-ye Cheshmeh ‘Alīvān) is a village in Darzab Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 12 families.
 Pae is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Konaklı is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 372 people.
 Szymanowice Małe [ʂɨmanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ]is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. The population is near 150. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sobienie-Jeziory 27 km (17 mi) south of Otwock and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Warsaw.From 1975 to 1998 this village was in Siedlce Voivodeship.
 Targowica [tarɡɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepłowody within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ciepłowody 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Koserz [ˈkɔsɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Čelinovac (Serbian: Челиновац) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pirarajá is a village in the Lavalleja Department of southeastern Uruguay.
 Kuttiyeri is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Karahisarkozlu Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Ghitung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2515 persons living in 482 individual households.
 Siarcza Łąka [ˈɕart͡ʂa ˈwɔŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kadzidło 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 120 km (75 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 250.
 Tityang is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.
 Głębokie [ɡwɛmˈbɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Kruszwica 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Inowrocław and 45 km (28 mi) south of Toruń.
 Alvaniyeh (Persian: علوانيه‎ also Romanized as ‘Alvānīyeh) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 25 families.
 Palgadh is a village in Dapoli taluka Ratnagiri district Maharashtra state India between Mandangadh and Khed best known as the boyhood home of Pandurang Sadashiv Sane.
 Agh Qeshlaq (Persian: اغ قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Āgh Qeshlāq) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 12 families.
 Wólka Poduchowna [ˈvulka pɔduˈxɔvna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wasilków and 14 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Tirkan (Persian: تيركن‎ also Romanized as Tīrkan) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 56 families.
 Tokary Pierwsze [tɔˈkarɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kawęczyn 17 km (11 mi) south of Turek and 126 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 220.
 Mahdiyeh (Persian: مهديه‎ also Romanized as Mahdīyeh; also known as Mehdīābād) is a village in Derak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2206 in 533 families.
 Chraštice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ini (Persian: ايني‎ also Romanized as Īnī) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 32 families.
 Moradabad (Persian: مرادآباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād; also known as Qamar ‘Ālī) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 36 families.
 Wysokie Laski [vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈlaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sokółka and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Suleh (Persian: سوله‎ also Romanized as Sūleh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 23 families.
 Više Selo is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 117 people.
 Asgarabad (Persian: عسگراباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Asgarābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District Zarrin Dasht District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 124 families.
 Seyah Kamar (Persian: سياه كمر‎) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 29 families.
 Barz (Persian: برز‎ also Romanized as Borz) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 141 families.
 Kian (Persian: كيان‎ also Romanized as Kīān; also known as Kīān Deh) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sitnica [ɕitˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Biecz 13 km (8 mi) north of Gorlice and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Maki (Persian: مكي‎ also Romanized as Makī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Łysak [ˈwɨsak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Nurga is a village in Pajusi Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Kholqabad (Persian: خلق اباد‎ also Romanized as Kholqābād and Khalqābād; also known as Khāleqābād and Khuliābād) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 15 families.
 Kamionek [kaˈmjɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Mogilno 62 km (39 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Thera Halli is a village in Karnataka India. It is situated on top of the Antara Gange hill near Kolar. The temperature and view on top of the hill is very pleasant. There is an ancient temple dedicated to Shiva situated in the Mountain. Thera Halli literally means village that is suspended in Kannada.Therahalli also connects to Shivagange Village Where The Art Gallery is Present.
 Andagala (7°22'N 80°30'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tonb-e Bongeru (Persian: تنب بنگرو‎ also Romanized as Tonb-e Bongerū; also known as Tomb-e Bongerū) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 50 families.
 Modła [ˈmɔdwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Opatówek 15 km (9 mi) east of Kalisz and 120 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Holendry [xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Świnice Warckie 17 km (11 mi) west of Łęczyca and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Chameh Ben (Persian: چمه بن‎; also known as Chaman Ben) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 20 families.
 Ab Hajjat-e Chahar Bisheh (Persian: آب حاجت چهار بيشه‎ also Romanized as Āb Ḩājjat-e Chahār Bīsheh; also known as Ābḩājat) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Antinaco (La Rioja) is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Dhorës is a village in the municipality of Qendër in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Kashigaon is a town located on Old Ghodbunder Road Maharashtra state in India. It is now a part of Thane city. Kashigaon is a place that connects Kashimira with Mashachapada Road It is hard to believe that there is an entire Fishermen s Village in this part of the suburbs! A place Which is rich in culture and heritage of the kolis(Fishermen). If you come to Mumbai this is a place that must be visited.
 Odrowąż [ɔˈdrɔvɔ̃ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Czarny Dunajec 13 km (8 mi) west of Nowy Targ and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 920.
 Bródki [ˈbrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Przymuszewo [pʂɨmuˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Brusy 35 km (22 mi) north of Chojnice and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 77.
 Sari Bolagh (Persian: ساري بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Sārī Bolāgh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 15 families.
 Agalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Somvarpet taluk of Kodagu district in Karnataka.
 Eshgaft Deraz (Persian: اشگفت دراز‎ also Romanized as Eshgaft Derāz; also known as Eshkaft Darāz and Eshkaft Derāz) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tarapatti Sirsiya is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6271 persons living in 1108 individual households.
 Skrzypaczowice [skʂɨpat͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łoniów 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Bosuta (Serbian: Босута) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 606 people.
 Mullusoge is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Somvarpet taluk of Kodagu district in Karnataka.
 Grajevce is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 404 people.
 Tazian-e Bala (Persian: تازيان بالا‎ also Romanized as Tāzīān-e Bālā and Tāzeyan-e Bālā) is a village in Tazian Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1414 in 302 families.
 Zaghan-e Olya (Persian: زاغان عليا‎ also Romanized as Zāghān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Zāghān-e Bālā and Zākhān-e Bālā) is a village in Agahan Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 64 families.
 Aşağıkocayatak is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bagh Gol (Persian: باغ گل‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Gol and Bāgh-e Gol) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 31 families.Bagh Gol is located North of Tehran in the Alborz mountains range just behind Tochal mountain.
 Stok [stɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 90 km (56 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 393.
 Salur Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bandial is a village in the commune of Enampore Nyassia Arrondissement Ziguinchor Department in the Ziguinchor Region of Senegal. According to PEPAM (Programme d'eau potable et d'assainissement du Millénaire) Bandial has a population of 229 people living in 32 houses.
 Dayıcık is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Gülnar is 33 kilometres (21 mi) and to Mersin is 180 kilometres (110 mi). The population of the village was 593 as of 2011.
 Aughinish (sometimes written as Aughnish) (Eachinis in Irish) is a small island and townland located in Oughtmama Parish of the Barony of Burren in north County Clare in Ireland on the south shore of Galway Bay. By road it is 10.9 kilometres (6.8 mi) northwest of Kinvarra. The island is approximately two miles (3 km) wide and a mile (1.6 km) from the northernmost tip to the southernmost point and has approximately fifty inhabitants.
 Koidula Saare County is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Rig-e Kaput (Persian: ريگ كپوت‎ also Romanized as Rīg-e Kapūt; also known as Rīg-e Kapūtī) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2389 in 406 families.
 Ghoreybeh (Persian: غريبه‎ also Romanized as Gharaibeh Gharībeh and Ghoraibeh; also known as Nahr-e Ghereybeh Nahr-e Ghoreybeh Qarīheh Qaşabeh Qoreybe‘ Qoreybeh and Qusibeh) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 468 in 76 families.
 Dom Qaleh (Persian: دم قلعه‎ also Romanized as Dom Qalʿeh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 9 families.
 Napraty [naˈpratɨ] (German: Napratten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kiwity 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Lidzbark Warmiński and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Dhubang is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone western Nepal.
 Wielki Łan [ˈvjɛlki ˈwan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) west of Włodawa and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Yukarınasırlı is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Ględy [ˈɡlɛndɨ] (German Gallinden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Małdyty 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Królowa Polska [kruˈlɔva ˈpɔlska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kamionka Wielka 10 km (6 mi) east of Nowy Sącz and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Czaje-Bagno [ˈt͡ʂajɛ ˈbaɡnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 130.
 Shahrak-e Ansar (Persian: شهرک انصار‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Anşār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 composed of fourteen families.
 Jushqan (Persian: جوشقان‎ also Romanized as Jūshqān) is a village in Tabar Rural District Jolgeh Shoqan District Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 561 in 152 families.
 Bandpey (Persian: بندپي‎ also Romanized as Band Pī) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1447 in 376 families.
 Kywegyan is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Bozdash (Persian: بزداش‎ also Romanized as Bozdāsh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 15 families.
 Moasseseh-ye Kamili (Persian: موسسه كميلي‎ also Romanized as Moasseseh-ye Kamīlī) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Powałki [pɔˈvau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 97 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 324.
 Brajići (Cyrillic: Брајићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cheshmeh Shirin (Persian: چشمه شيرين‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Shīrīn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Paczków [ˈpat͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Surni-ye Olya (Persian: سورني عليا‎ also Romanized as Sūrnī-ye ‘Olyā Soorenié Olya and Sūrenī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Sūrīni Sūrīnī-ye ‘Olyā Sūrnī-ye Bālā and Sūrnīyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Razavar Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 65 families.
 Benenard [bɛˈnɛnart] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Radziejowice 4 km (2 mi) south of Żyrardów and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Cyganówka [t͡sɨɡaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilga within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in eastern-central part of Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Garwolin and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Sailal is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Qarah Kahriz (Persian: قره كهريز‎ also Romanized as Qarah Kahrīz and Qareh Kahrīz) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 43 families.
 Włodzice Małe [vwɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Wenig Walditz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Lwówek Śląski and 107 kilometres (66 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Anaikarai is a village panchayat under thiruvidaimaruthur taluk in Tanjavur district Tamil Nadu India. Anaikarai connects with two major bridges. Nearly 1 km long on both sides. It is an island in the basin of Cauvery river.Nearly 2000 families live in Anaikarai with the main occupation of agriculture and fishing. It is well known and place for river fishes.Villaiyandavar (Ayyanar) temple is located in the west side of Anaikarai. It is built by chola empires.
 Radoszyce [radɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Радошиці Radoshytsi) village in East Małopolska the southeastern part of Poland in Bieszczady mountains. Situated in the Subcarpathian Voivodship (since 1999) previously in Krosno Voivodeship (1975–1998) and Sanok district Komańcza subdistrict located near the towns of Medzilaborce and Palota (in northeastern Slovakia).It is situated below the main watershed at the foot of the Radoszyce Mountain Pass and has an elevation of 570 metres.
 Yazan (Persian: يازن‎ also Romanized as Yāzan) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 59 families.
 Chathangottunada is a small village in Calicut district. It located in Kavilumpara panchayath. Wayanad Road (which connects Kuttiyadi and Mananthavady) goes through the town. A. J. John Memorial High School one of the oldest education schools is located here. Nearby towns include Thottilpalam and Kuttiyadi. The village's residents include Hindus Christians and Muslims. The principal political parties are CPIM and the Indian National Congress.
 Kureh Tasheh (Persian: كوره تاشه‎ also Romanized as Kūreh Tāsheh) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 37 families.
 Aliabad-e Ladi (Persian: علي ابادلدي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Ladī) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 415 in 83 families.
 Dashkhani (Persian: داشخاني‎ also Romanized as Dāshkhānī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Bahbūd') is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 Chrzanów [ˈxʂanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobierzyce within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tur-Piaski [ˈtur ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Michałów 9 km (6 mi) west of Pińczów and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Czciradz [ˈt͡ʂt͡ɕirat͡s] (formerly German Zyrus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kożuchów 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Nowa Sól and 25 km (16 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 519.
 Sorkh Degar (Persian: سرخ دگار‎ also Romanized as Sorkh Degār; also known as Sorkh Dagān Sorkh Degāl Sorkh Dekāl and Sorkh Dogān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Smolarka [smɔˈlarka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Włocławek and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Smardzew [ˈsmard͡zɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Radzanów 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Białobrzegi and 69 km (43 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 200.
 Tolombeh-ye Shomareh-ye Chahar Posheh Khaneh (Persian: تلمبه شماره4 پشه خانه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shomāreh-ye Chahār Posheh Khāneh) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bahhas (Persian: بحاث‎ also Romanized as Bahhās̄ Baḩās̄ and Baḩḩās̄) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 31 families.
 Hesar (Persian: حصار‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 66 families.
 Shahini (Persian: شاهيني‎ also Romanized as Shāhīnī; also known as Shaīm and Shaīnī) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1880 in 509 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Husainābād) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1918 in 447 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Bezhveh) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 942 in 176 families.
 Budziszów Wielki [buˈd͡ʑiʂuf ˈvjɛlki] (German: Groß Baudiß) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Wądroże Wielkie 18 km (11 mi) east of Jawor and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Zakurzewo [zakuˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Grudziądz and 61 km (38 mi) north of Toruń.
 Shinal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Rozwozin [rɔzˈvɔʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Żuromin and 124 km (77 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Dolice [dɔˈlit͡sɛ] (formerly German Dölitz) is a village in Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dolice. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2000.
 Khachekin (Persian: خاچكين‎ also Romanized as Khāchekīn; also known as Hājkīn Khadzhakhkin Khājīkīn Khājkīn Khavaj Kin Khvāchekīn Khvājeh Kheyr Khvājgīn and Khvājkīn) is a village in Chukam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1824 in 524 families.
 Pulczynów [pulˈt͡ʂɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Frampol 12 km (7 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 184.
 Amunugama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jelače is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Čičkovina is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Aq Gonbaz is village in Samangan Province in northern Afghanistan. It is located in the northern part of Samangan Province and lies in a dry wide valley. Aq Gonbaz is accessed via a dirt track east of the A76 highway to the northeast of Hazrat e Soltan.
 Kenchanatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sarnowo [sarˈnɔvɔ] (German: Rehgart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Parakkadavu is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Qush Qayehsi (Persian: قوش قيه سي‎ also Romanized as Qūsh Qayehsī; also known as Qūsh Tappehsī) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 27 families.
 Gur Mohammad (Persian: گورمحمد‎ also Romanized as Gūr Moḩammad; also known as Tīzāb) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 28 families.
 Shurabeh (Persian: شورابه‎ also Romanized as Shūrābeh) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Falborz-Kolonia [ˈfalbɔʂ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Burun Daraq (Persian: بورون درق‎ also Romanized as Būrūn Daraq; also known as Bīrūn Daraq Borūn Daraq Burun-Dara and Būrūn Darreh) is a village in Sina Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 7 families.
 Kamienica [kamjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kamienica. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Limanowa and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 4000.
 Latak (Persian: لتاك‎ also Romanized as Latāk) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 107 families.
 Cheshmeh Ali-ye Kayedan (Persian: چشمه علي كايدان‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh ‘Alī-ye Kāyedān; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Kābedān Chashmeh-i-‘Ali Chashmeh-ye ‘Alī Cheshmeh ‘Alī-ye Mūchegān and Cheshmeh-ye ‘Alī) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 7 families.
 Gol Tappeh (Persian: گل تپه‎; also known as Kul Tepe) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 23 families.
 Tanum is a parish and district in the municipality of Bærum Norway. Its population (2007) is 2751.Tanum is home for the romanesque Tanum Church built between 1100 and 1130 and expanded in the 18th century. The church is known for its plaster art. The church is placed near the highest point of the Tanum plateau located approximately 150 meters above sea level.
 Al-Zaafaraniyah (Arabic: الزعفرانية‎ also spelled al-Za'afaranah) is a village in the northern Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located north of Homs. Nearby localities include Mashrafah to the southeast Talbiseh to the southwest Tasnin and Kafr Nan to the west al-Rastan to the northwest and Deir Ful and Izz al-Din to the northeast.
 Tolombeh-ye Henarestan Keshavarzi va Shobaneh Ruzi Shah (Persian: تلمبه هنرستان كشاورزي وشبانه روزي شه‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Henarestān Keshāvarzī va Shobāneh Rūzī Shah) is a village in Khursand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sadek [ˈsadɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Witawa [viˈtava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Dąbrowice 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Kutno and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Brzózki [ˈbʐuski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Staw within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Nowy Staw 16 km (10 mi) north of Malbork and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Andanjerd (Persian: اندنجرد‎; also known as Andangerd) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 60 families.
 Halkan (Persian: هلكان‎ also Romanized as Halḵān) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Kheybar (Persian: خيبر‎; also known as Shahrak-e Kheybar) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 37 families.
 Dybów [ˈdɨbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Żagań and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Rostam Bazar Nalant (Persian: رستم بازار نلنت‎ also Romanized as Rostam Bāzār Nalant) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 44 families.
 Dobre [ˈdɔbrɛ] is a village in Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dobre. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 48 km (30 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1627.
 Ammankudi is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India. It is the birthplace of Bollywood film actress Hema Malini.
 Medapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Zmeitsa (Bulgarian: Змейца) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Dospat Smolyan Province.
 Qaleh-ye Mamu (Persian: قلعه ممو‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Mamū and Qal‘eh Mamū; also known as Qālāymelyū) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 76 families.
 Slatina is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 214 people.
 Santa Rosa (Salta) is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Mystkowo [mɨstˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Baboszewo 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Abkenar (Persian: اب كنار‎ also Romanized as Ābkenār; also known as Āb-i-Kinār and Ab-kinar) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2970 in 979 families.
 Štitare is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Lipnica is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 974 people.
 Hasanabad-e Mehrab Jan (Persian: حسن ابادمهرابجان‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Mehrāb Jān; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād-e Mehrāb Khān) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Robeykheh (Persian: ربيخه‎ also Romanized as Robaikheh; also known as Robekeh and Rabika) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 39 families.
 Wrześnica [vʐɛɕˈnit͡sa] (German: Alt Wilhelmshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Czaplinek 25 km (16 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Bronisin Dworski [brɔˈniɕin ˈdvɔrski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1484 in 330 families.
 Cieciory [t͡ɕeˈt͡ɕɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Kolno and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 359.
 Elżbiecin [ɛlʐˈbjɛt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Krasnosielc 27 km (17 mi) north of Maków Mazowiecki and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Gij (Persian: گيج‎ also Romanized as Gīj) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 20 families.
 Surgah (Persian: سورگاه‎ also Romanized as Sūrgāh) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 79 families.
 Łękawica [wɛnkaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Siennica 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 47 km (29 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Rydzynka [rɨˈd͡zɨnka] (German: Krügershof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Lazac is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Ignaców [iɡˈnat͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Żytno 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 103 km (64 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kareivonys is a village in Jakėnų eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 116 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 99.
 Kuligod is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gokak taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Rustai-ye Chah-e Malek (Persian: روستاي چاه ملک‎ also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Chāh-e Malek; also known as Shahrak-e Chāhmalek) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 90 families.
 İmamlar is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 86 people.
 Karzuiyeh (Persian: كارزوئيه‎ also Romanized as Kārzū’īyeh) is a village in Rabor Rural District in the Central District of Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 13 families.
 Ab Nagun (Persian: آب‌نگون‎ also Romanized as Āb Nagūn and Ābnagūn) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Khankuiyeh (Persian: خانكوئيه‎ also Romanized as Khānkū’īyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Nater (Persian: ناتر‎ also Romanized as Nāter) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 677 in 183 families.
 Gol Gol (Persian: گل گل‎; also known as Kulkul) is a village in Jowzan Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Jughan (Persian: جوغان‎ also Romanized as Jūghān and Jowghān) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 380 in 89 families.
 Biedrzyce-Koziegłowy [bjɛˈdʐɨt͡sɛ kɔʑɛˈɡwɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Okulice [ɔkuˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Ocklitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Smrčevice is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Uzundere is a village in the District of Hasankeyf Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 195 people.
 Shami Kandi (Persian: شمي كندي‎ also Romanized as Sham‘ī Kandī) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 260 in 70 families.
 An Cư is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tịnh Biên District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Ban Kalvali (Persian: بان كل ولي‎ also Romanized as Bān Kalvalī; also known as Kūh Khāleh) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 16 families.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Łowicz and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Alamgir village comes under the Bhogpur development block of Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Tolombeh-ye Vali Asr (Persian: تلمبه ولي عصر‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Valī ʿAṣr) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Kandlakoya is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Medchal mandal. There is a junction of Outer Ring Road Hyderabad passing through the village. Sai Geetha Ashram is also located here.
 Vitthalwadi is a panchayat village in the state of Maharashtra India on the left (north) bank of the Bhima River. Administratively Vitthalwadi is under Shirur Taluka of Pune District in Maharashtra. There is only the single village of Vitthalwadi in the Vitthalwadi gram panchayat. The village of Vitthalwadi is 6 km by road south of the village of Talegaon Dhamdhere and 18 km by road east of the town of Koregaon Bhima.
 Zeh (Persian: زه‎) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1098 in 225 families.
 Sufivand (Persian: صوفي وند‎ also Romanized as Şūfīvand) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 21 families.
 Gromadzin [ɡrɔˈmad͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Przywidz 20 km (12 mi) west of Pruszcz Gdański and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 112.
 Bielkowo [bjɛlˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Beelkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Sianów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Koszalin and 151 km (94 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 269.
 Paoskoto (often Paoscoto or Paos Koto) is a village and rural commune in Paoskoto Arrondissement in the Nioro du Rip Department of the Kaolack Region of Senegal located near the border with the Gambia.
 Rajsko Duże [ˈrai̯skɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Rozprza 13 km (8 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tmeimichatt is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Vlkov pod Oškobrhem is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 1.42 km² and as of 2006 it had a population of 101.
 Kaboïla is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 654 square kilometers and includes 26 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 26272. The village of Kaboïla is 12 km south of Sikasso near the main road the RN7 linking Sikasso with Ouangolodougou in the Ivory Coast.
 Kyundaw is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Gogolewo [ɡɔɡɔˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marianowo within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Marianowo 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Saheb Khan Barani (Persian: صاحب خان باراني‎ also Romanized as Şāḩeb Khān Bārānī; also known as Deh-e Şāḩeb Khān and Şāḩeb Khān) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Ruan Bay is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 İkizdere Damal is a village in the District of Damal Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Mazar-e Khosrowjerd (Persian: مزارخسروجرد‎ also Romanized as Mazār-e Khosrowjerd) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bojszowy Nowe [bɔi̯ˈʂɔvɨ ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojszowy within Bieruń-Lędziny County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Bojszowy 11 km (7 mi) south of Bieruń and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1192.
 Amrudak (Persian: امرودك‎ also Romanized as Amrūdak) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 58 families.
 Karacahasan is a village in the District of Elmadağ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Mowtowr-e Tareh Kesht Kangur (Persian: موتورطرح كشت كنگور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ţareḥ Kesht Kangūr) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zdęgówko [zdɛnˈɡufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Orzysz 22 km (14 mi) north of Pisz and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād; also known as Noratābād) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 538 in 118 families.
 Qeshlaq Pol (Persian: قشلاق پل‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq Pol) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 40 families.
 Smolnica [smɔlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wronki 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Szamotuły and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 71.
 Siedliszcze [ɕɛdˈliʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wola Uhruska 30 km (19 mi) south of Włodawa and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 860.
 not to be confused with Chennai IndiaChanai is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6141 people living in 1023 individual households.
 Talsuru (Persian: تل سورو‎ also Romanized as Talsūrū) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 272 in 70 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Khiallu (Persian: قشلاق خياللو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Khīāllū; also known as Qeshlāq-e Khīārlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Ravna Reka is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 167 people.
 Wólka Rozwadowska [ˈvulka rɔzvaˈdɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Firlej within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Konar-e Hajji-ye Shekari (Persian: كنارحاجي شكاري‎ also Romanized as Konār-e Ḩājjī-ye Shekārī; also known as Konār-e Ḩājjī and Konār Ḩājjī) is a village in Hashivar Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 103 families.
 Kal Bhairab is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3787 people living in 713 individual households.In kalbhairab there are two villages bhukahan & toryan .In bhukahan bhatu bhairabthan rumalthanamaldharagharabaradandaokhaldhunga etc. are famous places. In torayan paltalamagada etc. are famous places.
 Dorobna Wola [dɔˈrɔbna ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Paradyż 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zielniki [ʑelˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Środa Wielkopolska and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 130.
 Dardağan is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Sarsareh (Persian: سرسره‎) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 5 families.
 Jawala is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Belo Polje is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 48 people.
 Gözecik is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 58 people.
 Borovac is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 166 people.
 Osowiec [ɔˈsɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Iława and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Anielew [aˈɲɛlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kramsk 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Konin and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Azarsi-ye Sadollah (Persian: ازارسي سعداله‎ also Romanized as Āzārsī-ye Saʿdollah) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Danial (Persian: دانيال‎ also Romanized as Dānīāl) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 34 families.
 Advimallanakeri is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hadagalli taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Ali Sara (Persian: عليسرا‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Sarā) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 952 in 232 families.
 Ziarat-e Pakuh (Persian: زيارت پاكوه‎ also Romanized as Zīārat-e Pākūh; also known as Zīyārat-e Pākūh) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Zborówek [zbɔˈruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pacanów 29 km (18 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 155.
 Afzalabad (Persian: افضل اباد‎ also Romanized as Āfz̤alābād) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tolombeh-ye Ziayi (Persian: تلمبه ضيائي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ẕīāyī) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aqa Ali Penah (Persian: اقاعلي پناه‎ also Romanized as Āqā ʿAlī Penāh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Felin [ˈfɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Wejsuny-Leśniczówka [vɛi̯ˈsunɨ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 13.
 Su (Persian: سو‎ also Romanized as Sū; also known as Sūy) is a village in Naran Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 566 in 139 families.
 Głębokie [ɡwɛmˈbɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of Kalisz Pomorski 28 km (17 mi) south-west of Drawsko Pomorskie and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 Woskrzenice Małe [vɔskʂɛˈɲit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Ježeprosina (Cyrillic: Јежепросина) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wola Będkowska [ˈvɔla bɛntˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Burzenin 13 km (8 mi) south of Sieradz and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 252.
 Mazraeh-ye Saheb ol Zaman (Persian: مزرعه صاحب الزمان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Şāḩeb ol Zamān) is a village in Heruz Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 8 families.
 Żelice [ʐɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wągrowiec and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Deretürbelinas is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kramsk-Łęgi [ˈkramsk ˈwɛnɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west central Poland.
 Boże [ˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stromiec 14 km (9 mi) east of Białobrzegi and 59 km (37 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 220.
 Budy Sułkowskie [ˈbudɨ suu̯ˈkɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Radzowice [rad͡zɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Reesewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadowa Kłoda within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dziadowa Kłoda 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Oleśnica and 47 kilometres (29 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Poddąbrowa [pɔddɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Medoševac (Serbian: Медошевац) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Salameh-ye Sofla (Persian: سلامه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Salāmeh-ye Soflá and Salāmeh Soflá; also known as Salāmat Salāmeh and Salāmeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dorunak Rural District Zeydun District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 14 families.
 Msoga is a village in the Coast Region Bagamoyo District in Tanzania. It is located few kilometers north of Chalinze on the Dar es Salaam - Arusha road. This village is the domicile of the President of the United Republic of Tanzania Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete.
 Bitvrđa is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 23 people.
 Lasek [ˈlasɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Piskan (Persian: پيس كن‎ also Romanized as Pīskan) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Wales is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States first settled by Welsh immigrants. The population was 2549 at the 2010 census.
 Üçkardeş Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 167 people.
 Kharfakol (Persian: خرفكل‎; also known as Khal’fakyul’ Kharfeh Kal and Kharfeh Kol) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 640 in 155 families.
 Chomętówko [xɔmɛnˈtufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeżno within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ney Kan (Persian: ني كن‎) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 33 families.
 Nowruzlu (Persian: نوروزلو‎ also Romanized as Nowrūzlū; also known as Nowrūzābād) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Eyzadiyeh (Persian: ايزديه‎ also Romanized as Eyzadīyeh) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Grabrovnica is a village in Croatia located in the Pitomača municipality Virovitica-Podravina County. The village is known as a birthplace of Croatian poet Petar Preradović.
 Chhaygram is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Rokovci is a village in Croatia.
 Hoseynabad-e Taqi (Persian: حسين ابادتقي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Taqī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District Bala Velayat District Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 9 families.
 Grov is a small village in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. Grov lies along the Eikefjorden at the junction of the highways Rv.5 and Fv.614 just a couple kilometres south of the Norddalsfjord Bridge. Grov is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the village of Brandsøy and 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of the town of Florø along Rv.5 and about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the west is the village of Eikefjord. The Tonheim-Grov area had 100 inhabitants in 2001.
 Męcina [mɛnˈt͡ɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Limanowa and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3118.
 Biejkowska Wola [bjɛi̯ˈkɔfska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Promna 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Białobrzegi and 61 km (38 mi) south of Warsaw the capital of Poland.
 Deh Yusefan-e Olya (Persian: ده يوسفان عليا‎ also Romanized as Deh Yūsefān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Deh Yūsefān-e Bālā Dīv Saffān-e ‘Olyā and Terkeleh) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Taza-Abad is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Sasek Mały [ˈsasɛk ˈmawɨ] (German: Paterschobensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Szczytno and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Andrzejów [anˈdʐɛjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Auja al-Hafir also Auja was an ancient road junction close to water wells in the western Negev and eastern Sinai. It was the traditional grazing land of the 'Azazme tribe. The border crossing between Egypt and Ottoman/British Palestine about 60 km south of Gaza was situated there. Today it is the site of Nitzana and the Ktzi'ot military base in the Southern District of Israel.
 West Lafayette is a village in Coshocton County Ohio United States. The population was 2321 at the 2010 census.
 Kierzki [ˈkʲɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Herby within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Lubliniec and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 57.
 Kahn-e Ali Mohammad (Persian: كهن علي محمد‎ also Romanized as Kahn-e ʿAlī Moḩammad) is a village in Zaboli Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 5 families.
 Łumbie [ˈwumbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sejny and 116 km (72 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Abbas (Persian: عباس‎ also Romanized as ʿAbbās) is a village in Azadeh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Arnan (Persian: ارنان‎ also Romanized as Arnān) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 774 in 169 families.
 Milton is an unincorporated village in Chittenden County Vermont United States. The population was 1537 at the 2000 census. The village disincorporated in 2003. It became a census-designated place in 2008.
 Meşeli is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 232 people.
 Qasr Abu Hadi (Arabic: قصر ابو هادي‎ Qaşr Abū Hādī) is a village with estimated 4890 inhabitants in the Sirte District of Libya. It is 2 km east of the Gardabya Airport and 20 km south of Sirte.Former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi claimed to have been born in a goat-hair tent near the village on 7 June 1942.
 Keblov is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Cheshmeh-ye Shah (Persian: چشمه شاه‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Shāh) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bid Khal (Persian: بيدخل‎ also Romanized as Bīd Khal) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 21 families.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Deszczno within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Deszczno and 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mogilany [mɔɡiˈlanɨ] is a village in Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mogilany. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2200.
 Al-Bitar (Arabic: البطار‎) is a village in the Tartus Governorate nesting at one of the Coastal Mountain Range peaks at an altitude of about 1000m above mean sea level. Al-Bitar is located about 7 km from Mashta al-Helu town and resort 60 km from Homs 50 km from Tartus and about 215 km from the capital city Damascus. The village itself elevates about 700m above mean sea level while some of its peaks reaches 1000m.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎; also known as Kalāteh-ye Nowdeh Kalateh-i-Naudeh Kalāteh Naudeh Kalāt-e Nowdeh Kūh-e Nowdeh and Kalāteh-ye Nūdeh) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 41 families.
 Golice [ɡɔˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Grüneberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Cedynia 46 km (29 mi) south of Gryfino and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mezlageh-ye Soflá (Persian: مزلاگه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mezlāgeh-ye Soflá; also known as Mazlāgeh Meslāgeh Mezlāgeh Mezlāgeh-ye Pā’īn and Muzlāgiā) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Golden is a village in Tishomingo County Mississippi United States. The population was 201 at the 2000 census. The village's current mayor is Davy Ginn.
 Krehin Gradac (Cyrillic: Крехин Градац) is a village in the municipality of Čitluk Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ezzatabad (Persian: عزت اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ezzatābād; also known as Makān Mastoqol and Īzadābād) is a village in Dizaj Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1442 in 229 families.
 Nikatenna (7°22'N 80°31'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Taunggon is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Pazurek [paˈzurɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Olkusz and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Chinna Rajulagumada is a village located in Vangara Mandal of Srikakulam district in State of Andhra Pradesh.
 Samundratar is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1859 people living in 364 individual households.
 Akçay is a village in the district of İnebolu Kastamonu Province Turkey. The population of the village is 24.
 Thenkurissi-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Barłogi [barˈwɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Konin and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 200.
 Posht-e Aspar Barani (Persian: پشت اسپرباراني‎ also Romanized as Posht-e Aspar Bārānī; also known as Posht-e Aspar) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Perna [ˈpɛrna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Kutno and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Lätiniidi is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Łężec [ˈwɛ̃ʐɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Strzałkowo 3 km (2 mi) west of Słupca and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kharkuiyeh (Persian: خاركوييه‎ also Romanized as Khārkū’īyeh; also known as Khārkū and Khārkūn) is a village in Horjand Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 39 families.
 Chokhur Kand (Persian: چخوركند‎ also Romanized as Chokhūr Kand; also known as Chokhūr Kandī Chūkhūr Kand and Chūkhūr Kandī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 343 in 57 families.
 Hirebellikatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Tazehabad-e Tumar (Persian: تازه ابادتومار‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Tūmār) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 14 families.
 Mashahran (Persian: ماهشهران‎ also Romanized as Māshahrān and Māshehrān; also known as Māh Shahrān and Māshahrān-e Now) is a village in Tiab Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 464 in 91 families.
 Mniszki [ˈmniʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Łęczyca and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shur-e Qarah Kand (Persian: شورقره كند‎ also Romanized as Shūr-e Qarah Kand Shūr-e Qareh Kand and Shūr Qareh Kand; also kown as Shūreh Qareh Kand) is a village in Varqeh Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 66 families.
 Sabz Daraq (Persian: سبزدرق‎; also known as Sabzeh Daraq) is a village in Guzal Darreh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 99 families.
 Marianów [maˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Stoczek 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Osuchów [ɔˈsuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 370.
 Glinno [ˈɡlinnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walim within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Walim 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Wałbrzych and 61 kilometres (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 150.
 Łaznów-Kolonia [ˈwaznuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mugalihal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Vrioci (Serbian: Вриоци) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Manjinqan (Persian: منجينقان‎ also Romanized as Manjīnqān; also known as Manjeghan Manjeqān Menjqān and Minjgān) is a village in Duzaj Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 76 families.
 Bogusławice [bɔɡuswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wolbórz 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zagajewice [zaɡajɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Biskupia 16 km (10 mi) east of Inowrocław and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.
 Nowe Batorowo [ˈnɔvɛ batɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north of Elbląg and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Aghbolagh (Persian: اغبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Āghbolāgh; also known as Āqbolāgh and Āq Bolāgh) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 47 families.
 Ligotka [liˈɡɔtka] (German Ellguth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bideshk (Persian: بيدشك‎ also Romanized as Bīdeshk and Bīde Shak) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 13 families.
 Marble Cliff is a village in Franklin County Ohio United States. The population was 573 at the 2010 census.Marble Cliff was one of the first suburbs of Columbus Ohio settled as a community in 1890 and incorporated as the Hamlet of Marble Cliff in 1901. It took its name from the Marble Cliff Quarry Co. (still in use today) and at this time stretched all the way from the Scioto River to the Olentangy River.
 Valli is a village in Raikküla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Sapalan is a village in the District of Koçarlı Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 112 people.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kuyubaşı Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Skarpa [ˈskarpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Gola Wąsoska [ˈɡɔla vɔ̃ˈsɔska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 km (3 mi) north of Wąsosz 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Góra and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 200.
 Koleybi (Persian: كليبي‎ also Romanized as Koleybī and Kalibi) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 651 in 131 families.
 Peerni is a village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 22 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Psary [ˈpsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Trzebinia 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Chrzanów and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village had a population of 1439 at 2009.
 Krześniaków [kʂɛɕˈɲakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Warka 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Grójec and 49 km (30 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 Nomreh-ye Noh (Persian: نمره 9‎) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khadka Bhadrakali is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5539 . On recent survey in 2011 the VDC had a total population of 10761.
 Beźnik [ˈbɛʑnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Przysucha and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Byłyczek [bɨˈwɨt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Śliwice 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 71 km (44 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 50.
 Bihibare is a Bayarban village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1082 people living in 208 individual households.
 Chah Talekh (Persian: چاه تلخ‎ also Romanized as Chāh Talekh; also known as Ḩasanābād and Chahtālkh) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Bee is a village in Seward County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 191 at the 2010 census.
 Mukali is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2651 people living in 501 individual households.
 Wólka Szczawińska [ˈvulka ʂt͡ʂaˈviɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of Płońsk and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Slivnica is small village in Zadar County Croatia. It's separated in two districts the upper and down Slivnica. Population is 833 (2011). Slivnica is one of the biggest villages in Zadar County. Main road towards the Pag is going through Slivnica. Slivnica has few stores beautiful small beach church pizza place.						Villages near Slivnica are: Radovin Jovići Posedarje Grgurice Vinjerac
 Chah-e Taher (Persian: چاه طاهر‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ţāher) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 5 families.
 Lubinka [luˈbiŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleśna within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pleśna 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sorkh Alijeh (Persian: سرخليجه‎ also Romanized as Sorkh ‘Alījeh and Sorkhelījeh) is a village in Parsinah Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 52 families.
 Sabz Ali Sara (Persian: سبزعلي سرا‎ also Romanized as Sabz ʿAlī Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Ishgeh Su (Persian: ايشگه سو‎ also Romanized as Īshgeh Sū) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 19 families.
 Farsheh (Persian: فرشه‎) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 756 in 242 families.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 52 families.
 Kyawywa is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Güzelce is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 75 people.
 Los Nacimientos (Belén) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Belagur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hosadurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 Kwakowo [kfaˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kat Bosteh (Persian: كت بسته‎) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Kupres (Busovača) is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Altınkaya is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Hezar Darreh (Persian: هزاردره‎ also Romanized as Hezār Darreh; also known as Hezār Deh) is a village in Shurjeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 38 families.
 Leman [ˈlɛman] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) west of Kolno and 108 km (67 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 395.
 Chahak (Persian: چاهك‎ also Romanized as Chāhak) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 107 families.
 Palamutköy is a village in the District of İncirliova Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 167 people.
 Butlersbridge (Irish: Droichead an Bhuitléaraigh) is a picturesque village in County Cavan in Ireland 5 km (3.1 mi) north of Cavan Town just off the N3 National primary road. It was well known as point on the N3 but it was bypassed in 1999. The bridge in the village crosses the River Annalee a tributary of the River Erne. A church dedicated to the local St. Aiden is located in the town. It is approximately 8 mins drive or 9.0 km via the N54 to the border with Northern Ireland.
 Kelavarapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Ulkottai (South) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Krishnapuram is a village in Dattirajeru mandal in the Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh India. It has a population of 2160 people.It has no road facility and is 3 km (1.9 mi) away from the railway station at Donkinavalasa and 2 km (1.2 mi) from the bus station St.Burjavalasa. It is 45 km (28 mi) from Vizianagaram.It comes under the constitution Therlam.
 Tutak-e Olya (Persian: توتك عليا‎ also Romanized as Tūtak-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tūtak Tūtak Bālā Tūtak-e Bālā and Tūtang-e Bālā) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Ostrołęka [ɔstrɔˈwɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Samborzec 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 260.
 Maliniec [maˈliɲet͡s] (German: Höckenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Radowo Małe 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Łobez and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Barak [ˈbarak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Jastków and 9 km (6 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Dubów [ˈdubuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Łomazy 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 90 km (56 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Und-raja-varam is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Chunkuiyeh (Persian: چون كوييه‎ also Romanized as Chūnkū’īyeh; also known as Chūnagūn) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Valam (Persian: ولم‎) is a village in Panj Hezareh Rural District in the Central District of Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 22 families.
 Oraovica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2210 people.
 Bulamaji (Persian: بولاماجي‎ also Romanized as Būlāmājī; also known as Balā Mājī Bolāmājī Bulamachi and Būlāmājeh) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 109 families.
 Adrani is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2198 people.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيماباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād and Ibrāhīmābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 47 families.
 Wólka Zatorska [ˈvulka zaˈtɔrska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zatory 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Pułtusk and 43 km (27 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kalthurai (கல்துரை in Tamil) is a small and evergreen Village in Tamil Nadu India and falls under village panchayat administrative unit of kottathurai in palani taluk Dindigul District. Major river called Shanmuga Nadi is running through the village. The Shanmuganadi Dam is built across the Shanmugha Nadi in this village. Kalthurai is one of the best education village in Tamil Nadu.
 Odrače is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kucze Wielkie [ˈkut͡ʂɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Mohammadabad-e Sar Cheshmeh Berashk (Persian: محمدابادسرچشمه براشك‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Sar Cheshmeh Berāshk; also known as Sar Cheshmeh Berāshk Mohammad Ābād Moḩammadābād-e Sar Cheshmeh Sar Chashmeh Sar Cheshmeh and Sar-i-Chashmeh) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 21 families.
 Qarah Qanlu (Persian: قره قانلو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qānlū) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 95 families.
 Simara Bhawanipur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5035 people living in 978 individual households.
 Mostarska Vrata is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 Jolgeh-ye Khalaj-e Sofla (Persian: جلگه خلج سفلي‎ also Romanized as Jolgeh-ye Khalaj-e Soflá; also known as Jolgeh-ye Khalaj Julgai Jolgeh Khalaj and Jolgeh-ye Khalaj-e Pā’īn) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 67 families.
 İkizce is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Fadıl is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Grudki [ˈɡrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białowieża within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Białowieża 19 km (12 mi) east of Hajnówka and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Poesoegroenoe or Pusugrunu or Psugrunu is a village in Boven Saramacca Sipaliwini District central Suriname.It lies along the Saramacca River. It is served by a small airstrip Poesoegroenoe Airstrip.
 Asad Qeshlaqi-ye Yek (Persian: اسدقشلاقي 1‎ also Romanized as Asad Qeshlāqī-ye Yek) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 46 families.
 Shekar Ab (Persian: شكراب‎ also Romanized as Shekar Āb; also known as Shokrābād) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 7 families.
 Oruj (Persian: اروج‎ also Romanized as Orūj; also known as Oruch Orudzh Owrūj Ūroj and Ūrūj) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 32 families.
 Gradac is a village in the municipality of Batočina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 245 people.
 Zaviyeh Moradi (Persian: زاويه مرادي‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Morādī and Zāveyeh Morādī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 566 in 106 families.
 An Lạc is a commune (xã) and village in Sơn Động District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Konopnica 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 120.
 Tohidabad Zahedan (Persian: توحیدآباد‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 95 families.
 Al-Khunayzir (Arabic: الخنيزر‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the District of Baysan. It was depopulated by the Israel Defense Forces during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on May 20 1948. It was attacked as part of Operation Gideon.The population in 1931 was 83 increasing to 302 in 1948 with 70 houses.The springs of 'Uyun Umm al-Faraj and 'Ayn al-Khanazir used to supply the village with water. A cemetery was also located in the area.
 Biguina is a community or village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of northwestern Benin. It is located near the border with Togo and it sits on Benin's Route Nationale 3 one of the two main north-south highways in the country.Biguina is composed of four small villages. The four villages are situated in a line along the highway each spaced one to two kilometers apart.
 Khangabok is a village located about 25 km south of Imphal in the state of Manipur India. Its jurisdiction falls under the Thoubal District Division. Khangabok is one of the largest villages in Manipur in terms of area and population.The Meitei are the only ethnic groups in the village. The language spoken is Meiteilon (also known as Manipuri) which is recognized as one of India's national languages in 1992.
 Kalasur (Persian: كلاسور‎ also Romanized as Kalāsūr Kalasoor and Kelāsūr; also known as Keyālīsūr Kialiasur and Kyalyasur) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 22 families.
 Wellagiriya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gemibükü is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Madan-e Hajat (Persian: معدن حاجات‎ also Romanized as Ma‘dan-e Ḩājāt) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 68 families.
 Hales Corners is a village in Milwaukee County Wisconsin United States. The population was 7692 at the 2010 census.
 Murj-e Shahrak (Persian: مورج شهرك‎ also Romanized as Mūrj-e Shahrak; also known as Mūrch-e Shahrak and Mūrd-e Shahrak) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 761 in 151 families.
 Rzeczyca [ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski 28 km (17 mi) west of Biała Podlaska and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 900.
 Tavakkol (Persian: توكل‎) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 41 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Hay Iran Manesh (Persian: تلمبه هاي ايرانمنش‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Hāy Īrān Manesh) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Sreesiya is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2426 people living in 407 individual households.
 Challapalli or Challapalle is a village and Mandal in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.
 Weilo is a village on the southeastern coast of New Ireland Papua New Guinea. The Weilo River flows nearby.
 Furg (Persian: فورگ‎ also Romanized as Fūrg Fūrk and Foorag) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 240 families.
 Dar Agah (Persian: دراگاه‎ also Romanized as Dar Āgāh Derāgāh and Dorāgāh; also known as Dūrāhgāh) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 57 families.
 Ayyub (Persian: ايوب‎ also Romanized as Ayyūb) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 39 families.
 Robat-e Khakestari (Persian: رباطخاكستري‎ also Romanized as Robāţ-e Khākestarī) is a village in Sarjam Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 31 families.
 Brodica is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 468 people.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zberoż [ˈzbɛrɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Czernice Borowe 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 96 km (60 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kulumur is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Zamostowo [zamɔsˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Międzyrzecz 34 km (21 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 58 km (36 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Sarjām) is a village in Sarjam Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 867 in 235 families.
 Qar Qeshlaqi (Persian: قارقشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Qār Qeshlāqī; also known as Qārī Qeshlāq) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 16 families.
 Psary [ˈpsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kozienice and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Karwowo [karˈvɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 16 families.
 Kąty [ˈkɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Łanięta 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Kutno and 67 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sakówko [saˈkufkɔ] (German: Charlottenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Pasłęk 16 km (10 mi) east of Elbląg and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Susanbal (Persian: سوسنبل‎ also Romanized as Sūsanbal) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 15 families.
 Soleyman Chapar (Persian: سليمان چپر‎ also Romanized as Soleymān Chapar; also known as Soleymān Chūr) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 9 families.
 Zall-Dajt is a village in the municipality of Zall-Bastar in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Zarrin Kuyeh (Persian: زرين كويه‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Kūyeh) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 55 families.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Korczew 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 117 km (73 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Bogusławice-Nowiny [bɔɡuswaˈvit͡sɛ nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 74.
 Choqa-ye Sefid (Persian: چقاسفيد‎ also Romanized as Choqā-ye Sefīd) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Chennur is a village and a mandal in Kadapa district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Anday (Persian: انداي‎ also Romanized as Andāy) is a village in Karizan Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 31 families.
 Goreh (Persian: گره‎ also Romanized as Gorrah and Gorreh; also known as Gūreh and Gurreh) is a village in Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Khosrow Beyg (Persian: خسروبيگ‎; also known as Khosrowbag Khosrow Bak and Khusrowi) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District Milajerd District Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1914 in 468 families.
 Abbas Kandi (Persian: عباس كندي‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbās Kandī) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 26 families.
 Miši (in Serbian Cyrillic: Миши) is a village in the municipality of Livno in Canton 10 of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In the 1991 census it had a population of 919 inhabitants a majority of whom were Croats.
 Ćemanovići (Serbian: Ћемановићи) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Samolubie [samɔˈlubjɛ] (German: Lauterhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Szewnia Dolna [ˈʂɛvɲa ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Adamów 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Zamość and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 440.
 Kruszyna [kruˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Darmandek (Persian: درماندك‎ also Romanized as Darmāndek; also known as Darmānderīk and Dīlmānderīk) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 16 families.
 Jelu (Persian: جلو‎ also Romanized as Jelū; also known as Jīlū) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 14 families.
 Baryczka [baˈrɨt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Przyłęk 17 km (11 mi) east of Zwoleń and 115 km (71 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Šahmeri is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Potkalinje (Cyrillic: Поткалиње) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kesići (Cyrillic: Кесићи) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chamum-e Khar Maarak (Persian: چموم خرمعارك‎ also Romanized as Chamūm-e Khar Ma‘ārak; also known as ‘Eyn-e Falīh ‘Eyn-e Falīḩ ‘Eyn-e Feleyyeḩ and ‘Eyn Falīḩ) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ninh Lợi is a commune (xã) and village in Hồng Dân District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Bór Zajaciński [ˈbur zajaˈt͡ɕiɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przystajń within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Przystajń 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Kłobuck and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 284.
 Chata Araji is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Huthridurga is situated about 65 km west of Bengaluru in the state of Karnataka in Kunigal taluk. It is situated off the Kunigal-Magadi state highway (SH94) at a distance of about 7km from it and 10km from the Anchepalya industrial area on the Bengaluru-Mangalore National Highway (India) - NH48 near Kunigal.It was built by Kempegowda in the 16th century. Ruined fortifications are still visible on the two hillocks surrounding the village.
 Bathnaha is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7210 people living in 1206 individual households.
 Kongyi is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Razmabad (Persian: رزم اباد‎ also Romanized as Razmābād) is a village in Shonbeh Rural District Shonbeh and Tasuj District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Turów [ˈturuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztyn within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Częstochowa and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 559.
 Czaplice-Bąki [t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ ˈbɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Pareshkaft-e Darb Kalat (Persian: پراشكفت درب كلات‎ also Romanized as Pareshkaft-e Darb Kalāt; also known as Bar Eshgaft Pareshkaft and Pīr Eshkaft) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 25 families.
 Slobodna Vlast is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D38 highway.
 For other places with this name see New Hartford (disambiguation).New Hartford is a village in Oneida County New York United States. The population was 1847 at the 2010 census. The name was provided by early settlers for New Hartford Connecticut.The Village of New Hartford is inside the Town of New Hartford near the border with Utica New York.
 Gzików [ˈɡʑikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Błaszki 25 km (16 mi) west of Sieradz and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 El Trapiche is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Bughda Kandi (Persian: بوغداكندي‎ also Romanized as Būghdā Kandī; also known as Bugda-Kend and Bukda Kandi) is a village in Bughda Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1036 in 258 families.
 Tahrud (Persian: تهرود‎ also Romanized as Tahrūd and Tahrood) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 901 in 228 families.
 Chełchy Kmiece [ˈxɛu̯xɨ ˈkmjɛt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nehuyeh (Persian: نهويه‎ also Romanized as Nehūyeh; also known as Nūhūyeh and Tohūyeh) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 111 families.
 Kola Kardeh (Persian: کلاکرده‎ also Romanized as Kolā Kardeh) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 103 families.
 Świdno [ˈɕfidnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Krasocin 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Włoszczowa and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 380.
 Kamionna [kaˈmjɔnna] (German: Kammendorf bei Kanth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kąty Wrocławskie and 26 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Sztofrowa Huta [ʂtɔˈfrɔva ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Nowa Karczma 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Kościerzyna and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 92.
 Handaraki also spelled as Handarki (Kannada: ಹಂದರಕಿ ) is a village in the Sedam taluk of Gulbarga district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 Garkesh (Persian: گركش‎; also known as Karīkesh) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 Sicinki [ɕiˈt͡ɕiŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kęsowo 10 km (6 mi) west of Tuchola and 57 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Łęka Mroczeńska [ˈwɛnka mrɔˈt͡ʂɛɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Baranów 6 km (4 mi) south of Kępno and 149 km (93 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Skibniew-Kurcze [ˈskibɲɛf ˈkurt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 86 km (53 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Szołtany [ʂɔu̯ˈtanɨ] (Lithuanian: Šaltėnai) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Puńsk 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Sejny and 126 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kotowy [kɔˈtɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Skrwilno 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Rypin and 64 km (40 mi) east of Toruń.
 Kniewo [ˈkɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 321.
 Gowjeh Kand (Persian: گوجه كند‎; also known as Kūjākand) is a village in Babarashani Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 36 families.
 Lichynia [liˈxɨɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Leśnica 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Strzelce Opolskie and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Anajpur is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal. It is close to the Outer Ring Road Hyderabad.Ramoji Film city is situated in Anajpur village.
 Çeltikçi is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in delta of Göksu River. The distance to Silifke is 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) and to Mersin is 86 kilometres (53 mi). The population of Çeltikçi is 297 as of 2011.
 Stare Załubice [ˈstarɛ zawuˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 749.
 Morzychna [mɔˈʐɨxna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Posada Zarszyńska [pɔˈsada zarˈʂɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarszyn within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies close to Zarszyn approximately 15 km (9 mi) west of Sanok and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Nõmme is a village in Kasepää Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Bijapur is a village in the Pali district of Rajasthan.
 Mowtowr-e Zanjiri (Persian: موتورزنجيري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Zanjīrī) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 237 in 52 families.
 Udu Nuwara and Yatinuwara is a village in Sri Lanka. It is in Central Province.
 Pamerkiai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 131 people.
 Kızılcahöyük is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Dash Qapu (Persian: داشقاپو‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Qāpū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 32 families.
 Ballinhassig (Irish: Béal Átha an Cheasaigh) is a village in County Cork Ireland situated 10.6 km south of Cork City just off the N71 Bandon road and not far from the source of the River Owenabue (Abhainn Bui meaning Yellow River).Traditionally an agricultural area Ballinhassig has seen economic growth due to commuting being within easy reach of Cork City and the many multinational chemical and industrial facilities located in the surrounding areas.
 Kurani (Persian: كوراني‎ also Romanized as Kūrānī; also known as Kūrāneh) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 34 families.
 Mihnevo is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Piskajny [pisˈkai̯nɨ] (German: Peiskam) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 36 kilometres (22 mi) east of Elbląg and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Abadi Zavarzmand Shomareh Mowtowr 55 (Persian: ابادي زورزمندشماره موتور55‎ also Romanized as Ābādī Zavarzmand Shomāreh Mowtowr 55) is a village in Joghatai Rural District in the Central District of Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 67 families.
 Bashkalan (Persian: باش كلان‎ also Romanized as Bāshkalān) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 57 families.
 Koogi is a village in Tabivere Parish Jõgeva County Estonia. It has a population of 75 (as of 1 January 2009).
 Michałów Rudnicki [miˈxawuf rudˈnit͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kłomnice 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 146.
 Eslamabad-e Gonbad (Persian: اسلام ابادگنبد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Gonbad; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1412 in 317 families.
 Mgoszcz [mɡɔʂt͡ʂ] (German: Heimbrunn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Chełmno and 31 km (19 mi) north of Toruń.
 Czeczotki [t͡ʂɛˈt͡ʂɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Abbasabad-e Piazi (Persian: عباس ابادپيازي‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Pīāzī; also known as ‘Abbāsābād ‘Abbāsābād-e Bard ‘Alī and ‘Abbāsābād-e Zarand) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 75 families.
 Chenar-e Mishakhvor (Persian: چنارميشاخور‎ also Romanized as Chenār-e Mīshākhvor and Chenār-e Mīshākhor; also known as Mīshākhor) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 40 families.
 Tonia [ˈtɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Doruchów 14 km (9 mi) east of Ostrzeszów and 142 km (88 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Różaniec [ruˈʐaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnogród within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Tarnogród 26 km (16 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 104 km (65 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1556.
 Tuderna (Võro: Tudõrna) is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia. It's located on the left bank of Piusa River between Soena and Piusa villages.Tuderna has a station on currently inactive Valga–Pechory railway.
 Pomenovići is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Postawelek [pɔstaˈvɛlɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Sayyar Ahmadabad (Persian: سياراحمداباد‎ also Romanized as Sayyār Aḩmadābād) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 45 families.
 Yadu Bazar (Persian: عيدوبازار‎ also Romanized as ʿYadū Bāzār) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Nay Angiz (Persian: ناي انگيز‎ also Romanized as Nāy Angīz; also known as Nā’īn Gaz Naugaz and Now Gaz) is a village in Gerit Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 57 families.
 Stary Gaj [ˈstarɨ ˈɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.Through the village passes river Czerka.
 Koppole is a village in Ongole mandal Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. It is 3 km from Ongole.
 Aiamaa is a village in Nõo Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Tân Tiến is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Opinogóra Dolna [ɔpinɔˈɡura ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Opinogóra Górna 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 80 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Werkowo [vɛrˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wągrowiec and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mandwala is a village in the Jalore tehsil of Jalore district of Rajasthan state in India. It lies 19 km north of Jalore town and is on Bagoda Road. There is one famous Jain temple which is Jahaj Mandir one Baba Ramdevji temple and many Hindu temples in the village.
 Zhalan Tappeh Kakeh Aziz (Persian: ژالان تپه كاكه عزيز‎ also Romanized as Zhālān Tappeh Kākeh ʿAzīz) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 15 families.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kolno and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 500.
 Czarna Glina [ˈt͡ʂarna ˈɡlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ćmielów 8 km (5 mi) east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 20.
 Ananthanallur is a village in the Mayiladuthurai taluk of Nagapattinam district Tamil Nadu India.
 Anusin [aˈnuɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Sayeh Kor-e Sofla (Persian: سايه كرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sāyeh Kor-e Soflá and Sāyehkor-e Soflá; also known as Sādeh Kor-e Soflá Sāikūr Sāyeh Gor-e Pā’īn Sāyeh Kor-e Pā’īn Sayeh Kūr-e Pā’īn and Sāyeh Kūr-e Soflá) is a village in Agahan Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 74 families.
 Wróblewo [vruˈblɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Okrągłe [ɔˈkrɔnɡwɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujsoły within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ujsoły 22 km (14 mi) south of Żywiec and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.
 Roszczyce [rɔʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Wicko 18 km (11 mi) north of Lębork and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 203.
 Gowd-e Baqer (Persian: گودباقر‎ also Romanized as Gowd-e Bāqer) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qadamgah-e Emam Reza (Persian: قدمگاه امام رضا‎ also Romanized as Qadamgāh-e Emām Reẕā) is a village in Tazian Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Lizi (Persian: ليزي‎ also Romanized as Līzī) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 5 families.
 Zereshki (Persian: زرشكي‎ also Romanized as Zereshkī) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qandar Qalu (Persian: قندرقالو‎ also Romanized as Qandar Qālū and Qanderqālū; also known as Kardinkali Qandarqālī and Qandirqāli) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 52 families.
 Ambo (Quechua: Ampuq) is a town in central Peru capital of the province Ambo in the region Huánuco.Is was the birthplace of Bishop Ricardo Durand Flórez third Bishop of Callao.
 Errandapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Prusak [ˈprusak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sokolniki 16 km (10 mi) east of Wieruszów and 93 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Saddez Agricultural Pumping Complex (Persian: مجتمع تلمبه هائ كشاورزئ پشت جاده سددز‎ – Mojtame` Tolombeh Hāy Keshāvarzy Pasht Jādeh Saddez) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Meshelsheh-ye Sofla (Persian: مشلشه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Meshelsheh-ye Soflá; also known as Mesheylshīyeh-ye Pā’īn Mesheylshīyeh-ye Soflá Mīshelshīyeh-ye Soflá Mowsher Sheyeh and Mowsher Shīyeh) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 39 families.
 Balad (Persian: بالاد‎ also Romanized as Bālād) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1080 in 182 families.
 Kahtek (Persian: كهتك‎ also Romanized as Kahtak) is a village in Karian Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 43 families.
 Ziviyeh (Persian: زيويه‎ also Romanized as Zīvīyeh) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 625 in 95 families.
 Chub Tarash (Persian: چوب تراش‎ also Romanized as Chūb Tarāsh) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 72 families.
 Karminiec [karˈmiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dobrzyca 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Pleszew and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rashkin (Persian: رشكين‎ also Romanized as Rashkīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 47 families.
 Bi'r bin Ghunayma (Arabic: بير بن غنيمة‎) is a village in the Al Wahat District in north-eastern Cyrenaica Libya. Bi'r bin Ghunayma is located about 250 km south of the city of Bayda.
 Koźmin [ˈkɔʑmin] (German: Kosma) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Zgorzelec and 142 kilometres (88 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.In 2009 the village had a population of 182.
 Jaulipokhari is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3555 people living in 654 individual households.There are 9 ward no. 12 & 3 is lamidanda 4 is danchot 5 is Ramli 6 is Lapal 78 & 9 is uma.
 Qurshalu (Persian: قورشالو‎ also Romanized as Qūrshālū; also known as Qūrshāqlū) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 59 families.
 Łowinia [wɔˈviɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sędziszów 14 km (9 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 310.
 Konarı' is a village in the District of İscehisar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Długobór-Osada [dwuˈɡɔbur ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 113 families.
 Lubachów [luˈbaxuf] (German: Breitenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Świdnica and 59 kilometres (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mian Dasht (Persian: مياندشت‎ also Romanized as Mīān Dasht) is a village in Babolrud Rural District in the Central District of Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2082 in 558 families.
 Kaszewy Tarnowskie [kaˈʂɛvɨ tarˈnɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krzyżanów 9 km (6 mi) east of Kutno and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Anju (Persian: انجو‎ also Romanized as Anjū) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 67 families.
 Kawczyn (Kawcze-Młyn) (Kashubian: Kôwczé-Młin) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) south-west of Bytów and 118 km (73 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship. Kawczyn is located near the Studnica river.
 Abacı is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 Peninsula is a village in Summit County Ohio United States. The population was 565 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.It is located in the middle of the Cuyahoga Valley National Park which provides a source of tourism to the village. Blossom Music Center is located on its outskirts.
 Sivapur Palta is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2433 people living in 420 individual households.
 Skidlewo [skidˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Khatiban (Persian: خطيبان‎ also Romanized as Khaţībān) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 108 families.
 Khorramak (Persian: خرمك‎) is a village in Tabas-e Masina Rural District Gazik District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 20 families.
 Sinurjoda is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6298 persons living in 1128 individual households.
 Sarab-e Kulasah (Persian: سراب كولسه‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kūlasah; also known as Kolasah and Sarāb-e Kūlah Sah) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Fartan-e Kohneh (Persian: فرطان كهنه‎ also Romanized as Farţān-e Kohneh) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1749 in 403 families.
 Kohalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Kagheh (Persian: كاغه‎ also Romanized as Kāgheh) is a village in Silakhor Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 859 in 203 families.
 Gościeńczyce [ɡɔɕt͡ɕɛɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Grójec and 34 km (21 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kijevci is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Moghanjiq (Persian: مغانجيق‎ also Romanized as Moghānjīq; also known as Moghānjeq) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1877 in 399 families.
 Kata (Persian: كتا‎ also Romanized as Katā) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 97 families.
 Gurdahan (Persian: گوردهان‎ also Romanized as Gūrdahān) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Barnihar is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Senji-ye Olya (Persian: سنجي عليا‎ also Romanized as Senjī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Senjī and Sanjī) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 20 families.
 Składziste [skwaˈd͡ʑistɛ] (Ukrainian: Складисте Skladyste) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Łabowa 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Nowy Sącz and 88 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Visoce is a village in the municipality of Potom in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Falamkhani is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 978 people living in 178 individual households.
 Kord Kandi (Persian: كردكندي‎ also Romanized as Kord Kandī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 510 in 91 families.
 Brzeźnica [bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa] (German Bresnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rudnik 8 km (5 mi) north of Racibórz and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 597.
 Dąbrówka Pniowska [dɔmˈbrufka ˈpɲɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl nad Sanem within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Radomyśl nad Sanem 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Stalowa Wola and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 353.
 Seona is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Tuchlin [ˈtuxlin] (German Tuchlinnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Orzysz 23 km (14 mi) north of Pisz and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has an approximate population of 100.Demographics.
 Ab Kuleh Sar-e Kuchak (Persian: ابكوله سركوچك‎ also Romanized as Āb Kūleh Sar-e Kūchak; also known as Āb Kalleh Sar-e Kūchak) is a village in Mir Shams ol Din Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 104 families.
 Zieleniec [ʑɛˈlɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Głowaczów 24 km (15 mi) west of Kozienice and 71 km (44 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Darreh Bīdūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 13 families.
 Gamnab (Persian: گمن‌آب‎ also Romanized as Gamnāb) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 7 families.
 Jidarzar (Persian: جيدرزار‎ also Romanized as Jīdarzār; also known as Jīdarzāl) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Jonubi Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 19 families.
 Asgarlu (Persian: عسگرلو‎ also Romanized as ʿAsgarlū; also known as ‘Asgar Khānlū) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 18 families.
 Khadem Kandi (Persian: خادم كندي‎ also Romanized as Khādem Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 32 families.
 Yzberisht is a village in the municipality of Kashar in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Gom Eshaq (Persian: گم اسحاق‎ also Romanized as Gom Esḩāq; also known as Gomeh Esḩāq) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Qaleh-ye Seyyed (Persian: قلعه سيد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Seyyed; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Seyyed Moqīm) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 139 families.
 Karim Haseleh-ye Sofla (Persian: كريم حاصله سفلي‎ also Romanized as Karīm Ḩaşeleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 20 families.
 As Samd ash Shamali is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Kopaszyn [kɔˈpaʂɨn] (German: Kapatschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Vanak-e Sofla (Persian: ونك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Vanak-e Soflá; also known as Vanak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Chenarud-e Shomali Rural District Chenarud District Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 23 families.
 Parzęczewo [paʐɛnˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 639. It has a manor house and park currently in a state of disrepair and a wooden church originally built in the 18th century.
 Pacheh-ye Piazjar (Persian: پاچه پيازجار‎ also Romanized as Pācheh-ye Pīāzjār) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District Salehabad District Mehran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lubochnia Dworska [luˈbɔxɲa ˈdvɔrska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rowshandan (Persian: روشندان‎ also Romanized as Rowshandān) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District Bahnemir District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 830 in 214 families.
 Shur Hayat (Persian: شورحيات‎ also Romanized as Shūr Ḩayāt) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 795 in 167 families.
 Hırkato is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Narpavalakudi (Tamil: நர்ப்பவலகுடி ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Bahundanda is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2114 people living in 433 individual households.
 Gelinözü is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 114 people.
 Kourfeye is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Kumane (Serbian Cyrillic: Кумане) is a village located in the Novi Bečej municipality in the Central Banat District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (86.41%) and its population numbering 3814 people (2002 census).
 Chełmek [ˈxɛu̯mɛk] (German: Holm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Tatarkale is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Gowdan (Persian: گودن‎; also known as Godan) is a village in Kahir Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 73 families.
 Jeżewice [jɛʐɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Łabiszyn 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Żnin and 17 km (11 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Budków [ˈbutkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Wola Krzysztoporska 14 km (9 mi) west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Mattawan is a village in Antwerp Township Van Buren County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1997 at the 2010 census.
 Zaviyeh Khersan (Persian: زاويه خرسان‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Khersān and Zāveyeh Khersān) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 40 families.
 Sagban (Persian: سگبان ‎ also Romanized as Sagbān; also known as Seyvan and Sīvān) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 104 families.
 Sakhteman-e Jamshid-e Chin (Persian: ساختمان جمشيدچين‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān-e Jamshīd-e Chīn) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Al Hadrur is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Bašići (Cyrillic: Башићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Goliabad (Persian: گلي اباد‎ also Romanized as Golīābād; also known as Gowzābād) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gattan-e Olya (Persian: گتان عليا‎ also Romanized as Gattān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bongard Gatān Gattān-e Bālā and Gattān-e Nābī) is a village in Kangan Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 547 in 102 families.
 Pirzadeh (Persian: پيرزاده‎ also Romanized as Pīrzādeh) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Sigar-e Bala (Persian: سيگاربالا‎ also Romanized as Sīgār-e Bālā and Sigar Bala; also known as Sīgār Sīgār-e ‘Olyā Sīgār-e Pā’īn and Sīgār-e Soflá) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1078 in 243 families.
 Bronice [brɔˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasień within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Muusika is a village in Kernu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Dolní Žandov (German: Untersandau) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 41.32 km² and as of 2008 it had a population of 1208.
 Mohammadabad-e Saidabad (Persian: محمدابادسعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩmmadābād-e Sa‘īdābād; also known as Moḩmmadābād-e Şadrī) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 35 families.
 Javzar (Persian: جوزر‎; also known as Kānlī Bābā Tappehsī) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 16 families.
 Agarathirumalam is a village in the Nannilam taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Masarkal (Kannada: ಮಸರಕಲ್ ) is a village in the Devadurga taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Masarkal is located southeast to Devadurga town. Masarkal lies on road connecting Kalmala and Devadurga. Great saint Muktayakka lived in Masarkal in 12th century.
 Daryanil (Persian: دريانيل‎ also Romanized as Daryānīl) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Pancerzyn [panˈt͡sɛʐɨn] (German: Panzerei) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Ostróda and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Kabaca Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Madhaul Khurd is a village in Desri community development block in Vaishali district in the Indian state of Bihar. The main Post office is Desari and pin code of Madhaul is 844504
 Nowy Raduszec [ˈnɔvɨ raˈduʂɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 33 km (21 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ożarów [ɔˈʐaruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokrsko within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Wieluń and 97 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Radonie [raˈdɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Amuthugondapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Güvercinlik is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 54 people.
 Bakhri is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Bożęcin [bɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Morąg 17 km (11 mi) north of Ostróda and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Anbarteh-e Sofla (Persian: انبارته سفلي‎ also Romanized as Anbārteh-e Soflá; also known as Anbārteh and Amārateh-ye Soflá) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 6 families.
 Tol-e Noqareh (Persian: تل نقاره‎ also Romanized as Tol-e Noqāreh) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 15 families.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 43 families.
 Lipová (Cheb District) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Burraq (Arabic: براق‎) is a village in southern Syria located in the Daraa Governorate and in the Al-Sanamayn District. Its other names are Bouraq Bourâq Burāq Bouraa Al Burak Burak Buraq Burrāq Bourak. It is located at an altitude of 650 meters.
 Wilamowice [vilamɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepłowody within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Mej (Persian: مج‎) is a village in Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1451 in 378 families.
 Nosalewice [nɔsalɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Przedbórz 35 km (22 mi) east of Radomsko and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Thrissilery is a village in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India.Thrissilery Governament Higher Secondary School is the major educational institution. There is a hostel for tribal students. Thrissilery Child Development Centre under the Manangement of New India Bible Church is another educational institution. There is a famous Siva temple at Thrissilery.
 Busjin (Persian: بوسجين‎ also Romanized as Būsjīn; also known as Pūsjīn) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 629 in 139 families.
 Kalina [kaˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wierzbinek 28 km (17 mi) north of Konin and 100 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ustków [ˈustkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Warta 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mackinaw City /ˈmækɨnɔː ˈsɪti/ is a village in Emmet and Cheboygan counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 806 at the 2010 census; the population surges during the summer tourist season with the influx of seasonal workers who labor in the shops hotels and other recreational facilities there and in the surrounding region. Mackinaw City is at the northern tip (headland)of the Michigan's Lower Peninsula along the southern shore of the Straits of Mackinac.
 Glutnitsite is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Starczewo-Pobodze [starˈt͡ʂɛvɔ pɔˈbɔd͡zɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nav (Persian: ناو‎ also Romanized as Nāv; also known as Nāo) is a village in Shalyar Rural District Uraman District Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 724 in 173 families.
 Pudląg [ˈpudlɔnk] (German Paudling) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Smrdelje is a small village located 8 km southwest of Kistanje in the continental part of Šibenik-Knin County Croatia. The broader area of the village comprises several prehistoric tumuli. The remains of Roman architecture are found on two localities as well as several graves from the early Croatian period. The largest graveyard was on a place called Debeljak where the Croatian pagan burials from the 8th or 9th century have been established.
 Deh Kohneh (Persian: ده كهنه‎) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 534 in 135 families.
 Vionica is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 279 people.
 Khaneh Kenar (Persian: خانه كنار‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Kenār; also known as Khānī Kenār) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 105 families.
 Chelan (Persian: چلان‎ also Romanized as Chelān and Chālān) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 16 families.
 Phong Dân is a commune (xã) and village in Hồng Dân District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Solca [ˈsɔlt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Pilica 22 km (14 mi) east of Zawiercie and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Taq Hoseyn-e Seyd Hadi (Persian: طاق حسین سیدهادی‎ also Romanized as Ţāq Ḩoseyn-e Şeyd Hādī; also known as Ţāq Ḩoseyn) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 8 families.
 Ratmata is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2507 living in 450 individual households.
 Sajković is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jasiennik Stary [jaˈɕennik ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Potok Górny 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 341.
 Sebi (Persian: صبي‎ also Romanized as Şebī; also known as Qal‘eh Bālā Şebī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 58 families.
 Spóle [ˈspulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Galewice within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Galewice 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 97 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 260.
 Bolbolak (Persian: بلبلك‎) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 30 families.
 Murdel (Persian: موردل‎ also Romanized as Mūrdel) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 19 families.
 Kantha is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Berdu (Persian: بردو‎ also Romanized as Berdū and Bardū) is a village in Karizan Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 131 families.
 Poręba Górna [pɔˈrɛmba ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wolbrom 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Olkusz and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Bihunkot is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5575 and had 1071 houses in the town.
 Rasulabad (Persian: رسول اباد‎ also Romanized as Rasūlābād) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Soğukçam is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 52 people.
 Qezeljeh Gol (Persian: قزلجه گل‎; also known as Qezelcheh Gol) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District Hajjilar District Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 14 families.
 Qara Cheshmeh (Persian: قاراچشمه‎ also Romanized as Qārā Cheshmeh also known as Qarah Cheshmeh and Qareh Cheshmeh) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Kashkak (Persian: كشكك‎; also known as Kūshkak) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 26 families.
 Mekhadiri (Georgian: მეხადირი) is a village in the Gagra Municipality of Georgia.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Meyami Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 727 in 176 families.
 Katiran-e Pain (Persian: كتيران پائين‎ also Romanized as Katīrān-e Pā’īn; also known as Katīrān-e Soflá Ketīrā Khatīrān and Khetirān) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 52 families.
 Lenadora is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Myengan is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Rugir-e Hajji Mohammad Taqi (Persian: روگيرحاجي محمدتقي‎ also Romanized as Rūgīr-e Ḩājjī Moḩammad Taqī; also known as Rūgīr-e ’ājjī) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 44 families.
 Dar Gol (Persian: درگل‎ also Romanized as Dar Gel) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 23 families.
 Suchorzec [suˈxɔʐɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Oblička Sena is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 52 people.
 Stajićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Стајићево) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Zrenjanin municipality in the Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(96.29%) and its population numbering 1999 people (2002 census).
 Wandalinek [vandaˈlinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Boćki 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Heisler is a village in central Alberta Canada. It is located 23 km south of Daysland and 20 km north of Forestburg.
 Petříkov (Prague-East District) is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Moqarrab (Persian: مقرب‎; also known as Moqarrabīn) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 449 in 99 families.
 Kaaruka is a village in Roosna-Alliku Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia located just southeast of Roosna-Alliku the administrative centre of the municipality. It has a population of 78 (as of 31 December 2010).Kaaruka was first mentioned in 1564.Football players Meelis Rooba and Urmas Rooba were born in Kaaruka.Writer Wimberg described Kaaruka as the main location of his 2002 novel Lipamäe.
 Emamiyeh-e Sofla (Persian: اماميه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Emāmīyeh-ye Soflá and Emāmīyeh Soflá; also known as Sagān Sagān-e Pā’īn and Sagān-e Sofla') is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 810 in 174 families.
 Bandrani is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 760. The current estimate for 2009 is 1339 people
 Thanh Nưa is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Klatičevo is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 281 people.
 Targoszyce [tarɡɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Gholam Shahiki (Persian: غلام شهيکي‎ also Romanized as Gholām Shahīkī) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 28 families.
 Vadaseri North is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Brnjic (Cyrillic: Брњиц) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bolacalı is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Przedmieście Bliższe [pʂɛdˈmjɛɕt͡ɕɛ ˈbliʂʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Solec nad Wisłą 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Lipsko and 131 km (81 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 260.
 Qarah Hesarlu (Persian: قره حصارلو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Ḩeşārlū and Qareh Ḩeşārlū; also known as Ḩeşārlū) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 21 families.
 Gładków [ˈɡwatkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Tarczyn 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 30 km (19 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Yord-e Jamal (Persian: يردجمال‎ also Romanized as Yord-e Jamāl; also known as Yūrd-e Jamāl) is a village in Balesh Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 43 families.
 Novoseoci (Serbian: Новосеоци) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shavatk (Persian: شاواتك‎ also Romanized as Shāvātk) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Nittawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Menafabad (Persian: مناف اباد‎ also Romanized as Menāfābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Jaworzno [jaˈvɔʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rudniki 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Olesno and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 525.
 Hatta (Arabic: حتا‎) was a Palestinian Arab village of 1125 inhabitants that was depopulated after a July 17 1948 assault by Israeli forces of the Givati Brigade during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war. The Jewish localities of Revaha Zavdiel and Aluma are currently located on the former village's lands.
 Sredina is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Al-Sammu'i was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 12 1948 under Operation Hiram. It was located 4 km west of Safad.In 1945 the village had a population of 310. Al-Sammu'i had a mosque and a shrine for a local sage known as al-Shaykh Muhammad al-'Ajami.
 Widów [ˈviduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Belsk Duży 6 km (4 mi) south of Grójec and 45 km (28 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Angurud (Persian: انگورود‎ also Romanized as Angūrūd; also known as Angūrd) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 763 in 141 families.
 Smolice [smɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Grabów 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dębsk [dɛmpsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Żuromin and 113 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Potrzanowo [pɔtʂaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Skoki 16 km (10 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wola Krobowska [ˈvɔla krɔˈbɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Landupita is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Esmail Aqai (Persian: اسماعيل اقايي‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īl Āqā‘ī; also known as Esmā‘īl Āqā) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Yeli Daraq-e Olya (Persian: يلي درق عليا‎ also Romanized as Yelī Daraq-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 46 families.
 Meleh Kabud (Persian: مله كبود‎ also Romanized as Meleh Kabūd; also known as Mollā Kabū and Mollā Kabūd) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 14 families.
 Tin (Persian: طين‎ also Romanized as Ţīn and Tīn) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 8 families.
 Mathurahardwar is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9064 and had 1405 houses in the town.
 Javadieh (Persian: جواديه‎ also Romanized as Javādīeh) is a village in Derak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6314 in 1546 families.
 Azad Gaz (Persian: ازادگز‎ also Romanized as Āzād Gaz; also known as Aza Gaz and Ez̧āgaz) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 16 families.
 Chapakot is a village and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2966 persons residing in 574 individual households.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Otmuchów 9 km (6 mi) west of Nysa and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 160.
 Dalan (Persian: دالان‎ also Romanized as Dālān; also known as Dālūn) is a village in Saroleh Rural District Meydavud District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 717 in 148 families.
 Komorze [kɔˈmɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Osiek 28 km (17 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Borowa 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Mielec and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 510.
 Wola Pawłowska [ˈvɔla paˈvwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Solec nad Wisłą 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Lipsko and 139 km (86 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Hasanabad-e Kavar (Persian: حسن ابادكوار‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kavār) is a village in Garizat Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kiełpin [ˈkʲɛu̯pin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Człuchów and 109 km (68 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 175.
 Stanci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 417 people.
 Wierzbowo-Wieś [vjɛʐˈbɔvɔ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kohal (Persian: كهل‎) is a village in Seylatan Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 14 families.
 Tabarkan (Persian: تبركن‎) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bociniec [bɔˈt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pobiedziska and 29 km (18 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Jankówka [janˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wieliczka and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 Bisotun-e Bon Rud (Persian: بيستون بنرود‎ also Romanized as Bīsotūn-e Bon Rūd; also known as Bīsotūn) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Ściechówek [ɕt͡ɕɛˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiszyn within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lubiszyn and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chah-e Darvish (Persian: چاه درويش‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Darvīsh; also known as Mazra‘eh Chāh Darvīsh) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 27 families.
 Ryczków [ˈrɨt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Khatiban (Persian: خطيبان‎ also Romanized as Khaţībān) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 316 in 86 families.
 Qarah Bolagh (Persian: قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bolāgh) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 592 in 138 families.
 Varjavi (Persian: ورجوي‎ also Romanized as Varjavī and Varjovī) is a village in Qareh Naz Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3168 in 853 families.
 Hoşdülbent Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Ataköy is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 250 in 46 families.
 Łatno [ˈwatnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brojce within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brojce 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Gryfice and 82 km (51 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 45.
 Sędzinko [sɛnˈd͡ʑinkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Karinkuzhi (Kari = Char  Kuzhi = Pit The name is originated from a story about Daksha 'The Emperor' and Lord Shiva. ) is a village located on the southern side of Karinkuzhi river on the Vellur-Padiyottuchal-Pulingome road in Kannur District Kerala in India.Karinkuzhi is bordered by Kankol (north) Alakkad (east) Echilamvayal (south) and Vellur-theru on west. Karinkuzhi is about 4 km north of Payyanur Municipal center.
 Mannangadu also called Mannankadu is one of the 36 villages falls under the Musugundan Nadu in Tamilnadu State Thanjavur District India. Mannangadu is a village in Pattukkottai taluk. It is situated in between Athirampattinam and Madukkur road.It is surrounded by Kasangadu to the north Vattakudi to the northeast Athivetti/Pichinikadu to the east Thamanrankottai to the southeastThuvarankurichii to the south and Kallikadu to the West.
 Kamar Khani (Persian: كمرخاني‎ also Romanized as Kamar Khānī; also known as Kalūgān) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District Rudbar-e Qasran District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 13 families.
 Divrash (Persian: ديورش‎ also Romanized as Dīvrash) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 69 families.
 Shehi is a panchayat village in Maharashta India. Administratively it is under Navapur Taluka of Nandurbar District in Maharashtra.There are three villages in the Shehi gram panchayat: Shehi Kasare and Marod.
 Dayu is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Bakałarzewo [bakawaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bakałarzewo. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) west of Suwałki and 114 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 820.
 Krzekoty [kʂɛˈkɔtɨ] (German: Groß Hasselberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Braniewo and 67 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Wielącza Poduchowna [vjɛˈlɔnt͡ʂa pɔduˈxɔvna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Marcisze [marˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Siah Khan (Persian: سياه خان‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Khān; also known as Jānābād-e ‘Alīja‘far and Sīāh Khān-e Pīrī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 12 families.
 Gomulin-Kolonia [ɡɔˈmulin kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Laungtauk is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Gord Rudbar (Persian: گردرودبار‎ also Romanized as Gord Rūdbār and Gerd Rūdbār; also known as Kord Rūdbār) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 959 in 265 families.
 Bílichov is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Basatpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4093 people living in 922 individual households.Here is the most of population of Brahmins after Matsari. They were well educated. Most of the people of Basatpur are the workers of government of Nepal. They have covered each and every office of Nepal.
 Napana Disaneggammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ajiwal (Punjabi: ਅਜੀਤਵਾਲ਼ is a village situated on the National Highway no. 95 (Ferozepur - Ludhiana road) in the tehsil and district of Moga in Eastern Punjab (India). It is 16 km away from Moga and 14 km away from Jagraon. As of 6 January 2012 Mrs. Jaswinder Kaur is the present Sarpanch of the village.
 Czaplice-Piłaty [t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ piˈwatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 39 families.
 Simak (Persian: سيمك‎ also Romanized as Sīmak) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 8 families.
 Hesamabad (Persian: حسام اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩesāmābād; also known as Hasanābād) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 96 families.
 Kumelsk [ˈkumɛlsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kolno and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 226.
 Kryry [ˈkrɨrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suszec within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Suszec 11 km (7 mi) west of Pszczyna and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1355.
 Kelagar Mahalleh (Persian: كلاگرمحله‎ also Romanized as Kelāgar Maḩalleh) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2183 in 589 families.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Minabad (Persian: مين اباد‎ also Romanized as Mīnābād) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 56 families.
 Pandipalamavikadu is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Kasparus [kasˈparus] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Osiek 28 km (17 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Taytaba (Arabic: طيطبا‎ also spelled Teitaba) was a Palestinian-Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict located 5 kilometers north of Safad. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine in May 1948 under Operation Hiram. In 1945 it had a population of 530 and a total area of 8453 dunams 99.8% of which was Arab-owned.It was situated in a rocky area located along the crest of a basaltic hill that overlooks Wadi Taytaba a tributary of Wadi Waqqas to the southeast.
 Górniak [ˈɡurɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Lubraniec 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 58 km (36 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 100.
 Hezargaz (Persian: هزارگز‎ also Romanized as Hezārgaz) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District Toghrol Al Jerd District Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Voynishka is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Dashtak Dishmuk (Persian: دشتك ديشموك‎ also Romanized as Dashtak Dīshmūk; also known as Dashtak) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 378 in 61 families.
 Hassi Lahdjar (also written Hassi El Hadjar) is a village in the commune of In Salah in In Salah District Tamanrasset Province Algeria. It is located 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) northeast of the town of In Salah.
 Mirocice [mirɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Słupia within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Nowa Słupia and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 570.
 Bu ol Kheyr (Persian: بوالخير‎ also Romanized as Bū ol Kheyr and Bū al Kheyr; also known as Bolkheir Bolkheyr Bol Kheyr Bowlkhayr Bū al Kheyz and Bū‘l Khair) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District Delvar District Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1940 in 466 families.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 29 families.
 Refen (Persian: رفن‎) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 863 in 198 families.
 Baziani (Persian: بازياني‎ also Romanized as Bāzīānī) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 19 families.
 Zendaneh (Persian: زندانه‎ also Romanized as Zendāneh) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Sufczyn [ˈsuft͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbiel within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kołbiel 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Otwock and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 340.
 Pniewy [ˈpɲevɨ] is a village in Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Pniewy. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Grójec and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Rajski Do (Cyrillic: Рајски До) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tržac is a village in the municipality of Cazin Una-Sana Canton Bosanska Krajina region western Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dochowa [dɔˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north of Wąsosz 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Góra and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dobropole [dɔbrɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Trzcińsko-Zdrój 38 km (24 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 134.
 Brzyczno [ˈbʐɨt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pełczyce 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Choszczno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Heesselt is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Neerijnen and lies about 10 km southwest of Tiel.The village Heesselt has a population of around 200.The statistical area Heesselt which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 440.
 Naduvattom is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.Sukapuram L.P School is a famous school in the entire locality. CAVENDERS Arts & Sports Club is a famous club in Naduvattom.
 Mazonovo (variant: Mazo Novo; translation: new mallet) is a former town and now a museum in the municipality of Taramundi Asturias Spain. It is located between the Cabreira River and the Turía River southeast of the town of Taramundi northwest of Veigas and 183 km (114 mi) from Oviedo the capital of Asturias. According to the census of 2005 the population is four people.The meaning behind the translated name is derived from the iron products region of the Oscos-Eo rivers.
 Zedizeik is a village on the Uyu River in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Ab Nai (Persian: ابناي‎ also Romanized as Āb Nā’ī) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Zubowszczyzna [zubɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Laricheh (Persian: لاريچه‎ also Romanized as Lārīcheh; also known as Lārcheh) is a village in Musaabad Rural District in the Central District of Dehaqan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 85 families.
 Darrehchileh (Persian: دره چيله‎ also Romanized as Darrehchīleh) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krosnowo [krɔsˈnɔvɔ] (German: Kroßnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Borzytuchom 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Bytów and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 204.[citation needed]
 Qeshlaq-e Sufilar Hamid (Persian: قشلاق صوفيلارحميد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Şūfīlār Ḩamīd) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Bednarzówka [bɛdnaˈʐufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Dębowa Kłoda 13 km (8 mi) east of Parczew and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Randavan (Persian: رندوان‎ also Romanized as Randavān) is a village in Zefreh Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Ghoslak (Persian: غسلك‎) is a village in Zangvan Rural District Karezan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 8 families.
 Muineh (Persian: موئينه‎ also Romanized as Mū‘īneh) is a village in Horr Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 101 families.
 Urad [ˈurat] (formerly German Aurith) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.
 Rustadbruk is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Paszczyna [paʂˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Dębica and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1500.
 Kautjala is a village in Rae Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 13 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Manakkody is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Maniyur is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Sherkat-e Naft Chenar (Persian: شركت نفت چنار‎ also Romanized as Sherḵat-e Naft Chenār) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 77 families.
 Napłatki [naˈpwatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wielowieś 30 km (19 mi) north of Gliwice and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Toslak is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Rosochate Kościelne [rɔsɔˈxatɛ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Czyżew-Osada 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 350.
 Lajkovac is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jashinvand (Persian: جشينوند‎ also Romanized as Jashīnvand) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 16 families.
 Mińce [ˈmiɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Rybnica Leśna [rɨbˈnit͡sa ˈlɛɕna] (German: Reimswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Mieroszów 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wałbrzych and 72 kilometres (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 210.
 Goleh-ye Khur-e Mushemi (Persian: گله خورموشمي‎ also Romanized as Goleh-ye Khūr-e Mūshemī) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Kashkevar (Persian: كشكور‎; also known as Koshkbar and Kūshkehbar) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Nowy Kawęczyn [ˈnɔvɨ kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Skierniewice and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.In 2004 the village had a population of 110.
 Chenar Sukhteh (Persian: چنارسوخته‎ also Romanized as Chenār Sūkhteh) is a village in Golbibi Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 19 families.
 Kunki [ˈkunki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nagiun (Persian: نگيون‎ also Romanized as Nagīūn) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Daroli Kalan is a village near Adampur in the Jalandhar district of the state of Punjab in India. It has 1212 hectares of land. The village population was 3532 in 1991 census.
 Deh-e Baba (Persian: ده بابا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bābā and Deh Bābā; also known as Deh-e Bābū) is a village in Javar Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Devagoudanahatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kalateh-ye Sahebdad (Persian: كلاته صاحبداد‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Şāḩebdād; also known as Şāḩebdād) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 501 in 91 families.
 Jõeküla is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Longkhum is a village located 17 km south-west of Mokokchung in Nagaland North-East India. It is situated at an altitude of 1846 m above sea level. A vanguard village in the days of head hunting it commands a view of the surrounding hills and valleys. Mongzu Ki - eagle's eyrie - is situated at a high precipice where eagles have nested for centuries. According to Ao mythology eagles are the manifestations of the spirits of the dead.
 Quyujiq (Persian: قويوجيق‎ also Romanized as Qūyūjīq; also known as Qūyjūq and Qūyūjūq) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Bmahray (also spelled Bmohray) is a village in the Aley District in Lebanon. It lies 41 km south-East of Beirut at an altitude of 1215m above sea level.
 Dartum (Persian: درتوم‎ also Romanized as Dartūm and Dartowm) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1157 in 292 families.
 Nowjeh Deh (Persian: نوجه ده‎; also known as Novādi Novady Nowqadī and Nūrī) is a village in Guney-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 187 families.
 Chah-e Hasan Kahuri (Persian: چاه حسن كهوري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩasan Kahūrī) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 33 families.
 Uduwawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mazraeh-ye Hoseynabad-e Olya (Persian: مزرعه حسين ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩoseynābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Grabowo [ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biały Bór 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Szczecinek and 164 km (102 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 310.
 Guthi Parsauni is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5338 people living in 855 individual households.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Jutrosin 24 km (15 mi) east of Rawicz and 91 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Troszkowo [trɔʂˈkɔvɔ] (German: Klackendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 22 km (14 mi) south of Bartoszyce and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Roudkunda (Kannada: ರೌಡಕುಂದ) is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in the southern state of Karnataka India.Roudkunda is famous for Ranganatha swamy temple. Roudkunda is surrounded by hills and there is a ancient fort on the hill top belonging to 16th century. There are various relics found in the hills that have historical importance.Roudkunda is 18 km south to the taluka headquarters Sindhanur and 5 km from Karnataka State Highway 23.
 Dula Gavabar (Persian: دولاگوابر‎ also Romanized as Dūlā Gavābar; also known as Dolā Gavābar and Dūlā Gāvbar) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 24 families.
 Żabieniec [ʐaˈbjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bądkowo 18 km (11 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 38 km (24 mi) south of Toruń.
 Kõõru is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Krzywki-Piaski [ˈkʂɨfki ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szreńsk 18 km (11 mi) west of Mława and 112 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Botngård is a village which is also the administrative centre of the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located at the end of the Bjugnfjorden. It is 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of Høybakken 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) east of Nes and 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) south of Oksvoll.The 1.1-square-kilometre (270-acre) village has a population (2009) of 1117. There is a videregående school in Botngård.
 Pyszczyn [ˈpɨʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Żarów 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Świdnica and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Osęka [ɔˈsɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Domanie [dɔˈmaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Jodłów [ˈjɔdwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Otmuchów 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Nysa and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 214.
 Aşıkoğlu is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Arjunwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Żabno-Kolonia [ˈʐabnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Turobin 33 km (21 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 114.
 Bratków [ˈbratkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Sławno 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Opoczno and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Bālā Ḩoseynābād-e ‘Olyā and Husainābād) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 537 in 139 families.
 Ezhikkara is a panchayat in Paravur Taluk of Ernakulam District Kerala. The North Paravur - Chathanad road (9 km) passes through this village. Ezhikkara is situated close to Ernakulam. Ezhikkara is famous for its pokkali (a type of rice) fields and prawn farms.
 Ostrołęka [ɔstrɔˈwɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Głowno 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Arungal is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Deh Chenar-e Sofla (Persian: ده چنارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh Chenār-e Soflá; also known as Deh Chenār Deh Chenār-e Pā’īn Shahrū’ī-ye Pā’īn and Shahrūyeh) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 732 in 138 families.
 Ballatgi also spelled as Ballatagi (Kannada: ಬಲ್ಲಟಗಿ ) is a village in the Manvi taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.Ballatgi is located southwest District Headquarters Raichur town.
 Marianów [maˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Błaszki 24 km (15 mi) west of Sieradz and 77 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Zardkhani (Persian: زردخاني‎ also Romanized as Zardkhānī) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 33 families.
 Dziankówek [d͡ʑanˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 170.
 Husztót is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Jeleniowo [jɛlɛˈɲɔvɔ] (German: Jellinowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Kalma is a village in Orissaare Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Barcice Rososkie [barˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ rɔˈsɔskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kębłów [ˈkɛmbwuf] (German: Kammelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Khvorshidan (Persian: خورشيدان‎ also Romanized as Khvorshīdān Khowrshīdān and Khurshīdān) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 13 families.
 Karacaören is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Jhurkiya is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8452 people living in 1974 individual households.
 Gostomia [ɡɔsˈtɔmʲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biała Prudnicka 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). The German name is Simsdorf.The village has a population of 392.
 Suring is a village in Oconto County Wisconsin United States along the 45th parallel. The population was 544 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Maidla is a village in Juuru Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Moqanak (Persian: مقانك‎ also Romanized as Moqānak Moghānak Mīqānak Mowkanak Mukanak and Muqanak) is a village in Chuqur Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 20 families.
 Wetagepota is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kiełmina [kʲɛu̯ˈmina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Stryków 7 km (4 mi) east of Zgierz and 9 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Goszowice [ɡɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Pakosławice 9 km (6 mi) north of Nysa and 45 km (28 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Pitka (Persian: پيتكا‎ also Romanized as Pītkā; also known as Petkā) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 66 families.
 Qeru Chay (Persian: قرو چاي‎ also Romanized as Qerū Chāy; also known as Karreh Chīyeh Kurreh Chīa Qūrī Chā’ī Qūrīchā’ī and Qūrī Chāy) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2987 in 713 families.
 Horky nad Jizerou (German: Horka an der Iser) is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Miechów-Kolonia [ˈmjɛxuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Młoty [ˈmwɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Kłodzko and 99 km (62 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Alto de las Juntas is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Branice 20 km (12 mi) south of Głubczyce and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 650.
 Phú Hưng is a commune (xã) and village of the Phú Tân District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Chaubari is a village in Amalner Tehsil Jalgaon district. Chaubari is 12KM from Amalner on Amalner-Shindkheda Road.
 Nowy Świat [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɕfjat] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Wieluń and 90 km (56 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Porvenir or Pueblo Porvenir is a village in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay.
 Biała [ˈbjawa] (German: Bielau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Chojnów 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Legnica and 80 kilometres (50 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 650.
 Tarva Koonga Parish is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Meleh-ye Posht-e Sar Takht (Persian: مله پشت سرتخت‎ also known as Posht Melleh-ye Sar Takht) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Kubrzany [kuˈbʐanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Jedwabne 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Łomża and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Szczepankowo [ʂt͡ʂɛpanˈkɔvɔ] (German: Szczepanken; 1938-45: Stauchwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Dźwierzuty 19 km (12 mi) north of Szczytno and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Saarepõllu is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Masendar (Persian: ماسندر‎ also Romanized as Māsendar) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District in the Central District of Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Chaykand and Ḩasanābād-e Chāy Kand) is a village in Anguran Rural District Anguran District Mahneshan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 79 families.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād and Mahmood Abad) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 107 families.
 Wymysłowo [vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Szubin 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 22 km (14 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 71.
 Panoli is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Kupon-e Olya (Persian: كوپن عليا‎ also Romanized as Kūpon-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kūpān Kūpān-e ‘Olyā and Kūpon-e Bālā) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2357 in 446 families.
 Eshkaft Siah (Persian: اشكفت سياه‎ also Romanized as Eshkaft Sīāh; also known as Eshgaft-e Sīāh) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 11 families.
 Jilqava (Persian: جيل قوا‎ also Romanized as Jīlqavā; also known as Jīl Qavāl) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Blato na Cetini is a village in Croatia.
 Korkai is a small village in the Srivaikuntam taluk of Thoothukudi district in Tamil Nadu India. It was called Pandya-Kavada in the Ramayana and the Mahabharata and Kapatapuram in Kalithogai. It is situated about 3 km north of the Thamirabarani River and about 6 km from the shore of Bay of Bengal. Korkai was the capital principal center of trade and important port of the Early Pandyan Kingdom.
 Vitovnica is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality in Serbia.
 Byszew [ˈbɨʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 240.
 Frączki [ˈfrɔnt͡ʂki] (formerly German Fleming) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Dywity and 18 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Zir Rah (Persian: زيرراه‎ also Romanized as Zīr Rāh) is a village in Abolfares Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 29 families.
 Gródek Szlachecki [ˈɡrudɛk ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Siemień 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Parczew and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bieganów [bjɛˈɡanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.
 Tazeh Kand-e Afshar (Persian: تازه كندافشار‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Afshār; also known as Tāzehkand-e Gardābād) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 88 families.
 Deh-e Sardi (Persian: ده ساردي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sārdī; also known as Darsārdi and Dasārdi) is a village in Khenaman Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 9 families.
 Strykowice Górne [strɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zwoleń and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Powały [pɔˈvawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wola Mysłowska 28 km (17 mi) west of Łuków and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kokot [ˈkɔkɔt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Kije 9 km (6 mi) north of Pińczów and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Zuzanów [zuˈzanuf] is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory Poland. The population is near 80. From 1975 to 1998 village was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Sobienie-Jeziory 22 km (14 mi) south of Otwock and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Jarwa is a village in the Uttar Pradesh province of northern India 5 kilometres south of the border with Nepal at Koilabas. Nepalese and Indian nationals may cross the border unrestricted however there is a customs checkpoint for goods. Tulsipur is the nearest town inside India.
 Bílé Poličany is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Barszczowa Góra [barʂˈt͡ʂɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Nowinka 13 km (8 mi) north of Augustów and 96 km (60 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 70.
 Pez-e Olya (Persian: پزعليا‎ also Romanized as Pez-e ʿOlyā) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 33 families.
 Herobhanga is in the South 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal India. It comes under the administration of the Gopalpur gram panchayat in the Canning-I block. The village is under the jurisdiction of the Canning police station.Herobhanga is located 13 kilometres east of the Canning Town and 4 kilometres west of Golabari. It contains one of the largest markets in Canning. The literacy rates are low.The village was affected by the 2013 communal violence.
 Em Agaleh Seyyed Sabus (Persian: ام عگله سيدسبوس‎ also Romanized as Em ʿAgaleh Seyyed Sabūs) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 18 families.
 Gałęzinowo [ɡawɛ̃ʑiˈnɔvɔ] (German Überlauf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 113 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area of Farther Pomerania where the village ist located was part of Germany. It was a fairly young village founded during the first quarter of the 19th century.
 Topçu is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated at 37°03′N 35°02′E to the north of Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) and to the northeast of Tarsus. Its distance to Tarsus is 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 53 kilometres (33 mi). The population of Topçu was 138 as of 2011.
 Karakunnu is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Mariampol [maˈrjampɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Muttalageri (Kannada ಮುತ್ತಲಗೇರಿ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Harandeh (Persian: هرانده‎ also Romanized as Harāndeh; also known as Haram Deh) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 120 families.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Biała Piska 16 km (10 mi) east of Pisz and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Glinik [ˈɡlinik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielopole Skrzyńskie within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wielopole Skrzyńskie 15 km (9 mi) south of Ropczyce and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Libanon Hill is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Yerrathivaripalli (Telugu: యర్రాతివారిపల్లి) is a village which comes under Madanapalli Taluk. Its ia 9.2 km from Madanapalli and it is in Nimmanapalli mandal located in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh state India - population 400 (2013 census).
 Wysokienice [vɨsɔkʲɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Głuchów 17 km (11 mi) south of Skierniewice and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 830.
 Shushabad (Persian: شوش اباد‎ also Romanized as Shūshābād and Sūshābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District Jalilabad District Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1037 in 223 families.
 Kani Seyf (Persian: كاني سيف‎ also Romanized as Kānī Seyf) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 11 families.
 Skarbiszów [skarˈbiʂuf] (German: Karbischau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dąbrowa and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 859.
 Godziszowa [ɡɔd͡ʑiˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Mściwojów 6 km (4 mi) north of Jawor and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Rochester is a village in Lorain County Ohio United States along the West Branch of the Black River. The population was 182 at the 2010 census.
 Molenaarsgraaf is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Molenwaard and lies about 11 km west of Gorinchem.In 2001 the village of Molenaarsgraaf had 414 inhabitants.
 Chah-e Shomareh-ye 39 Manidar (Persian: چاه شماره 39 منيدر‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh-ye 39 Manīdar; also known as Moḩammadīyeh) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 68 families.
 Aruq (Persian: اروق‎ also Romanized as Ārūq) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3566 in 902 families.
 Zula (Persian: زولا‎ also Romanized as Zūlā; also known as Zolā) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 42 families.
 Change is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4487 people living in 807 individual households.
 Ab Chur (Persian: ابچور‎ also Romanized as Āb Chūr and Ābchowr; also known as Āpkhvor) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 106 families.
 Ostaszewo [ɔstaˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Schöneberg) is a village in Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ostaszewo. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Štíhlice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 5.19 km² and as of 2009 it had a population of 134.
 Boneh-ye Akhund (Persian: بنه اخوند‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Ākhūnd; also known as Akhoond and Ākhūnd) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 676 in 159 families.
 Górna Wola [ˈɡurna ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Szadek 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Zduńska Wola and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Meydanak-e Qaleh-ye Dezh (Persian: ميدانك قلعه دژ‎ also Romanized as Meydānak-e Qal‘eh-ye Dezh; also known as Meydanak) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Zeydun District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bozcayurt Güzelyurt is a village in the District of Güzelyurt Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Kaczory [kaˈt͡ʂɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wiśniew 13 km (8 mi) south of Siedlce and 90 km (56 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 148.
 Draževići (Serbian: Дражевићи) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sag Kash Durak (Persian: سگ كش دورك‎ also Romanized as Sag Kash Dūraḵ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 Abkuh (Persian: ابكوه‎ also Romanized as Ābkūh) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 37 families.
 La Viña (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Rykene is a village in the municipality of Arendal (with a small portion overlapping into the neighboring municipality of Grimstad) in Aust-Agder Norway. Its total population (2009) is 652 with 14 of those people living in Grimstad. Rykene is located along the Nidelva river about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the city of Grimstad and the same distance south of the city of Arendal.The local sports team is Rygene IL.
 Kalikahalde is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3206 people living in 602 individual households.
 Gowlag (Persian: گولگ‎ also Romanized as Gūlag Gauwalg Goolag Goualg and Gūlak) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 18 families.
 Piłaki Małe [piˈwaki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Budry 14 km (9 mi) east of Węgorzewo and 107 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kwiatkowo [kfjatˈkɔvɔ] (German: Blumstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lelkowo 30 km (19 mi) east of Braniewo and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Büyüksofulu is a village in Aladağ district of Adana Province Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains to the west of Aladağ and to the north of Adana. Distance to Aladağ is 28 kilometres (17 mi) and to Adana is 110 kilometres (68 mi). In addition to agriculture forestry and chrome mining are among the village revenues. The population of the village is 1706 as of 2011.
 Rostki [ˈrɔstki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Nathuakhan is a village in the Ramgarh block of the Nainital district in the state of Uttarakhand. It is situated at a height of 1940 meters in the heart of Kumaon Mountains of the central Himalayas close to the towns of Mukteshwar and Nainital. Also close by are places like Hartola and Ramgarh all accessible from Nainital and Bhimtal.
 Nematabad (Persian: نعمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ne‘matābād; also known as Boneh-ye ’ājjī-ye Moḩammad Taqī Boneh-ye Hājjī and Bunneh-i-Hājji) is a village in Khesht Rural District Khesht District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 20 families.
 Lakhanpur is a tehsil in Jharsuguda district Odisha India.
 Borovo is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 174 people.
 Donja Peščanica (Serbian: Доња Пешчаница) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 122 people.
 Jinočany is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Psienie-Ostrów [ˈpɕeɲe ˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Pleszew and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 110.
 Robat-e Mian Dasht (Persian: رباطميان دشت‎ also Romanized as Robāţ-e Mīān Dasht and Robāţ-e Meyāndasht; also known as Mīān Dasht) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 161 families.
 Ustjanowa Dolna [ustjaˈnɔva ˈdɔlna] (Ukrainian: Устянова Долішня Ustianova Dolishnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Ustrzyki Dolne and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 280.
 Türktaş Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bara is a Village in Dildarnagar kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
 Shahrak-e Sarabeleh (Persian: شهرك سرابله‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sarābeleh) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1120 in 274 families.
 Qasemabad-e Tehranchi (Persian: قاسم ابادتهرانچي‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Tehrānchī; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Qaleh Now Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2281 in 531 families.
 Deh Abbas (Persian: ده عباس‎ also Romanized as Deh ‘Abbās and Deh-e ‘Abbās; also known as Den ‘Abbās) is a village in Deh Abbas Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 917 in 238 families.
 Rafsbotn (Kven: Rässivuono) is a village in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village sits at the southeast end of the Altafjorden along the European route E06 highway about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northeast of the town of Alta. The name comes from the Sami place name Ráššvuotna which means a clay seabed.
 Tohvri is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Gornja Kočela (Cyrillic: Горња Кочела) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Trębki Stare [ˈtrɛmpki ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Zakroczym 11 km (7 mi) west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Chahar Bagh (Persian: چهارباغ‎ also Romanized as Chahār Bāgh; also known as Chahanāgh) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 56 families.
 Szczerbice [ʂt͡ʂɛrˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaszowice within Rybnik County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) east of Gaszowice 9 km (6 mi) west of Rybnik and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1980.
 Sisara (Persian: سي سرا‎ also Romanized as Sīsarā) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District Kelarabad District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 778 in 222 families.
 Dard-e Richeh (Persian: دردريچه‎ also Romanized as Dard-e Rīcheh; also known as Dardarbcheh) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 12 families.
 Kasalia is a village in Gopalganj District Bangladesh part of Muksudpur Upazila. The village covers an area of 4 km2 and is bordered by the villages of Nanikhir Gunohar Nawkhanda and Mosna Goinary. Pathorghata's main canal is the Hatashe Channel and flow up to Kasalia . The Bil Rout Canal at Jalirpar joins with the Hatashe Canal to the river PadmaKasalia also is a Union Parishad under was established in 1634 consist of eight number of villages.
 Trzaski [ˈtʂaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Jortveit is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Sar Molki-ye Qanat-e Now (Persian: سرملكي قنات نو‎ also Romanized as Sar Molkī-ye Qanāt-e Now; also known as Qanāt-e Now Qanāt-e Now-e Sar Molkī and Sar Molkī) is a village in Khorrami Rural District in the Central District of Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 15 families.
 Nameq (Persian: نامق‎ also Romanized as Nāmeq; also known as Nāmah-i-Haq Nāmah-i-Haqq Namagh and Nemāḩaq) is a village in Barkuh Rural District Kuhsorkh District Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1134 in 403 families.Sheikh Ahmad-e Jami was born there in 1048.
 Ali Nazar (Persian: علي نظر‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Naz̧ar; also known as ‘Alī Naz̧ar ow ‘Emarāt ‘Alī Naz̧ar va Emārat and Alnazar) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 466 in 122 families.
 Kakajin Darreh (Persian: ككجين دره‎ also Romanized as Kakajīn Darreh) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 14 families.
 Kahnuj Sadat (Persian: كهنوج سادات‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj Sādāt; also known as Kahnūj) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 89 families.
 Mršinci is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1359 people.
 Bard Tork (Persian: بردترك‎) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 35 families.
 Naduvile is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Nazarabad (Persian: نظراباد‎ also Romanized as Naẓarābād) is a village in Takab Rural District in the Central District of Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Mowtowr-e Hay-e Behzadi Gavdari Heydarabad (Persian: موتورهاي بهزادي گودري حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hāy-e Behzādī Gavdarī Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 12 families.
 Popowo [pɔˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Tłuchowo 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Lipno and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Toruń.Lech Wałęsa former president of Poland was born here.
 Kruszwin [ˈkruʂfin] (German: Simonsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Myślibórz and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mam Zineh (Persian: مامزينه‎ also Romanized as Mām Zīneh; also known as Mameh Zīneh) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 31 families.
 Wyszembork [vɨˈʂɛmbɔrk] (German Weißenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Mrągowo and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hajji Bayram (Persian: حاجي بايرام‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bāyrām) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 42 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Malek (Persian: مزرعه ملك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Malek and Mazra‘eh Malek) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 7 families.
 Pachok is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2690 people living in 509 individual households.
 Glavičorak (Cyrillic: Главичорак) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Srocza Góra [ˈsrɔt͡ʂa ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Toszek 16 km (10 mi) north of Gliwice and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Firuziyeh (Persian: فيروزيه‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzīyeh; also known as Kalāteh-ye Fīrūzīyeh) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 34 families.
 Pedići (Cyrillic: Педићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Daniszów [daˈniʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ujezna [uˈjɛzna] (Ukrainian: Уєзна Uyezna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Przeworsk and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Crcavac is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 141 people.
 Bożydar [bɔˈʐɨdar] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dwikozy 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Sandomierz and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Campo Durán is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Kanteikulia is a small village and panchayat in Angul district Orissa India. The Khandanal River flows near the village. It is reached via National Highway 42 northeast of Handapa and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of Boinda near the edges of the Bamur Forest Range. The panchayat covers an area of 591 acres. Kanteikulia contains a notable Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva.
 Ratkuria is a village in Bhopalgarh tehsil Jodhpur district Rajasthan India located at 26°32′54″N 73°33′46″E. Its PIN code is 342646. It is the location of a Government Senior Secondary School.
 Chwalborzyce [xfalbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Świnice Warckie 26 km (16 mi) west of Łęczyca and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Shahababad (Persian: شهاب اباد‎ also Romanized as Shahābābād; also known as Shāhābād and Shahbābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 80 families.
 Sarbiewo [sarˈbjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyn within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Zwierzyn 5 km (3 mi) south of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sargar-e Sasargun (Persian: سرگرساسرگون‎ also Romanized as Sargar-e Sāsargūn; also known as Sargar) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Chytrówka [xɨˈtrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frysztak within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Frysztak 15 km (9 mi) west of Strzyżów and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Stare Zadybie [ˈstarɛ zaˈdɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Ryki and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Taqi Kandi (Persian: تقي كندي‎ also Romanized as Ţāqī Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 12 families.
 Mąkoszyn [mɔŋˈkɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Tuszyn and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Biskupice [biskuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Legnickie Pole 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Legnica and 58 kilometres (36 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Karayakup is a village in Mersin Province Turkey.
 Korczew [ˈkɔrt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bełchatów and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Boneh-ye Sib (Persian: بنه سيب‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Sīb and Boneh Sīb) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 6 families.
 Moszczenica-Wola [mɔʂt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa ˈvɔla] is a bar in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mirocin Średni [miˈrɔt͡ɕin ˈɕrɛdni] (formerly German Mittel Herzogswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kożuchów 14 km (9 mi) west of Nowa Sól and 20 km (12 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 257.
 Dilbilmaz (Persian: ديل بيلمز‎ also Romanized as Dīlbīlmaz; also known as Dīl Bīlīmaz) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 11 families.
 Orchówek [ɔrˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Włodawa and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1035.
 Kołaki Kościelne [kɔˈwaki kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kołaki Kościelne. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Demirci is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 66 people.
 Dobb-e Said (Persian: دب سعيد‎ also Romanized as Dobb-e Sa‘īd; also known as Dūb-e Sa‘īd) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 22 families.
 Keelappoongudi is a panchayat Village in Sivaganga district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. This village is under the control of Sivaganga block. Sivaganga taluk
 Baqeleh (Persian: باقله‎ also Romanized as Bāqeleh; also known as Bāgeleh and Baghla) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 34 families.
 Kalakhamb is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Myszkowo [mɨʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Szamotuły and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mian Tangan (Persian: ميان تنگان‎ also Romanized as Mīān Tangān and Mīyān Tangān) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 6 families.
 Wiązownica [vʲɔ̃zɔvˈɲit͡sa] (Ukrainian: В'язівниця Vyazivnytsia) is a village in Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiązownica.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Jarosław and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1700.
 Tutak Sefid (Persian: توتك سفيد‎ also Romanized as Tūtak Sefīd; also known as Tūt Sefīd) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District in the Central District of Mahallat County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq and Qīshlāq) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 144 families.
 Ojaq Kandi (Persian: اجاق كندي‎ also Romanized as Ojāq Kandī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 22 families.
 Chah-e Takiyu (Persian: چاه تكيو‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Takīyū) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Drzenkowice [dʐɛnkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Ćmielów 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 70 bums.
 Abudi (Persian: عبودي‎ also Romanized as ʿAbūdī) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Teleśnica Oszwarowa [tɛlɛɕˈɲit͡sa ɔʂfaˈrɔva] (Ukrainian: Телешниця Ошварова Teleshnytsia Oshvarova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and 83 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gredina (Cyrillic: Гредина) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karapınar is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Yaghvasi (Persian: يغواسي‎ also Romanized as Yaghvāsī) is a village in Bilavar Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 316 in 81 families.
 Chel Malgeh (Persian: چل مالگه‎ also Romanized as Chel Mālgeh) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Velika Sejanica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 796 people.
 Akleh (Persian: اكله‎; also known as Aquel and Hareyān Akleh) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 99 families.
 Naimabad (Persian: نعيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Na‘īmābād; also known as Qal‘eh Now-e Na‘īmābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 385 in 100 families.
 Zeynab-e Koshteh (Persian: زينب كشته‎) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 14 families.
 Mahmanshahr-e Torbat-e Jam (Persian: مهمانشهرتربت جام‎ also Romanized as Mahmānshahr-e Torbat-e Jām) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3186 in 641 families.
 Zajezierce [zajɛˈʑɛrt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Zabłudów and 14 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Warele-Filipowicze [vaˈrɛlɛ filipɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Andazaq (Persian: اندزق‎) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 642 in 131 families.
 Päraküla is a village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 11 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Aghcheh Mashhad-e Char Dowli (Persian: اغچه مشهدچاردولي‎ also Romanized as Āghcheh Mashhad-e Chār Dowlī; also known as Āghcheh Mashhad and Āghcheh Mashhad-e Chahār Dowlī) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 20 families.
 Puch Geli (Persian: پوچ گلي‎ also Romanized as Pūch Gelī; also known as Pūch Gelī-ye Sangān) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kosmaty Borek [kɔsˈmatɨ ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Czarna Białostocka and 23 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Espi Kola (Persian: اسپي كلا‎ also Romanized as Espī Kolā) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 670 in 170 families.
 Kalateh-ye Allah Resan (Persian: كلاته اله رسان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Allāh Resān; also known as Kalāteh-ye Sarfarāz Khān) is a village in Jamrud Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 19 families.
 Muratça is a village in the District of İnhisar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 14 people.
 Sokoligóra [sɔkɔliˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kunovo (Cyrillic: Куново) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Aladakatti (K.M.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Yelli Badraq (Persian: يلي بدراق‎ also Romanized as Yellī Badraq) is a village in Tamran Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1442 in 270 families.
 Oszczepalin Drugi [ɔʂt͡ʂɛˈpalin ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wojcieszków 19 km (12 mi) south of Łuków and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 420.
 Toshima (十島村 Toshima-mura) is a village consisting of the islands of the Tokara archipelago located in the Satsunan Islands of Kagoshima District Kagoshima Prefecture Japan. The village office is located in the city of Kagoshima outside the village.As of 2013 the village has an estimated population of 688 and a density of 6.79 persons per km². The total area is 101.35 km².Iōjima Kuroshima and Takeshima and the uninhabited islands of Shōwa Iōjima and Denshima
 Majdany [mai̯ˈdanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 ThakkallaPally is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal.
 Uggahakumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gurugama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Afrineh (Persian: افرينه‎ also Romanized as Afrīneh and Afrīnah; also known as Afrīneh-ye Bālā and Afrīneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2185 in 460 families.
 Wilków Wielki [ˈvilkuf ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemcza within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany and was known as Groß Wilkau.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) north of Niemcza 22 km (14 mi) east of Dzierżoniów and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 500.
 Kaera is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Soğulcak Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Varmiyeh (Persian: ورميه‎ also Romanized as Varmīyeh; also known as Varmīneh and Vīrmeh) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 86 families.
 Gorzuchów [ɡɔˈʐuxuf] (German: Möhlten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kłodzko and 78 kilometres (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Lakhpur is a village near Sahni (Lakhpur-Sahni) Tehsil Phagwara Kapurthala district in Punjab India.
 Rajnota(Hindi: राजनौता) is a village in Kotputli tahsil in Jaipur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan. This is a largest village in Jaipur district.
 Sang Poshteh (Persian: سنگ پشته‎) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 7 families.
 Nowy Zamość [ˈnɔvɨ ˈzamɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Derk Poshtkuh Khan Ahmad (Persian: درك پشتكوه خان احمد‎ also Romanized as Derk Poshtkūh Khān Aḩmad; also known as Derk) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Arablu (Persian: عربلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Arablū) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 7 families.
 Stare Grochale [ˈstarɛ ɡrɔˈxalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vachhavad is a village in Mahuva Taluka in Surat District in Gujarat State in India. Vachhavad is 55 km from the district capital Surat and 317 km from the state capital Gandhinagar.
 Mian Mahalleh-ye Rudbaneh (Persian: ميان محله رودبنه‎ also Romanized as Mīān Maḩalleh-ye Rūdbaneh) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 28 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Zarin (Persian: تلمبه زارعين‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Zārʿīn) is a village in Razmavaran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 15 families.
 Fanud (Persian: فنود‎ also Romanized as Fanūd) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 108 families.
 Ahlatçık is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Sangar-e Chanibeh-ye Do (Persian: سنگرچنيبه دو‎ also Romanized as Sangar-e Chanībeh-ye Do; also known as Sangar Sangar-e Chanībeh and Sangarīyeh-e Kheybeh-e Do) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 41 families.
 Phulaut is one of the village in Chousa block Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar. It is situated and connected by NH 106 . It is located at a distance of 55 km from the district headquarters Madhepura.
 Duninów Duży [duˈninuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowy Duninów 19 km (12 mi) west of Płock and 113 km (70 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Wojcieszyn [vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕeʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Stare Babice 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 17 km (11 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Phong lạc is a commune (xã) and village in Trần Văn Thời District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Wypychy [vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Węgrów and 61 km (38 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Anjir-e Siah (Persian: انجيرسياه‎ also Romanized as Anjīr-e Sīāh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zabrnjica is a village in the municipality of Priboj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 205 people.
 Przykory [pʂɨˈkɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Płock and 66 km (41 mi) northwest of Warsaw.
 Pakuwa is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2343 people living in 481 individual households.
 Derazlu (Persian: درازلو‎ also Romanized as Derāzlū and Darazalū; also known as Dahrehzalū and Derezelu) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 78 families.
 Aq Sahra (Persian: اق صحرا‎ also Romanized as Āq Şaḩrā; also known as Chāh Tolombeh-ye Eftekhārī) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nowa Wieś Ostródzka [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ɔsˈtrut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Olsztynek and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Anbar-e Maran (Persian: انبارماران‎ also Romanized as Anbār-e Mārān; also known as Anbār-e Mīānī and Anbār-e Vasaţ) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 27 families.
 Bytomiec [bɨˈtɔmjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Maszewo 22 km (14 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie 52 km (32 mi) west of Zielona Góra and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Solec [ˈsɔlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krzykosy 14 km (9 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Wielka Wieś [ˈvjɛlka ˈvjɛɕ] (German: Großendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 87 km (54 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 460.
 Bonduel is a village in Shawano County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1478 at the 2010 census.
 Wydzierów [vɨˈd͡ʑeruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ujazd 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Strzelce Opolskie and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Prądy [ˈprɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koszęcin 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Lubliniec and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 167.
 Büğet is a village in the District of Eskil Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Bykowo [bɨˈkɔvɔ] (German Bollendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Korsze 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 229.
 Basl Kuh (Persian: بصل كوه‎ also Romanized as Başl Kūh) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 650 in 186 families.
 Parteen (Irish: An Pairtín) is a small village in south-east County Clare and the diocese of Limerick. The village has a large Roman Catholic church Saint Patrick's three public houses a national school and a few other shops. It is located within sight of the Ardnacrusha hydro-electric power station.
 Khaniverg (Persian: خاني ورگ‎ also Romanized as Khanīverg; also known as Khānīverk) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Skogmo is a village in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northeast of the municipal centre Ranemsletta. Its population in 2003 was 262 but since 2004 it has not been considered an urban settlement by Statistics Norway and its data is therefore not registered. The lake Eidsvatnet lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the village.
 Bjälbo is a small village in Mjölby Municipality Östergötland Sweden. The medieval House of Bjelbo had a church and a manor house at Bjälbo. King Magnus Minnesköld was probably born here and in around 1210 his son Birger Magnusson.Today the church tower is preserved. The church was probably built in the first half of the twelfth century reflecting new techniques brought by Cistercian monks from France in 1143. The surviving tower was probably added around 1220.
 Cheft Sara Kand (Persian: چفت سراكند‎ also Romanized as Cheft Sarā Kand) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 69 families.
 Korucular is a village in the District of Murgul Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 180 people.
 Browina [brɔˈvina] (German: Browienen; 1938-45: Froben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north of Kozłowo 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Nidzica and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 180.
 Gola Dzierżoniowska [ˈɡɔla d͡ʑerʐɔˈɲɔfska] (German: Guhlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemcza within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) north-west of Niemcza 18 km (11 mi) east of Dzierżoniów and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 150.Gola Castle is situated in the village.
 Savadeh (Persian: سواده‎ also Romanized as Savādeh and Sovādeh; also known as Suvādah) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 7 families.
 Bhussinga is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1301 living in 261 individual households.
 Cote Lai is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Nowe Grzegorzewice [ˈnɔvɛ ɡʐɛɡɔʐɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Talkan (Persian: تلكان‎ also Romanized as Talkān) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقراباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād) is a village in Kahduiyeh Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Neerchal is a village in Kasaragod district of Kerala state south India. Neerchal is located 12 kilometers from Kasaragod.The Well known M.S.C.H.S Peradala Neerchal School is situated in this village.Neerchal is including to Badiadka Grama Panchayath.
 Surnets is a village in the municipality of Tervel in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Izvarica is a village in the municipality of Žagubica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 376 people.
 Lenđerovina (Serbian: Ленђеровина) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 New Madison is a village in Darke County Ohio United States. The population was 892 at the 2010 census.
 Żelichów [ʐɛˈlixuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gręboszów within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Parithiyur is a village on the northern banks of Kudamuruti River near Sengalipuram in Thiruvarur District of Tamil Nadu. It was originally called Kodandarama Puram. Buses from Kumbakonam Nannilam Kodavasal pass through Paruthiyur Village.
 Sulki [ˈsulki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wierzbno 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Węgrów and 60 km (37 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Brzeście [ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kluczewsko 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Włoszczowa and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Gumienice [ɡumjɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Pogorzela 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Gostyń and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Orzechówek [ɔʐɛˈxuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Stryków 11 km (7 mi) east of Zgierz and 13 km (8 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 30.
 Studzianka [stuˈd͡ʑanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Jeziorany and 20 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 400.
 Polanka [pɔˈlaŋka] (German: Kunzendorf bei Liegnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Dehaq (Persian: دهق‎; also known as Dehaq-e Fereydan Doha and Dowheh) is a village in Varzaq Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 822 in 201 families.
 Haft Asiab (Persian: هفت اسياب‎ also Romanized as Haft Āsīāb and Haft Āsyāb) is a village in Efzar Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 33 families.
 Kolus Forush (Persian: كلوس فروش‎ also Romanized as Kolūs Forūsh Kaloos Foroosh Kolash Forūsh and Kolosforūsh; also known as Kholūşforūz Kulusferoz and Kulusferush) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Sääsküla is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.Painter and art historian Eduard Ahas (1901–1944) was killed in Kangro farmstead in Sääsküla following the Tartu Offensive. A memorial plaque was opened in 1998.
 Kübassaare is a village in Pöide Parish Saaremaa in Saare County western Estonia.
 Kharanitar is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1524 living in 298 individual households.Kharanitar is a small village with small number of population comparing to other Village Development Committee.There are different group of caste like Shrestha Uprety Kandel Khanal Tiwari Sitaula Nepali Bishokarma Bania Chaulagian Sudedi Silwal etc.
 Plaskorz [ˈplaskɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Dmosin 12 km (7 mi) north of Brzeziny and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Old Paluvayi is a village in Rentachintala mandal Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.Old Paluvayi has a population of three thousand of Reddy Kamma Vysya Yadavs Muslims and SC and ST. The primary occupation is agriculture cultivating rice chilli and cotton. Old Paluvayi is also known for software engineers who work throughout India.
 Kharpa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2096 persons living in 393 individual households.
 Stance is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 113 people.
 Bab Khorsam (Persian: باب خرسم (درخرسه )‎ also Romanized as Bāb Khorsam; also known as Dar Khorseh) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brzezinki [bʐɛˈʑinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gielniów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Gielniów 10 km (6 mi) west of Przysucha and 98 km (61 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Crihana is a commune in Orhei district Moldova. It is composed of three villages: Crihana Cucuruzenii de Sus and Sirota.
 Kępa [ˈkɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Pol-e Abgineh (Persian: پل ابگينه‎ also Romanized as Pol-e Ābgīneh; also known as Deh-i-Pul-i-Ābgīneh Dehpol Ābgīneh and Pol-e Āgīneh) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 83 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Pā’īn and ‘Alīābād Pāīn Tūl) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 638 in 174 families.
 Mowmeniyeh (Persian: مومنيه‎ also Romanized as Mowmenīyeh) is a village in Neysan Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sieniczno [ɕeˈnit͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Olkusz and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Sławutówko [swavuˈtufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Puck and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Lakta Sara (Persian: لاكتاسرا‎ also Romanized as Lāktār Sarā) is a village in Gil Dulab Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 97 families.
 Ouderkerk aan den IJssel is a village in the Krimpenerwaard polder in the province South Holland the Netherlands. It is situated along the river Hollandse IJssel and has over 4000 inhabitants.Ouderkerk aan den IJssel together with Lageweg and IJssellaan was a separate municipality until 1 January 1985 when the municipalities in the Krimpenerwaard were reorganized and it was merged with Gouderak to form the municipality Ouderkerk.
 Gökçeler is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 120 people.
 Çayköy is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 154 people.
 Maruk (Persian: مروك‎ also Romanized as Marūk) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 15 families.
 Sarnówko [sarˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 3.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District Milajerd District Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 154 families.
 Rud Sameh (Persian: رودسمه‎ also Romanized as Rūd Sameh Rūd-e Semeh and Rūd Semeh) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 30 families.
 Reka is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Burçaklar is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Pyrzowice [pɨʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarowice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Ożarowice 15 km (9 mi) east of Tarnowskie Góry and 25 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 980 and Katowice International Airport is located nearby.Pyrzowice belongs to Zagłębie Dąbrowskie part of historic province of Lesser Poland.
 Mirzwas is a village in the Laxmangarh administrative region of the Sikar district of Rajasthan state in India. The village lies 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Laxmangarh and 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) from Nawalgarh. The borders villages including Bidsar Bidasar Kheri Radan Dundlod and Sankhu .
 Öztürkmenli is a small village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village at 36°28′N 34°01′E is situated in the southern slopes of Toros Mountains to the east of Yenibahçe. The distance to Silifke is 28 kilometres (17 mi) and to Mersin is 88 kilometres (55 mi). The population of Öztürkmenli was 77 as of 2011 . Mezgitkale a Roman mausoleum is to the south east of the village.
 Kohan Sar (Persian: كهن سر‎) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jawornica [javɔrˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Lubliniec and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 535.
 Dobratycze-Kolonia [dɔbraˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Arbab (Persian: ارباب‎ also Romanized as Arbāb) is a village in Dorungar Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 33 families.It is a notable family name ( نجیب زاده ) in Middle East especially in country of IRAN (PERSIA).
 Gaskaminjan (Persian: گسكمينجان‎ also Romanized as Gaskamīnjān; also known as Gasgamīnjān and Gīsgamīn Jān) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 558 in 126 families.
 Bagh-e Latifan (Persian: باغ لطفيان‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Laţīfān and Bāgh-e Loţfīān; also known simply as Bagh (Persian: باغ) also Romanized as Bāgh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 65 families.
 Shareh (Persian: شاره‎ also Romanized as Shāreh) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 844 in 204 families.
 Jezioro [jɛˈʑɔrɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Twardogóra 28 kilometres (17 mi) north of Oleśnica and 48 kilometres (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mollalar-e Mohammadreza Kandi (Persian: ملالارمحمدرضاكندي‎ also Romanized as Mollālār-e Moḩammadreẕā Kandī; also known as Mollālar) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Sobótka [sɔˈbutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Bliżyn 17 km (11 mi) west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 230.
 Karimpuzha-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Karimpuzha-II and Karimpuzha-I are administered by the Karimpuzha gram panchayat.
 Golubovac is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 Dubrava (Cyrillic: Дубрава) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Shafiabad (Persian: شفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Shafī‘ābād; also known as Safī‘ābād and Sharīfābād) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 79 families.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sztabin 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Augustów and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Marzelan-e Mohammad Morad (Persian: مرزلان محمدمراد‎ also Romanized as Marzelān-e Moḩammad Morād; also known as Marzelān) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 27 families.
 Ozbekuy-e Qadim (Persian: ازبكوي قديم‎ also Romanized as Ozbekūy-e Qadīm; also known as Ozbekūh) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Papakht (Persian: پاپخت‎ also Romanized as Pāpakht; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Pāboţ Pā Bokht Pābot Pābukht and Pā Takht) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Dorszyn [ˈdɔrʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łęki Szlacheckie 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sasuli (Persian: ساسولي‎ also Romanized as Sāsūlī; also known as Deh-e Sāsūlī and Sālsūlī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 568 in 115 families.
 Kallur Vadakkummuri is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Koogi is a village in Jõelähtme Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's lies on the left bank of the Jägala River. The Tallinn–Narva road (nr 1 part of E20) passes Koogi and has an intersection with Jägala–Aegviidu–Käravete road (nr 13). Koogi has 95 inhabitants (2005).
 Styków [ˈstɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów Małopolski within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Głogów Małopolski and 18 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Wróbliniec [vruˈbliɲet͡s] (German: Wildbahn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Wola Żarczycka [ˈvɔla ʐarˈt͡ʂɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowa Sarzyna 14 km (9 mi) west of Leżajsk and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3793.
 Gajnik [ˈɡai̯nik] (German: Hain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Międzylesie 28 kilometres (17 mi) south of Kłodzko and 107 kilometres (66 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 130.
 Uddemarri is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamirpet mandal.
 Rosocha [rɔˈsɔxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golina within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kütüklü is a village in the District of Ağaçören Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Cheshmeh Nush (Persian: چشمه نوش‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Nūsh and Chashmeh Nūsh) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 50 families.
 But [but] German Neuvorwerk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau) within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Głogówek (Oberglogau) 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Feliksów [fɛˈliksuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Malanów 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Turek and 111 km (69 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 399.
 Besh Aghaj (Persian: بش اغاج‎ also Romanized as Besh Āghāj; also known as Besh Āqāj and Bīsh Āghāch) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 97 families.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād; also known as Jannatābād-e Gonbagī) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 95 families.
 Dudhouli is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5548 people living in 1020 individual households.
 Małowice [mawɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsko within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lubsko 22 km (14 mi) north of Żary and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 84.
 V. R. Kota (Veera Raghavuni Kota) is one of the major villages in Prakasam District on the East Coast of India in the state of Andhra Pradesh in a river valley. This Village shows local cultures and accents of both Nellore (Nellore District) and Ongole (Prakasam District).
 Gliniany [ɡliˈɲanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Ożarów 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Opatów and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 320.
 Wartkowice [vartkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wartkowice. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Poddębice and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 690.
 Baraniec [baˈraɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ojrzeń 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Ciechanów and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Qeysariyeh-ye Vosta (Persian: قيصريه وسطي‎ also Romanized as Qeysarīyeh-ye Vostá) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 45 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Owch Darreh Abbas (Persian: قشلاق اوچ دره عباس‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Owch Darreh ʿAbbās) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gualdicciolo is a village (curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the municipality (castello) of Acquaviva and is its most populated parish.
 Javadabad (Persian: جواد آباد‎ also Romanized as Javādābād) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District in the Central District of Sorkheh County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dobro is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mian Bura (Persian: ميان بورا‎ also Romanized as Mīān Būrā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 96 families.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Mehrabānī) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Kudry [ˈkudrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłoń within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jabłoń 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Parczew and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kheyrumandan (Persian: خيرومندان‎ also Romanized as Kheyrūmandān) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 31 families.
 Iwiczna [iˈvit͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Alachiq (Persian: الاچيق‎ also Romanized as Ālāchīq; also known as Ālājīq) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 36 families.
 Prażmów [ˈpraʐmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Burzenin 15 km (9 mi) south of Sieradz and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 285.
 Lug (Hungarian: Laskó) is a settlement in the region of Baranja Croatia. Administratively it is located in the Bilje municipality within the Osijek-Baranja County. Population is 852 people.
 Droniki [drɔˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Tolombeh-ye Abbasabad (Persian: تلمبه عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAbbāsābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 8 families.
 Wroczyny [vrɔˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Kutno and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tappeh Bur (Persian: تپه بور‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Būr) is a village in Karaftu Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 64 families.
 Shetvan (Persian: شت وان‎ also Romanized as Shetvān) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 47 families.
 Kolonia Partyzantów [kɔˈlɔɲa partɨˈzantuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynice within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Marandeh (Persian: مرانده‎ also Romanized as Marāndeh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 67 families.
 Ochraniew [ɔˈxraɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Zduńska Wola and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bazaga is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād and Mohammadābād; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Kohneh Moḩammadābād Khan Moḩammad Khānābād and Muhammadābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krypy [ˈkrɨpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Neyesaneh (Persian: نيسانه‎ also Romanized as Neyesāneh; also known as Neyestāneh) is a village in Sirvan Rural District Nowsud District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 56 families.
 Waarder is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the former municipality of Reeuwijk and lies about 5 km southwest of Woerden.In 2001 the village of Waarder had 1143 inhabitants.
 Mazraeh-ye Amirabad (Persian: مزرعه اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Amīrābād; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Panbeh Jar (Persian: پنبه جار‎ also Romanized as Panbeh Jār) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 43 families.
 Gökçeli is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Chahtuk (Persian: چاه توك‎ also Romanized as Chāhtūk) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 20 families.
 Tamsa is a village in Nõo Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Aqaabad (Persian: آقاآباد‎ also Romanized as Āqāābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Weragamtota is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kulabad (Persian: کول آباد‎ also Romanized as Kūlābād; also known as Kūyābād) is a village in Silakhor Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 47 families.
 Toholji (Cyrillic: Тохољи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deupurkot is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2232 people living in 474 individual households.
 Bjerkås is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Yusef Zehi (Persian: يوسف زهي‎ also Romanized as Yūsef Zehī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 42 families.
 Kurekli (Persian: كوركلي‎ also Romanized as Kūreklī) is a village in Soltanali Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 113 families.
 Kijewice [kijɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skwierzyna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Skwierzyna 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Międzyrzecz and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Stradów [ˈstraduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kąty Wrocławskie and 25 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Yengi Kand (Persian: ينگي كند‎ also Romanized as 'Yengī Kand; also known as Yengī Kandī) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 11 families.
 Pol-e Parzin (Persian: پل پرزين‎ also Romanized as Pol-e Parzīn) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District in the Central District of Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 52 families.
 Śladów [ˈɕladuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słaboszów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Słaboszów 12 km (7 mi) east of Miechów and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 240.
 Hızırkahya Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca Antalya Province Turkey.
 Deh-e Bala (Persian: ده بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bālā) is a village in Meymand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Aqcheh Kand (Persian: اقچه كند‎ also Romanized as Āqcheh Kand) is a village in Darsajin Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 43 families.
 Kopalina [kɔpaˈlina] (German: Rodeland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Jelcz-Laskowice 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Oława and 29 kilometres (18 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ney Talkh (Persian: ني تلخ‎) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Kadim (Persian: كديم‎ also Romanized as Kadīm) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Eqbalabad (Persian: اقبال اباد‎ also Romanized as Eqbālābād; also known as Qjblehābād Qoblehābād and Qobolābād) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 138 families.
 Żabicko [ʐaˈbit͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chah Keshavarzi Eslamabad (Persian: چاه كشاورزي اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Chāh Keshāvarzī Eslāmābād; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gurom Daraq (Persian: گورم درق‎ also Romanized as Gūrom Daraq; also known as Gorom Darreh) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Mowasseseh-ye Gavdari Salehpur (Persian: موسسه گاوداري صالح پور‎ also Romanized as Mowasseseh-ye Gāvdārī Şāleḥpūr) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Uzun Darreh-ye Sofla (Persian: اوزون دره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ūzūn Darreh-ye Soflá and Oozoon Darreh Sofla; also known as Ūzūn Darreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 260 in 41 families.
 Gutarzewo [ɡutaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sochocin 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Płońsk and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 163.
 Peramangalam is an Indian village 10 kilometres away from Trichur. The district highways connecting Kozhikode and Guruvayoor pass through this village. The famous tourist place Villangankunnu is on the south west side of this village. This village is an example of religious harmony. Peramangalam originates from the na#e Veeraramamangalam
 Madeniyet or Rakhat is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Puspalpur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2162 persons living in 380 individual households.
 Villa Santa Rita de Catuna is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Imara is a village in Salme Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Makowice [makɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Schwengfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Świdnica and 52 kilometres (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kolonia Lipnik [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈlipnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Siemkowice 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Baghdadi (Persian: بغدادي‎ also Romanized as Baghdādī) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 24 families.
 Warwick is a village in Orange County New York United States. The 2010 census population was 6731 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.The Village of Warwick is in the southeast part of the Town of Warwick and is immediately north of the state line.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Opalenica 20 km (12 mi) east of Nowy Tomyśl and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 25 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḥājjīābād; also known as Ḥājjīābād-e Bākharz) is a village in Bakharz Rural District in the Central District of Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 496 in 118 families.
 Strzemieczne-Hieronimy [stʂɛˈmjɛt͡ʂnɛ xjɛrɔˈnimɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Drelów [ˈdrɛluf] is a village in Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Drelów. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-west of Biała Podlaska and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 900.In January 17 1874 the Russian Army killing 23 Greek Catholic (Uniate) in time a protest against the Russification and confiscation of the church.
 Jijabad (Persian: جيج اباد‎ also Romanized as Jījābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 32 families.
 Zabierzów [zaˈbjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Walce 10 km (6 mi) south of Krapkowice and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Jalalieh (Persian: جلاليه‎ also Romanized as Jalālīeh; also known as Jalālī) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 26 families.
 Kızılca Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Lęgniszewo [lɛnɡniˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Zbijewo [zbiˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Chodecz 32 km (20 mi) south of Włocławek and 78 km (48 mi) south of Toruń.
 Sahlavar (Persian: سهل اور‎ also Romanized as Sahlāvar; also known as Sarlāvar) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 781 in 167 families.
 Tekin is a village in the District of Germencik Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 262 people.
 Witków [ˈvitkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Chojnów 24 km (15 mi) west of Legnica and 85 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Gari Sarab (Persian: گري سراب‎ also Romanized as Garī Sarāb) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Krzemlin [ˈkʂɛmlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Pyrzyce and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 833.
 Jifar is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Kapugallu is one of the largest gram panchayats under Kodad Municipality in the Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh India. 508238. The surrounding countryside is full of Mango Trees and P addy fields NH-65 (NH-9) is just 8KM away from this village. Sarveshwara puram a small village is also comes under Kapugallu grama panchayat. Surrounding villages of Kapugallu are Gudibanda Redlakunta Kuchipudi Togarrai Dorakunta etc...
 Rõusa is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia. The village is located at coordinates 58°40′N 25°07′E.Journalist writer and feminist Lilli Suburg (1841–1923) was born in Rõusa Manor.
 Darreh Deraz (Persian: دره دراز‎ also Romanized as Darreh Derāz) is a village in Azna Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 14 families.
 Tyborów [tɨˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Magnuszew 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Devangaon is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindgi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Ilkowice [ilkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Żabno 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Tarnów and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Pooth Kalan is a census town in North West district in the Indian state of Delhi.
 Sharqonj (Persian: شارقنج‎ also Romanized as Shārqonj Shahrghunj and Shahr-e Qonj; also known as Mashār Qonj and Shārqonj-e Bālā) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 38 families.
 Leševo is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Bukovica Gornja is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mohammadqoli Qeshlaq (Persian: محمدقلي قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadqolī Qeshlāq; also known as Moḩammad ‘Alī Qeshlāqī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 77 families.
 Shiadeh Sadat Mahalleh (Persian: شياده سادات محله‎ also Romanized as Shīādeh Sādāt Maḩalleh Sheyādeh Sādāt Maḩalleh and Shīā Deh Sādāt Maḩalleh; also known as Shīā Deh) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 97 families.
 Żyłki [ˈʐɨu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 67 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kesu is a village in Martna Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Nowy Barkoczyn [ˈnɔvɨ barˈkɔt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowa Karczma 10 km (6 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 543.
 Niedzbórz [ˈɲed͡zbuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south of Mława and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 460.
 Shib Kuh (Persian: شيب كوه‎ also Romanized as Shīb Kūh) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Wielki Łęck [ˈvjɛlki ˈwɛnt͡sk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Płośnica 16 km (10 mi) west of Działdowo and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Sarmur (Persian: سرمور‎ also Romanized as Sarmūr) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Galasan Gurasan (Persian: گلسن گورسن‎ also Romanized as Galasan Gūrasan) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 9 families.
 Dumpagadapa is a village and panchayat under Akividu mandal located in the West Godavari district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Bid Qatar-e Bon Rud (Persian: بيدقطاربن رود‎ also Romanized as Bīd Qaţār-e Bon Rūd; also known as Bīdqaţār) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 20 families.
 Leskovik is a village in the municipality of Bela Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 24 people.
 Mowtowr-e Khoda Raham Sheh Bakhsh (Persian: بمپور خدارحم شه بخش‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khodā Raḩam Sheh Bakhsh) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sırbaşmak is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Ohakvere is a village in Illuka Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Mowtowr-e Mahdi (Persian: موتورمهدي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mahdī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Allikmaa is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Sadabad (Persian: سعد آباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 18 families.
 Raigu is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Borzegan (Persian: برزگان‎ also Romanized as Borzegān and Borzekān; also known as Bāzkan and Būrzakān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dale or Dale i Sunnfjord is the administrative centre of the municipality of Fjaler in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway.
 Liciążna [liˈt͡ɕɔ̃ʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowłódz within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Inowłódz 18 km (11 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tewang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2127 people living in 370 individual households.
 Sar Jangal (Persian: سرجنگل‎) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 54 families.
 Robercin [rɔˈbɛrt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Piaseczno and 20 km (12 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Sędzin [ˈsɛnd͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 34 km (21 mi) south of Toruń.The village has an approximate population of 600.
 Kuran (Persian: كورن‎ also Romanized as Kūran; also known as Kahrān) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 524 in 114 families.
 Tambaseyun-e Kuh Mobarak (Persian: تم باسيون كوه مبارك‎ also Romanized as Tambāseyūn-e Kūh Mobārak; also known as Kooh Mobarak Kūh-e Mobārak Kūh-i-Mubarak Kuhmobarak Kūh Mobārak Qal‘eh-ye Kūh-e Mobārak and Tampāseyūn) is a village in Kangan Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 27 families.
 Vey (Persian: وي‎) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 53 families.
 Corwin is a village in Wayne Township Warren County Ohio United States. The population was 421 at the 2010 census. It is named for Governor Thomas Corwin. The mayor of Corwin is Cheryl L. Davidson who also serves on the Wayne Township Fire Dept.[citation needed]
 Mian Choqa (Persian: ميان چقا‎ also Romanized as Mīān Choqā) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 50 families.
 Velký Chlumec is a village and municipality in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Başçımağıl is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 276 people.
 Talar Posht-e Olya (Persian: تالارپشت عليا‎ also Romanized as Tālār Posht-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bālā Tālār Posht) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 769 in 206 families.
 Sankar Parulia is a small village in South 24 Parganas district West Bengal India.
 Geraiyeh (Persian: گراييه‎ also Romanized as Gerā’īyeh and Garā‘īyeh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 27 families.
 Kolonia Sejny [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈsɛi̯nɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Ostružno (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Arcade is a village in Wyoming County New York. The population was 2071 at the 2010 census.The Village of Arcade in located in the southwest part of the Town of Arcade.
 Munduruthy(or Munduruthi) is a small village belonging to chittatukara panchayath North Paravur Block Ernakulam District Kerala.The village is under Mannam Postoffice and the pin code as 683520.There are about 100 families included in it and the nearby places are Palathuruth Thekkumpuram Thannipadam.There is a bridge that connecting Munduruthy and Thannipadam that makes an easy path to go to North Paravur.
 Yaramış is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the southeast of Tarsus and to the west of Berdan River. Its distance to Tarsus is about 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 55 kilometres (34 mi). The population of Yaramış was 192 as of 2012.
 Ab Chendaran-e Sofla Gelal (Persian: اب چنداران سفلي گلال‎ also Romanized as Āb Chendārān-e Soflá Gelāl; also known as Āb Chendār Āb Chendārān and Āb Chendār-e Gelāl) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 85 families.
 Wiskienica Górna [viskʲɛˈnit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Nash (Persian: ناش‎ also Romanized as Nāsh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 130 families.
 Leśnictwo [lɛɕˈnit͡stfɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kwasków [ˈkfaskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Błaszki 19 km (12 mi) west of Sieradz and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dąb Mały [ˈdɔmp ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Włocławek and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Nargesabad (Persian: نرگس اباد‎ also Romanized as Nargesābād) is a village in Varqeh Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 32 families.
 Aghkand-e Olya (Persian: آغكند عليا‎ also Romanized as Āghkand-e ‘Olyā and Āgh Kand-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āghkand-e Bālā Ahkand Bāla and Āq Kand-e Bālā) is a village in Babarashani Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 34 families.
 Estarkhi (Persian: اسطرخي‎ also Romanized as Esţarkhī; also known as Estakhrī) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 39 families.
 Skrzyniec [ˈskʂɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Bełżyce and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Klek is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Novo Sarajevo.
 Ardugah Emir Kebir (Persian: اردوگاه اميركبير‎ also Romanized as Ārdūgāh Emīr Kebīr; also known as Bāghak-e Khorājī (Persian: باغك خراجي) and Bāghak) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kalateh-ye Molla Gholamhoseyn (Persian: كلاته ملاغلامحسين‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mollā Gholāmḩoseyn) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 47 families.
 Bozova is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Halow Bazar (Persian: هالو بازار‎ also Romanized as Hālow Bāzār and Hālowbāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Salimabad-e Olya (Persian: سليم ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Salīmābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Bālā Salīmābād and Salīmābād-e Bālā) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 51 families.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 45 families.
 Aşağıemirce is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 113 people.
 Celiny [t͡sɛˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Chmielnik and 27 km (17 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 340.
 Chengala is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Tolombeh-ye Aliabad Shorka (Persian: تلمبه علي ابادشركا‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAlīābād Shorkā) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Menderjan (Persian: مندرجان‎ also Romanized as Menderjān) is a village in Kaveh Ahangar Rural District in the Central District of Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 974 in 232 families.
 Miandasteh (Persian: مياندسته‎ also Romanized as Mīāndasteh; also known as Mīān Dasteh-ye Jalāl Arzak) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 600 in 145 families.
 Mashhadi Barag Jar (Persian: مشهدي براگجر‎ also Romanized as Mashhadī Barāg Jar) is a village in Mamulan Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Skrobów-Kolonia [ˈskrɔbuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Hasanabad-e Etemad (Persian: حسن اباداعتماد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e E‘temād; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 13 families.
 Guyin (Persian: گوين‎ also Romanized as Gūyīn) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 63 families.
 Thanagaun is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2408 people living in 428 individual households.
 Wielki Lubień [ˈvjɛlki ˈlubjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately: 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Dragacz 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Grudziądz 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Świecie and 55 km (34 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 400.
 Keshmar (Persian: كشمر‎) is a village in Kenarshahr Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 633 in 191 families. The village is the site of the famous Cypress of Kashmar.
 Żerniki [ʐɛrˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Janowiec Wielkopolski 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Żnin and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 330.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 24 families.
 Wołowiec [vɔˈwɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Döringshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Nowogard 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dudu (Persian: دودو‎ also Romanized as Dūdū Dodoo and Dūdow) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 513 in 95 families.
 Tulsi Chauda is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3451.
 Tang-e Kalan (Persian: تنگ كلان‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Kalān) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Waszkowo [vaʂˈkɔvɔ] (German: Waschke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniec within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Poniec 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Gostyń and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań. In 2006 it had a population of approximately 160. It was formerly in Leszno Voivodeship (1975–1998).The village is locally known for its early Renaissance church.
 Chynowiec ([xɨˈnɔvjɛt͡s] German: Brandswerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Gniewino 15 km (9 mi) west of Wejherowo and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kalinówka Królewska [kaliˈnufka kruˈlɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Jasionówka 12 km (7 mi) east of Mońki and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mohammad Zurab (Persian: محمدزوراب‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Zūrāb; also known as Moḩammad Zūrā) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 27 families.
 Koshneh (Persian: كشنه‎; also known as Goshneh) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 23 families.
 Shelby is a village in Oceana County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2065 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Shelby Township.
 Paneyapuram is a village in the Srirangam taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Mordarka [mɔrˈdarka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Limanowa and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2387.
 Kesznyéten is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Karwik [ˈkarvik] (German: Karwik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Pisz and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Faram Rudbar Hajji Sadeq (Persian: فرام رودبارحاجي صادق‎ also Romanized as Farām Rūdbār Ḩājjī Şādeq) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 28 families.
 Qarah Gol (Persian: قره گل‎ also Romanized as Qareh Gol) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 349 in 65 families.
 Kochowo [kɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Słupca and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Budisavlje (Serbian: Будисавље) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vembayam (Malayalam : വെമ്പായം ) is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Sokoły [sɔˈkɔwɨ] is a village in Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sokoły. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1450.
 Potoki [pɔˈtɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Ivanili is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Taklang is a river village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies to the northeast of Singkaling Hkamti.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎; also known as Now Deh-e Qarah Bāghī) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 63 families.
 Pú Hồng is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên Đông District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam. The commune covers an area of 126.5 square kilometres and has a reported population of 3442.
 Ardclough officially Ardclogh (/ɑːrdˈklɑːk/ or /ɑːrdˈklɑːx/; Irish: Ard Cloch meaning high stone) is a village and community in the parish of Kill County Kildare Ireland two miles (3 km) off the N7 national primary road. Amongst its buildings today are a national school a church Ardclough GAA Club and one shop Buggys. Ardclough also contains the historic round tower at Oughterard.
 Vedruka is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Pothunuru (Telugu: పోతునూరు) is a village in Denduluru mandal of West Godavari district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Vazirabad (Persian: وزيراباد‎ also Romanized as Vazīrābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 117 families.
 Orašje is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 934 people.
 Aynajik (Persian: عين جيک‎ also Romanized as ‘Aynajīk Ainajek ‘Eynajīk ‘Eynejīk and Eynjik; also known as Aynadzhek and Enjag) is a village in Karasf Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 818 in 192 families.
 Kanan Devan Hills is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.The village of Kannan Devan Hills in Devikulam Taluk was given on lease on 11 July 1877 by the Poonjar Thampuran to John Daniel Munroe of London and Peermedu for coffee plantation. The lands and plantations were later resumed by the Government of Kerala by the KANNAN DEVAN HILLS (RESUMPTION OF LANDS) ACT 1971. Today Kannan Devan Hills is a great tourist spot.
 Wólka [ˈvulka] (German: Spittel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Csebény is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Shahaday Bahram Nezhad (Persian: موتورپم پشهدائبهرام نژاد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Shahdāy Bahrām Nezhād) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sudai is a village in the Madhubani District in north Bihar India. It is a very prominent village in Mithila. Great names like Late Shri Pandit Jagannath Mishra who was a member of parliament of 5th Lok shabha (1971–1975) from cong(i) lived in Sudai. He was a headmaster by profession before becoming member of parliament in India. Sudai can be reached by train or by road. By train go from Jhanjharpur towards nirmali. Then you should get off at Chikna Halt to go to Sudai.
 Kokkarebellur usually shortened by the colloquial usage to Kokrebellur is a village in Maddur taluk of Mandya district of Karnataka India. The village is named after the Painted Stork(Ibis leucocephalus) called “Kokkare” in Kannada language. It is situated near Maddur between the cities of Mysore and Bangalore. Apart from Painted Storks the Spotbilled Pelicans are also found here. Both are classified as “near threatened category” in IUCN Red List of 2009.
 Kalateh-ye Bojdi (Persian: كلاته بجدي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bojdī; also known as Kalāt-e Bojdīn Bojd Bojdī Kalāteh-i-Būjd Kalāteh-ye Bojīr and Kalāteh-ye Būzhadī) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 50 families.
 Lipniki [lipˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 127 km (79 mi) north of Warsaw. Established in 1663 by Wiśniewski a settler from Piotrków Trybunalski Lipniki is the oldest historically documented village in the Kurpie region of Poland.The village has a population of 1152.
 Baghak (Persian: باغك‎ also Romanized as Bāghak) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 15 families.
 Razmgah-e Olya (Persian: رزمگاه عليا‎ also Romanized as Razmgāh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Razmgāh and Razmgāh-e Bālā) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 26 families.
 Helemsi (Persian: حلمسي‎ also Romanized as Ḩelemsī) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 766 in 187 families.
 Kłoda Mała [ˈkwɔda ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Zalesie 16 km (10 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 103 km (64 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pupki ([ˈpupki]; translation: Small Bottoms) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Kolno and 95 km (59 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 111.
 Wołyńskie [vɔˈwɨɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Augustowo [auɡusˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielichowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wielichowo 8 km (5 mi) south of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 90.
 Düzköy Borçka (Laz: ჩხალა/Çxala; Georgian: ჩხალა/Chkhala) is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 841 people.
 Abbasabad-e Seh Choqa (Persian: عباس ابادسه چقا‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Seh Choqā) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 39 families.
 Runya is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Zhitosvyat is a village in Karnobat Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 43 families.
 Opijnen is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Neerijnen and lies about 10 km southwest of Tiel.Opijnen was a separate municipality until 1818 when it changed its name to Est en Opijnen.In 2001 the village of Opijnen had 641 inhabitants.
 Estación Rincón or Rincón is a village in the Treinta y Tres Department of Uruguay.
 Oshtut-e Bala (Persian: اشتوت بالا‎ also Romanized as Oshtūt-e Bālā; also known as Oshtūt and Ūshtūt) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 815 in 204 families.
 Bagh-e Ali (Persian: باغ عالي‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e ‘Ālī and Bāgh-e ‘Alī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Rohuzg (Persian: رهوزگ‎ also Romanized as Rohūzg Rohrozg Rehīzeg Rehīzek Rohūq and Ruhūzg) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Gutków [ˈɡutkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Będków 18 km (11 mi) west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 32 km (20 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Jeleniów [jɛˈlɛɲuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 157.
 Kaduney-e Vosta (Persian: كادوني وسطي‎ also Romanized as Kādūney-e Vosţá; also known as Delbar Sādāt-e Vosţá and Delbar Sādāt) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 23 families.
 Bokhvan (Persian: بخوان‎ also Romanized as Bokhvān) is a village in Fareghan Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 60 families.
 Gać [ɡat͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grudziądz and 50 km (31 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 224.
 Gornji Bešpelj is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Siedlików [ɕeˈdlikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Ostrzeszów and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Linaleo is a village in Alatskivi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Wilczyce [vilˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Niegosławice 36 km (22 mi) east of Żagań and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Honakuppi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Werejce [vɛˈrɛi̯t͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wierzbica 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Chełm and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tułowice [tuwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Brochów 13 km (8 mi) north of Sochaczew and 51 km (32 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 350.
 Glogovac (Cazin) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kramkowo Lipskie [kramˈkɔvɔ ˈlipskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nur 37 km (23 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 166.
 Baghunabad (Persian: باغون اباد‎ also Romanized as Bāghūnābād) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 155 families.
 Eskandar (Persian: اسكندر‎ also Romanized as Iskāndar) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 44 families.
 Gaboš (Serbian Cyrillic: Габош) is a village in Vukovar-Syrmia County Croatia. There are 613 inhabitants the majority of the population which are Serbs who make up 95% of the population according to the 2001 population census.
 Wrzosów [ˈvʐɔsuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Borki 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Brzezie [ˈbʐɛʑɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Środa Wielkopolska and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 140.
 Godagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād; also known as Khair Abad Marvdasht and Kheyrābād-e Marvdasht) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 792 in 196 families.
 Tark-e Viran (Persian: ترك ويران‎ also Romanized as Tark-e Vīrān) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 49 families.
 Orlean is a small unincorporated village in Fauquier County Virginia located approximately 50 miles (80 km) west of Washington DC. Orlean is situated at the intersection of Leeds Manor Road (County Route 688) and John Barton Payne Road (County Route 732). The Orlean Post Office is purported to be the smallest post office in the United States and has the ZIP Code of 20128.The Orlean Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Minkówka [miŋˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Narewka 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Piękna Góra [ˈpjɛnkna ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Giżycko and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 Sojczynek [sɔi̯ˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Grajewo and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Yengeh Qaleh-ye Havadanlu (Persian: ينگه قلعه هودانلو‎ also Romanized as Yengeh Qal‘eh-ye Havadānlū) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 126 families.
 Dudez (Persian: دودز‎ also Romanized as Dūdez) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 106 families.
 Szymanowo [ʂɨmaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rawicz and 89 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 64 families.
 Mały Las [ˈmawɨ ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lubowidz 8 km (5 mi) north of Żuromin and 126 km (78 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Suszkowice [suʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Otmuchów 8 km (5 mi) west of Nysa and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 180.
 Morczyny [mɔrˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Dębnica Kaszubska [dɛmbˈnit͡sa kaˈʂupska] German: Rathsdamnitz is a village in Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 96 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 3220.
 Palang Darreh (Persian: پلنگ دره‎ also Romanized as Palangdarreh) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 81 families.
 Akkiwat is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hukeri taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Trmčare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 715 people.
 Ereda is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Kalinjor is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3871 people living in 666 individual households.
 Gerster is a village in St. Clair County Missouri United States. The population was 25 at the 2010 census.
 Jarjish (Persian: جرجيس‎ also Romanized as Jarjīsh) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 27 families.
 Takyeh (Persian: تكيه‎ also Romanized as Tekyeh; also known as Takiyeh Ghareh Kariz) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 38 families.
 Kireh Kollah Badi (Persian: کیره کلاه بادی‎ also Romanized as Kīreh Kollāh Bādī) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kasikandh is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3256 people living in 555 individual households.
 Marz (Persian: مرز‎; also known as Ramz) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 247 in 50 families.
 Dehdati (Persian: دهداتي‎ also Romanized as Dehdātī Deh Dātī and Deh-e Datī; also known as Raḩmatābād Dāydātī and Deydātī) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 39 families.
 Mohur is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Arteshabad (Persian: ارتش اباد‎ also Romanized as Arteshābād; also known as Sekmesābād) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 200 families.
 Topraklı is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Greverud is a village in Oppegård municipality in Akershus county Norway.Greverud is located south of Kolbotn approximately 15 km south of Oslo.Greverud has around 4500 inhabitants while the 37 km² municipality of Oppegård has a total of around 24 000 inhabitants.Greverud has a railway station along Østfoldbanen about 22 minutes by train from Oslo center.In the middle of Greverud is Greverudsenteret with shops and restaurants.
 Peters Rest is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Zawada Nowa [zaˈvada ˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Zwoleń and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Westbroek is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of De Bilt and lies about 6 km northwest of Bilthoven.In 2001 the village of Westbroek had 510 inhabitants.
 Khersin (Persian: خرسين‎ also Romanized as Khersīn) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 121 families.
 Mohammad Taqi Kandi (Persian: محمدتقي كندي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Taqī Kandī; also known as Moḩammad Taqī) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 671 in 151 families.
 Dumara is a village in North Sulawesi (Sulawesi Utara) in Indonesia. It lies on the left bank of the Dumoga River.
 Bajo Caracoles is a village and municipality in Santa Cruz Province in southern Argentina. It lies on Ruta 40 some 127 km south of the town of Perito Moreno and 3 km south of the junction with the access road to Cueva de las Manos.The population of the village in the 2001 census was 31.
 Greenwood is a village located in the western part of Kings County in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley.
 Dehlaq (Persian: دهلق‎; also known as Dehleh) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 30 families.
 Sędek [ˈsɛndɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łagów and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 332.
 Opalla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Shahrak-e Emam Khomeyni (Persian: شهرك امام خميني‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Khomeynī; also known as Shahrak-e Emām) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1376 in 284 families.
 Mikołajewice [mikɔwajɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Irządze within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Irządze 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Hajjiabad-e Do (Persian: حاجي اباددو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Do; also known as Ḩājīābād) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Białowoda [bjawɔˈvɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Opole Lubelskie and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 107.
 Yılanlı is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Darin Daraq (Persian: دريندرق‎ also Romanized as Darīn Daraq and Darīndaraq) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 701 in 136 families.
 Stok [stɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Korycin 27 km (17 mi) west of Sokółka and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Malta [ˈmalta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Sulęcin and 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 130.
 Kobilje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 710 people.
 Natolin [naˈtɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sefteh-ye Hoseyn Khan (Persian: سفته حسين خان‎ also Romanized as Sefteh-ye Ḩoseyn Khān and Sefteh-e Ḩosein Khān; also known as Sefteh) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Ewina [ɛˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Żytno 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dići is a village situated in Ljig municipality in Serbia.
 Kłodawa [kwɔˈdava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 95 km (59 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 329.
 Wąwelnica [vɔ̃vɛlˈnit͡sa] (formerly German Wamlitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Dobra 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Police and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Yazlık is a small village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains to the west of Turkish state highway D.750. Its distance to Tarsus is about 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 50 kilometres (31 mi). The population of Yazlık was 88 as of 2012.
 Mowtowr-e Kheyr Mohammad Huti (Persian: موتورخيرمحمدهوتي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Kheyr Moḩammad Hūtī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Porakkudi is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 6.
 Percellesh is a village in the municipality of Petrelë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Iduvai is a village near Tirupur in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Iduvai is about 48 kilometres (30 mi) from Coimbatore 9 km (6 mi) from Tirupur and 12 km (7 mi) from Palladam. It is located on Tirupur - Palladam State Highway 19.
 Busije is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Maaden is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Milejów [miˈlɛjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Łęczna and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 2676.
 Kanaganahalli is about 3 km from Sannati. An important Buddhist site the place where an ancient Buddhist Mahastupa site found. It is on the left bank of the Bhima river in Chitapur taluk Gulbarga District in Karnataka India. Nalwar is the nearest Railway station about 19 km from Kanaganahalli. The Buddhist site about 2.5 km from Chandrala Parameshwari temple of Sannati.
 Orumanayur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kangrussaare is a village in Kõo Parish Viljandi County in central Estonia. As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 34.
 Saluk-e Sofla (Persian: سالوك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sālūk-e Soflá; also known as Sālūg-e Pā’īn and Sālūk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 7 families.
 Hacıköy is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 119 people.
 Meljine (Serbian: Мељине) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Molendy [mɔˈlɛndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbatka-Letnisko within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Garbatka-Letnisko 9 km (6 mi) south of Kozienice and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of Warsaw.↑
 Karvansara (Persian: كاروانسرا‎ also Romanized as Kārvānsarā and Kārevānserā) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 741 in 187 families.
 Rajaküla is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Chahkanduk (Persian: چهكندوك‎ also Romanized as Chāhkandūk and Chāh Kandūk; also known as Chah Kandook Nahar Khan) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 32 families.
 Psary Polskie [ˈpsarɨ ˈpɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Września and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Orło [ˈɔrwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Behestan (Persian: بهستان‎ also Romanized as Behestān; also known as Bīstān) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 14 families.
 Zadębce [zaˈdɛmpt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 General Conesa (Río Negro) is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 Feshkecheh (Persian: فشكچه‎ also Romanized as Feshkacheh and Fashkacheh; also known as Fashkeh and Feshke) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 524 in 122 families.
 Dobrnje is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality in Serbia.
 Eshaqabad (Persian: اسحق اباد‎ also Romanized as Esḩāqābād) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 93 families.
 Mowtowr-e Hajji Pir Bakhsh Kabadani (Persian: موتور حاجي پير بخش کبداني‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Pīr Bakhsh Kabadānī) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cherlanqush (Persian: چر لانقوش‎ also Romanized as Cherlānqūsh; also known as Cherlān Qūch) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 44 families.
 Lužec nad Vltavou is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Vrbas is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Sohrabi (Persian: تلمبه محمدسهرابي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Sohrābī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Glinka [ˈɡlinka] (German Glienke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Bobolice 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 140 km (87 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 19.
 Çamlıköy is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Suszewy [suˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Baħrija is a small rural village in Rabat Malta with a population that is growing. The name Baħrija means moth in Maltese. It is also known in English as Baħria of which the Counts Moscati had owned the fiefdom that was granted by the Grand Master of Malta.
 El Barco is a village in Tucumán Province in Argentina.
 Char Satikhola is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Lutomierz [luˈtɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoszowice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Stoszowice 8 km (5 mi) west of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Edwardów [ɛdˈvarduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ryki and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Łochtynowo [wɔxtɨˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Łomża and 77 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dąbrowa Widawska [dɔmˈbrɔva viˈdafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Widawa 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Łask and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Akgedik is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Çukurova palins (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the south of Çukurova motorway and Berdan Dam resorvoir at 36°57′N 34°55′E.The distance to Tarsus is 5 kilometres (3.1 mi). and to Mersin is 30 kilometres (19 mi). The population of Akgedik is 1065 as of 2010. Cotton and grape are the two main crops of the village.
 Island Lake South is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located on the southern shore of Island Lake along Highway 2 northwest of Athabasca.
 Przełom [ˈpʂɛwɔm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Mniów and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 162.
 Ravand-e Vosta (Persian: راوندوسطي‎ also Romanized as Rāvand-e Vosţá; also known as Rāvand and Rāvand-e Soflá) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Akalkumpi Gangawati is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gangawati taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Kelurahan Sampangan is a village in the Gajahmungkur district within the municipality of Kota Semarang in Central Java Indonesia.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 67 families.
 Yatihalagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sośnica-Brzeg [sɔɕˈnit͡sa ˈbʐɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Radymno 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Jarosław and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Pachpara is a village of Bangladesh located in Bralekha Maulvi Bazar. It is a small village of Maulvi Bazar District.
 Anjirak (Persian: انجيرك‎ also Romanized as Anjīrak and Anjīrk; also known as Anjarak and Anjerk) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 467 in 109 families.
 Siennica [ɕenˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nasielsk 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 360.
 Shur Ab-e Vosta (Persian: شوراب وسطي‎ also Romanized as Shūr Āb-e Vosţá; also known as Shūr Āb-e Vasaţ) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 14 families.
 Aru is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Widawka [viˈdafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Radomsko and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Itsinkoundi is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1883.
 Chavan (Persian: چاوان‎ also Romanized as Chavān) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1729 in 448 families.
 Smilčić is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D502 highway.
 Besri (Persian: بصري‎ also Romanized as Beşrī Başarī and Basri; also known as Baştī) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1034 in 311 families.
 Ljubine is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jeszkowice [jɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Jäschkowitz 1937: Lengefeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernica within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Czernica and 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Zardgah (Persian: زردگاه‎ also Romanized as Zardgāh; also known as Zīāratgāh and Zīyāratgāh) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 17 families.
 Chenaqchi-ye Olya (Persian: چناقچي عليا‎ also Romanized as Chenāqchī-ye ‘Olyā and Chonāqchī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chenāqchī-ye Bālā Chunāqcheh ‘Uliya and Janāqchī-ye Bālā) is a village in Duzaj Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 74 families.
 Hendabad (Persian: هنداباد‎ also Romanized as Hendābād) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 68 families.
 Krasne Potockie [ˈkrasnɛ pɔˈtɔt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Chełmiec 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Nowy Sącz and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 962.
 Karalarbahşiş is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is at the north east of Anamur. The population of the village is 1228 as of 2011.
 Gohreh (Persian: گهره‎) is a village in Gohreh Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 88 families.
 Madras Cooperative Farm (Persian: مزرعه تعاوني مدرس‎ – Mazra‘eh-ye Tʿāvanī Madras) is a village and cooperative farm in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sołdany Wielkie [sɔu̯ˈdanɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Janowiec Kościelny 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Võlli Pärnu County is a village in Tori Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Muthukulam is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 466 in 95 families.
 Hoseynkhan (Persian: حسين خان‎ also Romanized as Hoseynkhān) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 11 families.
 Narur also known as Naroor or Naror is a large village in Punjab situated 19 km from Phagwara. The area is 183 hectares with a population of 2485.Neighbouring villages include Panchhat Jalwehra Bhagana Randhirgarh and Mayopatti.
 Mamukh-e Sofla (Persian: ماموخ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Māmūkh-e Soflá; also known as Māmoq-e Pā'īn) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 31 families.
 Chah-e Shomareh-ye Yek Golshan (Persian: چاه شماره 1گلشن‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh-ye Yek Golshan) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czesławin [t͡ʂɛˈswavin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Błędów 18 km (11 mi) west of Grójec and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Emamzadeh Seyyed Mohammad Hoseyn (Persian: امامزاده سيدمحمدحسين‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Moḩammad Ḩoseyn) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 27 families.
 Deh-e Ahmad (Persian: ده احمد‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Aḩmad) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 9 families.
 Bobrowice [bɔbrɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Bobersberg) is a village in Krosno Odrzańskie County in Lubusz Voivodeship western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bobrowice.
 Küçükcamili is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Talkhu (Persian: تلخو‎ also Romanized as Talkhū) is a village in Kaki Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 651 in 128 families.
 Jubileo (Entre Ríos) is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Świdry [ˈɕfidrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Giżycko and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Śnieciska [ɕɲeˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Zaniemyśl 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 420.
 Leśniczówka [lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Głuszczyzna [ɡwuʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The Czerniowka rivers flows through Głusszczyzna. Many of the people who live in Głuszczyzna either work their field or go to the regional capitol Lublin.The main crop grown in Głuszczyzna is wheat.The city has 2 stores located at opposite ends of Głuszczyzna.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār; also known as Nowbahar Hoomeh) is a village in Qasemabad Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 9 families.
 Wedagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sahmui-ye Jonubi (Persian: سهموي جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Sahmūī-ye Jonūbī; also known as Sahmoo Jonoobi Sahmū Sahmū-e Pā’īn Sahmū Janūbī Sahmū Pā’īn Sahmū-ye Janūbī and Sahmū-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Chah-e Mobarak Rural District Chah-e Mobarak District Asaluyeh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 756 in 114 families.
 Qaraoun is a Lebanese village 85 km from Beirut known for its Lake Qaraoun in the Beqaa Valley formed by the El Wauroun Dam built in 1959. It is an ecologically fragile zone in the Rashaya District south of the Beqaa Governorate. The village lies about 2600 feet above sea level. The dam is located nearby on the Litani River.
 Abie is a village in Butler County Nebraska United States. The population was 69 at the 2010 census.
 Biruwa Archale is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3151 people living in 590 individual households. ward no. 1 Dara/Besardada village is 100% Gurung Village. While the other Ward No. 2 Shree Danda and the remaining Ward No. 3-9 consists of Magar Chhetri and brahmins.
 Stara Wieś [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Frampol 15 km (9 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 220
 Igrište is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 42 people.
 Kijów [ˈkijuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Rudno [ˈrudnɔ] (formerly German Rauden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Tychowo 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Białogard and 115 km (71 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 40.
 Benjufeyzi (Persian: بن جوفيضي‎ also Romanized as Benjufeyẕī; also known as Benjufeyẕ-e Soflá) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 Naduiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: ندوئيه عليا‎ also Romanized as Nadū’īyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Nadū and Nadū’īyeh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 6 families.
 Ommabad (Persian: ام اباد‎ also Romanized as Ommābād and Amābād) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 10 families.
 Donoor is a small village in the Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh which is located in the backward Telangana region. It is a small gram-panchayat with a population of just around 2500. It is around 8 kilometers from the temple town Dharmapuri.
 Nujeh Deh-e Kuh (Persian: نوجه ده كوه‎ also Romanized as Nūjeh Deh-e Kūh) is a village in Qurigol Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 700 in 108 families.
 Tang-e Barakeh (Persian: تنگ بركه‎) is a village in Somghan Rural District Chenar Shahijan District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zangian (Persian: زنگيان‎ also Romanized as Zangīān Zangeyān and Zangiyan) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 627 in 134 families.
 Wilczyska [vilˈt͡ʂɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wola Mysłowska 34 km (21 mi) west of Łuków and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 370.
 Pakuhak (Persian: پاكوهك‎ also Romanized as Pākūhak) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Maraneh (Persian: مرانه‎ also Romanized as Marāneh) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 56 families.
 Dugan-e Olya (Persian: دوگان عليا‎ also Romanized as Dūgān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dogān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1379 in 334 families.
 Talkhab (Persian: تلخاب‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb; also known as Talkh Āb) is a village in Hendmini Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 786 in 156 families.
 Krzywa [ˈkʂɨva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Suchowola 32 km (20 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stašov is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Qeshlaq Khani Bidzard (Persian: قشلاق خاني بيدزرد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq Khānī Bīdzard) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ahmad Mahmudi (Persian: احمدمحمودي‎ also Romanized as Aḩmad Maḩmūdī) is a village in Harm Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1078 in 221 families.
 Ganjavan (Persian: گنجوان‎ also Romanized as Ganjavān; also known as Ganjūwān and Qal‘eh Kanjavān) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 33 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Abaleh (Persian: حسين ابادابله‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Ābaleh) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 21 families.
 Kemmannugundi (Kannada: ಕೆಮ್ಮಣ್ಣುಗುಂಡಿ) is a hill station in Tarikere taluk of Chikkamagaluru district in the state of Karnataka India. It is 1434m above sea level. This was the summer retreat of Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV and as a mark of respect to the king it is also known as Sri Krishnarajendra Hill Station. The station is ringed by the Baba Budan Giri Range with cascades mountain streams and lush vegetation Kemmangundi’s has ornamental gardens and mountains and valleys views.
 Agrapatana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ganjeh (Persian: گنجه‎) is a village in Varzaq Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1146 in 293 families.
 Smętowo Leśne [smɛnˈtɔvɔ ˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chah Bid-e Kuchak (Persian: چاه بيدكوچك‎ also Romanized as Chāh Bīd-e Kūchak) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Raviz Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krusz [kruʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Glinojeck 19 km (12 mi) west of Ciechanów and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Grabanta is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mahyar (Persian: مهيار‎ also Romanized as Mahyār) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1362 in 347 families.
 Kani Kasil (Persian: كاني كسيل‎ also Romanized as Kānī Kasīl) is a village in Haq Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 9 families.
 Vardeh (Persian: ورده‎) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mielno [ˈmjɛlnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Gubin 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 61 km (38 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Grala-Dąbrowizna [ˈɡrala dɔmbrɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 77 km (48 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Qaleh-ye Hoseyniyeh (Persian: قلعه حسينيه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩoseynīyeh) is a village in Khorramdarreh Rural District in the Central District of Khorramdarreh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1963 in 490 families.
 Shalekeh (Persian: شالكه‎ also Romanized as Shālekeh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 94 families.
 Kamienna [kaˈmjɛnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Prabuty 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Stary Gołębiewek [ˈstarɨ ɡɔwɛmˈbjɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Yablunivka (Ukrainian: Яблунівка) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Marzandeh (Persian: مرزنده‎) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 66 families.
 Mõnuste is a village in Kernu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Chir (Persian: چير‎ also Romanized as Chīr; also known as Deh-e Āqā Moḩammad Ja‘farkhān and Deh-e Āqā Moḩammad Ja‘farkhān) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 123 families.
 Rassagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Algarheim is a village in the municipality of Ullensaker Norway. Its population (2005) is 371.
 Chah Gabar (Persian: چاه گبار‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gabār) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 15 families.
 Nadkole [natˈkɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Łochów 36 km (22 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Diruwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9721 persons living in 1408 individual households.
 Grabianka [ɡraˈbjanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieck within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Osieck 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Otwock and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Thenathoor is a small village population of 5000 located 16 kilometers from Thodupuzha Kerala India. Thodupuzha is the taluk headquarters of Thodupuzha taluk one among the four taluks in Idukki District of Kerala.
 Muraja is a village in Pöide Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kumkiejmy Przednie [kumˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ˈpʂɛdɲɛ] (German: Klein Kumkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Górowo Iławeckie 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kodange is a small village near Manipal and about 8 km away from Udupi and 3 km from Parkala junction in Karnataka. Agriculture is the main Occupation over here. The Famous Kodange Kamath family hails from this place.
 Sabzabad (Persian: سبزاباد‎ also Romanized as Sabzābād) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Arkowyen (Persian: اركوين‎ also Romanized as Arkovīn and Arkevīn; also known as Arkovī and Arkawi) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 71 families.
 Zarrin Ju (Persian: زرين جو‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Jū; also known as Qal‘eh Pahn Bas and Zarrīn Jūb) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 24 families.
 Bozab (Persian: بزاب‎ also Romanized as Bozāb) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Alfonsów [alˈfɔnsuf] (translation: Pimps) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Veralevuha is a village just south of Kokamau on the northwest coast of Guadalcanal Solomon Islands. It is located 46.2 kilometres (28.7 mi) by road northwest of Honiara.
 Turośń Kościelna [ˈturɔɕɲ kɔɕˈt͡ɕelna] is a village in Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Turośń Kościelna. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 700.
 Melila is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Maxwell is a village in Colfax County New Mexico United States. The population was 274 at the 2000 census. Unlike nearby Springer the village has been losing population due to the rural exodus. Maxwell was established in 1879 as a railroad town on the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe. It was named in honor of Lucien Maxwell who provided the land for the original townsite from his Maxwell Land Grant.[citation needed]
 Gręboszyce [ɡrɛmbɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Krompusch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwestern Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Oleśnica and 29 kilometres (18 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tolombeh-ye Kalantari (Persian: تلمبه كلانتري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Kalāntārī) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jodłówka-Wałki [jɔdˈwufka ˈvau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Józefków [juˈzɛfkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Zawichost 15 km (9 mi) north of Sandomierz and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Terwispel is a village consisting of about 1000 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
 Krągłe [ˈkrɔnɡwɛ] (formerly German Bernsdorf Neustettin within Landkreis Neustettin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Śródborze [ɕrudˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Werdun [ˈvɛrdun] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Tarczyn 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Kovioci is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 156 people.
 Tujerdi (Persian: توجردي‎ also Romanized as Tūjerdī; also known as Tūcherdī) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1515 in 387 families.
 Shukachari is a hill place located in the hill ranges known as Mahadev Hills between Atpadi and Khanapur of Sangli district Maharashtra India. As per Puran this place is believed to be the place of the epic sage Shukamuni or Shuka son of Vyas. This is a very popular place in Atpadi taluka people comes from all the places of taluka as well as from outside also.this is famous for Big Stones & Dark Forest as well as a water source in between mountains.
 Killygordon or Killygordan (Irish: Cúil na gCuirridín) is a small village in the Finn Valley of east County Donegal Ireland. It has a population of 608 (2011) and is located on the N15 between Ballybofey and Castlefin. The separate townland of the Crossroads lies half a mile from Killygordon. The River Finn passes by the village on its way towards its confluence with the River Mourne and the River Foyle.
 Sisawakataiya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5881 people living in 1004 individual households.
 Gödrenli is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 444 people.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎; also known as Deh Now-ye Tavakkolī) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Dozdak (Persian: دزدك‎) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 195 families.
 Deh Gol (Persian: ده گل‎) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 47 families.
 Mir Azizi (Persian: ميرعزيزي‎ also Romanized as Mīr ‘Azīzī) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 18 families.
 Piecowice [pjɛt͡sɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Długołęka and 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 370.
 Markowy Wygon [marˈkɔvɨ ˈvɨɡɔn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Szudziałowo 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Sokółka and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 11.
 Staré Hrady is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Abgerdu (Persian: ابگردو‎ also Romanized as Ābgerdū) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Basaralu town is located in Mandya district Karnataka India. It is home to the Mallikarjuna temple an ornate example of Hoysala architecture and is dedicated to Mallikarjuna another name for the Hindu god Shiva. This temple was built in 1234 A.D. by Harihara Nayaka a commander under the Hoysala King Vira Narasimha II.
 Asad Qeshlaqi-ye Do (Persian: اسدقشلاقي 2‎ also Romanized as Asad Qeshlāqī-ye Do) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 11 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājlābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lasowice Małe [lasɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Lassowitz 1936-1945 Schloßwalden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kluczbork and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 553.
 Dastjerd (Persian: دستجرد‎) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 11 families.
 Sharu (Persian: شرو‎ also Romanized as Sharū) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Kobylin [kɔˈbɨlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Goworowo 26 km (16 mi) south of Ostrołęka and 78 km (48 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Baharestan (Persian: بهارستان‎ also Romanized as Bahārestān) is a village in Qasemabad Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Shahrak-e Piruzi (Persian: شهرك پيروزي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Pīrūzī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 541 in 107 families.
 Rogowo [rɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Płoniawy-Bramura 20 km (12 mi) north of Maków Mazowiecki and 91 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Karvansara (Persian: كاروانسرا‎ also Romanized as Kārvānsarā) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 21 families.
 Rusko Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Руско Село) is a village in the Republic of Serbia. It is situated in the Kikinda municipality North Banat District Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
 Ashton is a village in Sherman County Nebraska United States. The population was 194 at the 2010 census.
 Mansuriyeh (Persian: منصوريه‎ also Romanized as Manşūrīyeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Gornja Trnava (Serbian: Горња Трнава) is a village in the municipality of Topola Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1736 people.
 Biały Dwór [ˈbjawɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Biały Bór 23 km (14 mi) north of Szczecinek and 155 km (96 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 250.
 Khvorhesht (Persian: خورهشت‎ also Romanized as Khorhasht Khūrhasht and Khūrhesht; also known as Khuresh) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1757 in 387 families.
 Qaleh-ye Asadabad (Persian: قلعه اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Qal’eh-ye As’adabad and Qal‘eh-ye As‘adābād; also known as As‘adābād and Asdābād) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Istālif (Persian: استالف‎) is a village about 18 miles northwest of Kabul Afghanistan situated at 34.8403°N 69.1000°E﻿ / 34.8403; 69.1000 at 1693 m altitude. It is the center of Istalif District Kabul Province Afghanistan. The village was destroyed during the long-lasting wars around Kabul. There are a few repaired or newly constructed buildings. The village needs a lot of work to be done to return its previous state. Istalif is famous for its handmade glazed potteries.
 Sheykh Gargali (Persian: شيخ گرگعلي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Gargʿalī) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ballık is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Chumalu (Persian: چومالو‎ also Romanized as Chūmālū; also known as Chomalu Chormāl Chormālū and Chūmānlū) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 382 in 70 families.
 Saziyan (Persian: سازيان‎ also Romanized as Sāzīyān and Sāzīān) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 68 families.
 Meydan (Persian: ميدان‎ also Romanized as Meydān) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 23 families.
 Lowrys Hill is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Ceyhanbekirli is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Załuskie Koronne [zaˈwuskʲɛ kɔˈrɔnːɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Brańsk 20 km (12 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Akhta is a village in Sitamarhi district Bihar India. It is located in two neighbouring taluks (subdistricts of India) : Suppi and Bairgania.
 General Urquiza is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina. It is located within the department San Ignacio. The town runs from the coast of Paraná River and the National Road No. 12. General Urquiza is located on the coast of Paraná and settled the major population centers: Puerto Menocchio Port of Spain Puerto Lapacho and Gisela Cologne.
 Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) north of Sochaczew and 52 km (32 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 370.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 30 families.
 Kuźnica [kuʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Rusiec 25 km (16 mi) west of Bełchatów and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cheshmeh Vazan (Persian: چشمه وزان‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Vazān) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 92 families.
 Biasabad-e Now Sazi (Persian: بياسابادنوسازي‎ also Romanized as Bīāsābād-e Now Sāzī; also known as Bīāsābād and Bayās Ābād) is a village in Zozan Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1200 in 226 families.
 Kalateh-ye Derakht-e Bid (Persian: كلاته درخت بيد‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Derakht-e Bīd) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 21 families.
 Mowtowr-e Gol Mohammad Palangi (Persian: موتورگل محمدپلنگي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gol Moḩammad Palangī) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 75 families.
 Chah-e Shahid Beheshti (Persian: چاه شهيدبهشتي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shahīd Beheshtī) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jastrząbki [jasˈtʂɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Janowiec Kościelny 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 50.
 Ravnaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Равнаја) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a population of 323 in 2002 all of whom were ethnic Serbs.
 Hoseynabad-e Navvab (Persian: حسين ابادنواب‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Navvāb) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 12 families.
 Afono is a village on the northeast coast of Tutuila Island American Samoa. One of the island's more populous villages it is located on the edge of Afono Bay at the eastern edge of the National Park of American Samoa. It is connected by Highway 6 to Vatia which lies along the coast to the northwest and to Aua on the edge of Pago Pago Harbor to the south via a winding stretch of highway which crosses the spine of the island.
 Owli Beyk (Persian: اولي بيك‎ also Romanized as Owlī Beyk; also known as Olībeyg and Owlī Beyg) is a village in Shivanat Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 762 in 156 families.
 Kuskowo-Bzury [kusˈkɔvɔ ˈbzurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Çamyurdu is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Borków [ˈbɔrkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Pińczów and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Herbertów [xɛrˈbɛrtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Vanaküla is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It lies on the left bank of the Valgejõgi River.
 Heřmanice (German: Hermanitz an der Elbe) is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Vedatar is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2643 people living in 513 individual households.
 Czajkowa [t͡ʂai̯ˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Tuszów Narodowy 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Mielec and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gav Zaban (Persian: گاوزبان‎ also Romanized as Gāv Zabān) is a village in Kuhin Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 466 in 92 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Karimi (Persian: تلمبه كريمي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Karīmī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ezbaram (Persian: ازبرم‎) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 131 families.
 Achamangalam is a village in the Krishnagiri taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Bibimohlat (Persian: بي بي مهلت‎ also Romanized as Bībīmohlat) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 88 families.
 Galan (Persian: گلان‎ also Romanized as Galān; also known as Galūn) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 81 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Zangiabadi (Persian: تلمبه زنگي ابادي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Zangīābādī) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Payervand-e Tekyeh (Persian: پايروندتكيه‎ also Romanized as Pāyervand-e Tekyeh; also known as Bāyervand) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Kansapuram (Tamil:கான்சாபுரம்) is a village in the foothills of the Western Ghats in Virudhunagar District Tamil Nadu India. It is located 2 kilometres south of Koomapatti and 7 kilometres west of Watrap. Kansapuram has road connections to the district headquarters of Southern Tamil Nadu including Madurai Virudhunagar and Tirunelveli. Tourist attractions such as Courtallam Madurai Kodaikanal and Tiruchendur are day trips from Kansapuram.
 Wólka Gieraszowska [ˈvulka ɡʲɛraˈʂɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łoniów 22 km (14 mi) west of Sandomierz and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Pınarlar is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Tangaleh (Persian: تنگله‎) is a village in Kahruyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lama-ye Olya (Persian: لماعليا‎ also Romanized as Lamā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 68 families.
 Hasanbegovci (Cyrillic: Хасанбеговци) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khokling is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 people living in 529 individual households.
 Parvathapur is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ghatkesar mandal.
 Arasarkulam Thenpathi (Tamil: அரசர்குளம் தென்பதி) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Deh Now (Persian: ده نو‎ also Romanized as Dehnow) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 47 families.
 Aleksandrówka [alɛksanˈdrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Belsk Duży 8 km (5 mi) west of Grójec and 44 km (27 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Plebania Wola [plɛˈbaɲa ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dębowa Kłoda 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Parczew and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tafacirga (or Tafasirga) is a village and commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune lies at the northeast corner of the Kayes Region with the Senegal River to the north forming the frontier with Mauritania and the River Falémé to the east forming the frontier with Senegal. In 2009 the commune had a population of 7491.
 The Incorporated Village of Cove Neck is a village located within the town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County New York United States. The population was 286 at the 2010 census.
 Janin [ˈjanin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bohok is a small village in the county of Kronoberg in Småland Sweden. Approx 5 people live in Bohok on a permanent basis whilst there are some more 10 persons living in Bohok during June–August.
 Polupalli is a village in Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu. It is located near the Krishnagiri River about 6 kilometres North-West of Krishnagiri on NH 7 also known as Hosur Road. It is 35 km (22 mi) from Hosur and 70 km (43 mi) from Bangalore.
 Podgorje (Serbian: Подгорје) is a village in the municipality of Banovići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Khaleseh Divani (Persian: خالصه ديواني‎ also Romanized as Khāleşeh Dīvānī and Khāleseh-Ye-Dīvānī) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Bristow is a village in Boyd County Nebraska United States. The population was 65 at the 2010 census down from 88 at the 2000 census.
 Dumariya is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3026 people living in 582 individual households.
 Kłudno [ˈkwudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zwiartów-Kolonia [ˈzvjartuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynice within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 39 families.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as 'Ḩasanābād and Hassanābād; also known as Hasan Abad Daroo’iyeh and Hassahābād) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 54 families.
 Beyg Nazar (Persian: بيگ نظر‎ also Romanized as Beyg Naz̧ar and Beyk Naz̧ar) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 969 in 228 families.
 Dudki [ˈdutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Częstochowa and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 86.
 Lingadipa is a village in Myinmu Township in the southeast of the Sagaing Division in Burma. It is located west of Myinmu near Allagappa on the northern bank of the Irrawaddy River. The village was occupied by the British Indian Army on 13–14 February 1944 during World War II.
 Czubajowizna [t͡ʂubajɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wołomin and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Ludwików [ludˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Sienno 8 km (5 mi) west of Lipsko and 127 km (79 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Cheshmeh Ali (Persian: چشمه علي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh ‘Alī Chashmeh ‘Alī and Chashmeh-ye ‘Alī; also known as Cheshmeh ‘Alā) is a village in Neyzar Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 59 families.
 Chmielno [ˈxmjɛlnɔ] (German: Ludwigsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lwówek Śląski and 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Biskupia 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Inowrocław and 35 km (22 mi) south of Toruń.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] (German: Borken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia)
 Żukowo [ʐuˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lima (Persian: ليما‎ also Romanized as Līmā) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 237 in 81 families.
 Pareh (Persian: پره‎) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 24 families.
 Kalachah (Persian: كلاچاه‎ also Romanized as Kalāchāh) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2362 in 678 families.
 Mahdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mahdīābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Telkwa is a village located along British Columbia Highway 16 nearly 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of the town of Smithers and 350 kilometres (220 mi) west of the city of Prince George in northwest British Columbia Canada.Settlement in the area began around 1904 in a townsite known as Aldermere on the hill above Telkwa. Around 1907 people began to move down the hill to be closer to water supplies and the anticipated route of the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway.
 Saheb Divan (Persian: صاحب ديوان‎ also Romanized as Şāḩeb Dīvān) is a village in Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 816 in 163 families.
 Gar Abdy (Persian: گر عبدئ‎ also Romanized as Gar ʿAbdy) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Naqdi Kandi (Persian: نقدي كندي‎ also Romanized as Naqdī Kandī; also known as Nogdi Kandī) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 24 families.
 Jijad (Persian: جيجاد‎ also Romanized as Jījād) is a village in Banaft Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Eskiyürük is a village in Aydıncık district of Mersin Province Turkey. Distance to Aydıncık is 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) and to Mersin is 185 kilometres (115 mi) . The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains not far from Mediterranean Sea (about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi)). The name of the village is a composite word; eski means old and Yürük refers to Turkmen people.
 Wierbka [ˈvjɛrpka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Pilica 22 km (14 mi) east of Zawiercie and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Reiu is a village in Tahkuranna Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Bonuiyeh (Persian: بونوييه‎ also Romanized as Bonūīyeh and Bonūeeyeh) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Eyüpoğlu Bartın is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 183 people.
 Paravakkottai (Tamil: பரவாக்கோட்டை ) is a village in the Mannargudi Taluk of Thiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India. It is surrounded by many Rivers Ponds Paddy and Banana fields. Paravakkottai consist of many streets like North street South street Middle street Thilagar Street Main Road street. The streets are elegantly arranged in such a manner that all the streets end in the river bed. The nearby town to the north is Mannargudi and south is Madukkur.
 Głębokie [ɡwɛmˈbɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Włodki [ˈvwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Repki 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 95 km (59 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Góra [ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Medynia Kańczucka [mɛˈdɨɲa kaɲˈt͡ʂut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kańczuga 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Przeworsk and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Huta Drewniana-Kolonia [ˈxuta drɛvˈɲana kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kobiele Wielkie 18 km (11 mi) east of Radomsko and 87 km (54 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gałki [ˈɡau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rusinów 10 km (6 mi) north of Przysucha and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Shahrak-e Askan Ashayir (Persian: شهرك اسكان عشاير‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Āskān ʿAshāyīr) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 24 families.
 Zacharzyn [zaˈxaʐɨn] (germ. Zachasberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Chodzież and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 704.
 Saghar is a village in Ghor Province Afghanistan. It is located at 33°42'0N 63°52'0E with an altitude of 2235 metres (7335 feet).
 Mangavi (Persian: منگاوي‎ also Romanized as Mangāvī; also known as Mankāvī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1934 in 459 families.
 Leiksaw is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Baghu Nallah is famous for its Gurudwara in the memory of great saints of Jammu and Kashmir Sant Mela Singh and Sant Rocha Singh .Every year large no of devotees come here to celebrate annual function in the memory of those great saints.
 Jowpish (Persian: جوپيش‎ also Romanized as Jowpīsh; also known as Jopīsh) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 61 families.
 Bjelajci (Serbian: Бјелајци) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Madar Nepal is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7247 people living in 1203 individual households.
 Łaszków [ˈwaʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Blizanów 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Kalisz and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 162.
 Kępina [kɛmˈpina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuliszków within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Tuliszków 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Turek and 100 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Birtipraskota is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2492 people living in 478 individual households.
 Popioły [pɔˈpjɔwɨ] (German: Popiollen also Pappiollen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Budry 14 km (9 mi) east of Węgorzewo and 107 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kwiatkowice [kfjatkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogdaniec within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bogdaniec and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 200.
 Golujeh-ye Yeddi Bolagh (Persian: گلوجه يدي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Golūjeh-ye Yeddī Bolāgh; also known as Golījeh-ye Yeddeh Bolāgh) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Makowiska [makɔˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nowy Żmigród 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Jasło and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Oraško Brdo (Cyrillic: Орашко Брдо) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Bardeghun (Persian: بردغون‎ also Romanized as Bardeghūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 6 families.
 Dash Band (Persian: داش بند‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Band) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Sharqi Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1801 in 353 families.
 Pluszkiejmy [pluʂˈkʲɛi̯mɨ] (Lithuanian: Varlynė) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dubeninki 11 km (7 mi) east of Gołdap and 141 km (88 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 177.
 Mariano Moreno (Neuquén) is a village and municipality in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 113 families.
 Jalirud (Persian: جليرود‎ also Romanized as Jalīrūd) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 25 families.
 Mali izvor is a village in the municipality of Tervel in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Świączynek [ɕfjɔnˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Nowe Kotlice [ˈnɔvɛ kɔtˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Sobków 11 km (7 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mazraeh va Tolombeh-ye Shahid Doktar Chamran (Persian: مزرعه وتلمبه شهيددكترچمران‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh va Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Doktar Chamrān) is a village in Khursand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 31 families.
 Kamkuiyeh (Persian: كمكوئيه‎ also Romanized as Kamkū’īyeh; also known as Kamgu’iyeh and Kemkūh) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 50 families.
 Wojny [ˈvɔi̯nɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Biała Piska 26 km (16 mi) east of Pisz and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 60.
 Nadalj (Serbian Cyrillic: Надаљ) is a village located in the Srbobran municipality in the South Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2202 people (2002 census).
 Smoluća Gornja is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Atarchi (Persian: اطارچي‎ also Romanized as Āṭārchī) is a village in Dughayi Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 7 families.
 Çokak is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Ab Anar Seyyed Nazer Hoseyni (Persian: آب انارسيدنظرحسيني‎ also Romanized as Āb Ānār Seyyed Naẓer Ḩoseynī) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Kozja Luka (Cyrillic: Козја Лука) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lužane is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 942 people.
 'Kangti or Kangiti is a village and mandal in the Medak district of Andhra Pradesh India.It is the most north-westerly mandal in Medak district. It is bounded by the Manoor Narayankhed and Kalher mandals of Medak district and the Bidar district of Karnataka state.
 Szydłówka [ʂɨdˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Łosice and 112 km (70 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Liyanwela Helagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kustrzyce [kusˈtʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sędziejowice 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Łask and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 250.
 Metsanurga Tartu County is a village in Haaslava Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Srokowski Dwór [srɔˈkɔfski ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jasień [ˈjaɕeɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Deh Bozorg-e Pereshkaft (Persian: ده بزرگ پراشكفت‎; also known as Pereshgaft Pīr Ashkān and Pīr Eshkaft) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 50 families.
 Agralinganahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Maddur taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 Nelugolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 İncirci is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Khunik-e Pain (Persian: خونيك پائين‎ also Romanized as Khūnīk-e Pā’īn; also known as Khūnīk Khonik Sofla Khūng Soflá and Khūnīk-e Soflá) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 65 families.
 Nowa Wieś Legnicka [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ lɛɡˈnit͡ska] (German: Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Legnickie Pole 8 km (5 mi) south of Legnica and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 560.
 Washington is a village in Washington County Nebraska United States. The population was 150 at the 2010 census.
 Sakadeh (Persian: سكده‎) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Zarat (Persian: ذرات‎ also Romanized as Z̄arāt and Zarāt) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 162 families.
 Bodzanowo Drugie [bɔd͡zaˈnɔvɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Grabów-Wójtostwo [ˈɡrabuf vui̯ˈtɔstfɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Grabów nad Prosną 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Hacımusalı is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 Sripurandan (South) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Złotniki [zwɔtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krzyżanów 9 km (6 mi) east of Kutno and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Guranabad-e Qazzaq (Persian: گوران ابادقزاق‎ also Romanized as Gūrānābād-e Qazzāq) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 26 families.
 Novoselishte (Bulgarian: Новоселище) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 187.979 kilometres (116.805 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 2.537 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 98 people.
 Stare Łubki [ˈstarɛ ˈwupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Młoteczno [mwɔˈtɛt͡ʂnɔ] (German: Hammersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Braniewo and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 295.
 Hirenarti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Tolombeh-ye Mahmudi (Persian: تلمبه محمودي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Maḥmūdī) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 12 families.
 Ariyallur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India. It is situated in Vallikkunnu Gramapanchayath and newly formed Vallikkunnu Legislative Assembly constituency.
 Hojjatabad (Persian: حجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād and Ḩojattābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 80 families.
 Zajęczniki [zajɛnt͡ʂˈɲikʲi] (Ukrainian: Заєчники Zayechnyky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Drohiczyn 9 km (6 mi) west of Siemiatycze and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Valy (Cheb District) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ayvacık is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey. As of 2000 it had a population of 40 people.
 Romanówka [rɔmaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Valgma is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Banka is a small village administered as part of Jang Bahadur Ganj village in Lakhimpur Kheri District Uttar Pradesh India.It is noted for its temple to the Goddess of English.
 Karakuyu is a village in the District of Seyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Hafeir al-Fouqa (Arabic: حفير الفوقا) is a Syrian village in the Al-Tall District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Hafeir al-Fouqa had a population of 3441 in the 2004 census.
 Raudla is a village in Tapa Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Clinton is a village in British Columbia Canada located approximately 40 km northwest of Cache Creek and 30 km south of 70 Mile House. It is considered by some to straddle the southern edge of the Cariboo country of British Columbia although others consider Ashcroft-Cache Creek Lillooet Savona Kamloops and even Lytton and Spences Bridge to be in the Cariboo. Clinton however does sit immediately below the southern edge of the Cariboo Plateau.
 Astan-e Karud (Persian: استانكرود‎ also Romanized as Āstān-e Karūd and Āstān Karūd; also known as Arsinkirūd Ashin Kirūd Āstānak Rūd and Āstāneh Karūd) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 24 families.
 Zangeneh-ye Sofla (Persian: زنگنه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zangeneh-ye Soflá; also known as Zangeneh and Zangeneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kamazan-e Olya Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 102 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Simorgh Vahad Shomareh-ye Yek (Persian: مزرعه سيمرغ واحدشماره 1‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sīmorgh Vāḩad Shomāreh-ye Yek) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tanalur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India. It falls under Tirur Taluk.
 Kajew [ˈkajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Krośniewice 15 km (9 mi) west of Kutno and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bard-e Now (Persian: بردنو‎; also known as Bardūnow) is a village in Ij Rural District in the Central District of Estahban County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 55 families.
 Kaczyce [kaˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęcław within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Zieluń [ˈʑeluɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Lubowidz 14 km (9 mi) north of Żuromin and 133 km (83 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 800.
 Naqaleh Kesh (Persian: نقله كش‎; also known as Naqadeh Kesh) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 50 families.
 Stare Miasto [ˈstarɛ ˈmjastɔ] (German: Altstadt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Dąbrówno 26 km (16 mi) south of Ostróda and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Mashi (Persian: ماشي‎ also Romanized as Māshī) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 29 families.
 Pacharukhi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 people living in 717 individual households.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Sorkwity 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Mrągowo and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gołocin [ɡɔˈwɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Chojnów 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Legnica and 76 kilometres (47 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Vellicode is a village located in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu India on National Highway 47 approximately 47 km south of Trivandrum [Nearest AirPort].
 Gonbad (Persian: گنبد‎) is a village in Chaman Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 37 families.
 Dębe Małe [ˈdɛmbɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Latowicz 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Hidaard is a small village in Littenseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 110 citizens (2004).
 Saulepa is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of Pärnu Bay (part of the Gulf of Riga). It has a population of 63 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Gromadzyn-Wykno [ɡrɔˈmad͡zɨn ˈvɨknɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kolno and 86 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 79.
 Hecznarowice [xɛt͡ʂnarɔˈvit͡sɛ] (vil. Hylciadüf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilamowice within Bielsko County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wilamowice 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Bielsko-Biała and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2316.
 Brzeście Nowe [ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Masahili is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Ostrów [ˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Tarłów 39 km (24 mi) north-east of Opatów and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 120.
 Alanguiyeh (Persian: النگوييه‎ also Romanized as Alangū’īyeh and Olangūyeh) is a village in Banestan Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Michałówka [mʲixaˈwufka] (Ukrainian: Михайлівка Mykhaylivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 87 km (54 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.In 2005 the village had a population of 120.
 Thansing is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5951 people living in 1020 individual households.
 Nimdangi (Persian: نيمدانگي‎ also Romanized as Nīmdāngī and Nīm Dāngī) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 6 families.
 Shasib Kola (Persian: شاسيبكلا‎ also Romanized as Shāsīb Kolā; also known as Shāseb Kolā and Shāyeb Kolā) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 35 families.
 Yeniyurt is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°38′N 34°07′E it is situated in the peneplane area of the Taurus Mountains. Distance to Erdemli is 26 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 62 kilometres (39 mi). The population of Yeniyurt was 262 as of 2011. The area around the village is full of Roman ruins including a castle and two bridges still used by the pedestrians. But ther village was founded during the Ottoman era.
 Blathur is a village in Kannur Kerala India located approximately 38 kilometres north-east of the district headquarters Kannur. The nearest town Irikkur is estimated to be 7 kilometres from the village itself. Blathur is situated in the Padiyoor Grama Panchayat in Taliparamba Taluk on the edge of an estimated 90 acre paddy field and is 169 meters above the sea level. This area is rich in laterite rocks and the main industry is based on laterite stone mining and agriculture.
 Hatamabad (Persian: حاتم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩātamābād) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 45 families.
 Band Jub-e Yek (Persian: بندجوب يِك‎ also Romanized as Band Jūb-e Yek; meaning Band Jub 1; also known as Band Jūb-e Shomareh Yek) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Kavus-e Hamdan (Persian: كاوس حمدان‎ also Romanized as Kāvūs-e Ḩamdān) is a village in Neysan Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lohara is a village in Kawardha tehsil Kawardha district Chhattisgarh India.
 Sukhachina is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2380 people living in 385 individual households.
 Chaqa Zard Baghi (Persian: چقازردباغي‎ also Romanized as Chaqā Zard Bāghī Cheqā Zard-e Bāghī and Choqā Zard-e Bāghī; also known as Cheqā Zard and Chīa Zard) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 11 families.
 Abtaf-e Olya (Persian: ابطاف عليا‎ also Romanized as Ābţāf-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ābţāf) is a village in Murmuri Rural District Kalat District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 18 families.
 Itaharwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3362 persons living in 562 individual households.
 Sennampatti is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Aemakazi is a village in Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Darneshan (Persian: دارنشان‎ also Romanized as Dārneshān) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Meydan-e Jigh-e Kuchak (Persian: ميدان جيغ كوچك‎ also Romanized as Meydān-e Jīgh-e Kūchak; also known as Meydān-e Jīq-e Kūchak) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Dwerniczek [dvɛrˈɲit͡ʂɛk] (Ukrainian: Дверничок Dvernychok) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lutowiska 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 70.
 Širijevići (Serbian: Ширијевићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Esenboğa Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Alankash (Persian: النكش‎ also Romanized as Ālankash; also known as Alangesh and Alankesh) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 33 families.
 Juzaqdan (Persian: جوزقدان‎ also Romanized as Jūzaqdān; also known as Jūzkhadūn) is a village in Bala Deh Rural District Beyram District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 87 families.
 Qateh (Persian: قطعه‎ also Romanized as Qaţ‘eh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Obornjača (Serbian Cyrillic: Оборњача Hungarian: Völgypart) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ada municipality in the North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority(93.31%) and its population numbering 389 people (2002 census).
 Darvian-e Olya (Persian: درويان عليا‎ also Romanized as Darvīān-e ‘Olyā and Darvīān ‘Olyā; also known as Darreh Veyān-e ‘Olyā Darreh Veyān-e Sheykh Darreh Vīān-e ‘Olyā Darreh Vīān-e Sheykh Aḩmad Darreh Vīān Sheykh-e Bālā Darreh Wiyān Darvīān-e Sheykh Aḩmad and Qareh Vīān) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 81 families.
 Kamarcheh-ye Olya (Persian: كمرچه عليا‎ also Romanized as Kamarcheh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 17 families.
 Woźniki [vɔʑˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Zapolice 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Zduńska Wola and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Radłowo [raˈdwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Strzałkowo 6 km (4 mi) north of Słupca and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 637 in 149 families.
 Marcinowice [mart͡ɕinɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kozłów 16 km (10 mi) north of Miechów and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 480.
 Iğdır is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 87 people.
 Pannaivayal is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sili is a village on the south side of Savai'i island in Samoa. Sili is situated inland unlike most villages in Samoa which are settlements by the sea. The village lies within the electoral constituency of Palauli.The people of Sili rely on subsistence agriculture for their livelihood. Due to its location away from the coast fishing has minimal impact on the village economy. The Sili river like most natural resources and land in Samoa is situated on traditional land owned by the village.
 Darreh Ahvazi (Persian: دره اهوازی‎ also Romanized as Darreh Ahvāzī; also known as Darreh Ahvāz) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Musaabad (Persian: موسي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād) is a village in Alvir Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 22 families.
 Chikkanadihalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Gauri is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2935 people living in 447 individual households.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Vahnabad Rural District in the Central District of Robat Karim County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 672 in 185 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Jadid (Persian: حسين آباد جديد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Jadīd; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 20 families.
 Galleh Peran (Persian: گله پران‎ also Romanized as Galleh Perān; also known as Golpīrān and Gūlah Pīrān) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 31 families.
 Sar Mowr (Persian: سرمور‎) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 8 families.
 Parisan (Persian: پريسان‎ also Romanized as Parīsān) is a village in Irafshan Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 11 families.
 Bharal is a village in District Bagpat in Uttar Pradesh India. It has population about 10000. Pin code of the area is 250622. Near by police station is in Doghat. This village is one of four villages group called Chaugama. Other villages are Daha Nirpura and Gahandpura or Gaidabra. It is Jat dominating village.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Fakhrābād) is a village in Sar Daq Rural District Yunesi District Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1672 in 429 families.
 Cornwall-on-Hudson is a riverfront village in Town of Cornwall Orange County New York. It lies on the west bank of the Hudson River about 50 miles north of New York City.The estimated population in 2010 was 3018. It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.
 Wind Point is a village in Racine County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1723 at the 2010 census.
 Chubeh (Persian: چوبه‎ also Romanized as Chūbeh Chūbah and Chubakh) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 21 families.
 Gelderswoude is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Zoeterwoude and lies about 5 km northeast of Zoetermeer.The statistical area Gelderswoude which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 90.
 Gurab (Persian: گوراب‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb) is a village in Garizat Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 27 families.
 Bingeç is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 98 people.
 Sahali (Persian: سهلي‎ also Romanized as Saḩalī and Sohlī; also known as Soheylī) is a village in Salakh Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1480 in 300 families.
 Hullambi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Mokhalefgah (Persian: مخالفگاه‎ also Romanized as Mokhālefgāh) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 28 families.
 Gholam Hoseyn Laghari (Persian: غلامحسين لاغري‎ also Romanized as Gholām Ḩoseyn Lāgharī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rohuküla is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia. It is a seaport connecting the mainland with the islands of Hiiumaa (Heltermaa port) and Vormsi (Sviby port). During winter there are two ice roads from the village to the two islands the one to Hiiumaa being Europe's longest ice road at 26.5km.
 Dowlatabad-e Olya (Persian: دولتابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Daulatābād and Dowlatābād) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 26 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Azhdari (Persian: مزرعه اژدري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Āzhdarī) is a village in Najmabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kalina Górecka [kaˈlina ɡuˈrɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Pierzchnica and 23 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Chotutice is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Gilas (Persian: گيلاس‎ also Romanized as Gīlās) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 5 families.
 Khosrow Basheh (Persian: خسروباشه‎ also Romanized as Khosrow Bāsheh) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 15 families.
 Wierzchowiska [vjɛʂxɔˈviska] (German: Hügelfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rogowo 13 km (8 mi) south of Rypin and 56 km (35 mi) east of Toruń.
 Bard-e Karkhaneh (Persian: بردكارخانه‎ also Romanized as Bard-e Kārkhāneh; also known as Bar-e Kārkhāneh) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 16 families.
 Stary Łajszczew [ˈstarɨ ˈwai̯ʂt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kremeni Do (Cyrillic: Кремени До) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Järtsaare is a village in Kolga-Jaani Parish Viljandi County in central Estonia. It's located about 6 km (4 mi) northwest of the administrative centre of the municipality Kolga-Jaani. According to Estonia Census 2000 the village had a population of 87.The northeastern half of the village territory is covered by Soosaare bog.
 Bartlewo [barˈtlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Chełmno and 28 km (17 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 280.
 Kelarak (Persian: كلارك‎ also Romanized as Kelārak) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 8 families.
 Chahar Rah-e Gashin (Persian: چهارراه گشين‎ also Romanized as Chahār Rāh-e Gashīn) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 10 families.
 Ain Dara (Arabic: عين دارة‎ also spelled Ayn Darah) is a small village in northern Syria administratively part of the Afrin District of the Aleppo Governorate located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Afrin to the north Karzahayel to the east and Bassouta to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Ain Dara had a population of 248 in the 2004 census.The modern-day settlement of Ain Dara is situated just east of the ancient Ain Dara temple.
 Yord-e Khalaf (Persian: يردخلف‎; also known as Yūrd-e Khalaf) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 128 families.
 Aydoğdu is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Abbasabad-e Sargorich (Persian: عباس ابادسرگريچ‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Sargorīch) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 Sar Asiab-e Bala (Persian: سراسياب بالا‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Bālā' also known as Sar Āsīāb Sar Āsīāb-e Farsangī Sar Āsīāb Farsangī Sar Āsīyāb Farsangī and Sar Āsyāb) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 17 families.
 Piotrówek [pjɔˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Bazuband (Persian: بازوبند‎ also Romanized as Bāzūband and Bāzū Band) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 584 in 132 families.
 Żabinko [ʐaˈbinkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Mosina and 23 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Karakuyu is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Kuruca is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ourovéni is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1068.
 Lock Springs is a village in Daviess County Missouri. The population was 57 at the 2010 census.
 Ćeralije is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D69 highway.
 Ağızörengüney is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 51 people.
 Bhasurari is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Kolki is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1892 people living in 354 individual households.
 Elamkulam is a village Perinthalmanna Taluk of Malappuram district in Kerala state.
 Bostanu (Persian: بستانو‎ also Romanized as Bostānū Bestanoo and Bustānu) is a village in Chah-e Mobarak Rural District Chah-e Mobarak District Asaluyeh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 969 in 171 families.
 Ornes or Urnes is a village in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on a small peninsula that juts out into the Lustrafjorden the innermost part of the Sognefjorden. The village sits on the east side of the fjord directly across the fjord from the village of Solvorn. Ornes is notable because it is the site of the 12th century Urnes Stave Church.There has been a regular ferry route from Ornes to Solvorn across the fjord since 1859.
 Wólka Kamienna [ˈvulka kaˈmjɛnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Zbuczyn 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Siedlce and 107 km (66 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Hanamapur (S.U.) is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Tanbaku Kar-e Ali (Persian: تنباكوكارعلي‎ also Romanized as Tanbākū Kār-e ʿAlī; also known as Tanbākū Kār-e Yek) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 6 families.
 Balam (Persian: بلم‎) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 5 families.
 Firth is a village in Lancaster County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 590 at the 2010 census.
 Tończa-Janówki [ˈtɔɲt͡ʂa jaˈnufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Lipno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 200.
 Sasalmari is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindhnur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Sarkan-e Sofla (Persian: سركان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sarkān-e Soflá; also known as Sarkān-e Pā‘īn) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Mansur (Persian: منصور‎ also Romanized as Manşūr and Mansoor) is a village in Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 103 families.
 Bagh Chaleh (Persian: باغ چله‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Chaleh and Bāghcheleh; also known as Baghjaleh Bāgh Shāleh Bōgh Shāleh and Dāq Shāleh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 119 families.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان آباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād; also known as Zabunābād) is a village in Kharturan Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 80 families.
 Chyliny [xɨˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 71 km (44 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Vrba is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 196 people.
 Cham Asiyab (Persian: چم اسياب‎ also Romanized as Cham Āsīyāb; also known as Chamāsiyāb) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 10 families.
 Bekahdan (Persian: بكهدان‎ also Romanized as Bekahdān; also known as Bekdūn and Qeshlāq) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 817 in 190 families.
 Przymiarki [pʂɨˈmjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Urszulin 33 km (21 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mohsenabad (Persian: محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qezelabad (Persian: قزل اباد‎ also Romanized as Qezelābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 22 families.
 Dudyn (Ukrainian: Дудин) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Honuj (Persian: هنوج‎ also Romanized as Honūj and Henuj; also known as Honū Honūk Huni and Hūtak) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 20 families.
 Khojpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3703 people living in 649 individual households.
 Buszkowo-Parcele [buʂˈkɔvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skulsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Marpha is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1630 people living in 434 individual households.The name itself reflects the mar meaning hard working and pha meaning people.
 Straszewo [straˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Straszewo; 1932-45: Dietrichsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Ryjewo 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 410.
 Khoshkedan-e Babakan (Persian: خشكدان بابكان‎ also Romanized as Khsohkedān-e Bābakān) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 24 families.
 Dumlu is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Alagiyamanavalam is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.Melaramanallur an island hamlet located amid kollidam river is a part of Alagiyamanavalam Revenue Village and Panchayat.
 Mathur is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Stružinec is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kaneye is a village and commune of the Cercle of Goudam in the Tombouctou Region of Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 2418.
 Bystřice (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Arriërveld is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is a part of the municipality of Ommen and lies about 18 km (11 mi) south of Hoogeveen.The statistical area Arriërveld which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 30.
 Klonowo [klɔˈnɔvɔ] (German: Klonau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south of Ostróda and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Porzeziny-Giętki [pɔʐɛˈʑinɨ ˈɡʲɛntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Grodzisk 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 20.
 Mokry Dwór [ˈmɔkrɨ ˈdvur] (meaning wet manor) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Before 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 380.
 Nieledew [ɲɛˈlɛdɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Hrubieszów and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1700.
 Rębowola [rɛmbɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Belsk Duży 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Grójec and 48 km (30 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Hałderze [xau̯ˈdɛʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gowmazi Saleh (Persian: گومازي صالح‎ also Romanized as Gowmāzī Şāleḩ; also known as Gūmāzī) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 28 families.
 Zagorzyce [zaɡɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów Małopolski within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sędziszów Małopolski 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Ropczyce and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3900.
 Uli (Persian: اولي‎ also Romanized as Uli and Evlī; also known as Owlá and Owlá Kandī) is a village in Esperan Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 778 in 197 families.
 Szulimán is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Wąsosz [ˈvɔ̃sɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Złotów and 103 km (64 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 130.
 Mory [ˈmɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 10 km (6 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Deh-e Shib (Persian: ده شيب‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Shīb and Deh Shīb; also known as Deh Shīr and Deh Sho’eyb) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 49 families.
 Jamrag-e Jonubi (Persian: جمرگ جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Jamrag-e Jonūbī; also known as Jamrak-e Jonūbī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gechalik (Persian: گچليك‎ also Romanized as Gechalīk) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 28 families.
 Hercezi is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gaz (Persian: گز‎) is a village in Qohestan Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 7 families.
 Basai is a village in Gurgaon Mandal in Gurgaon District in Haryana State in India. Basai is 4 km distance from its District main city Gurgaon and 282 km distance from its State main city Chandigarh.
 Strzelinko [stʂɛˈlinkɔ] (German Klein Strellin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 111 km (69 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area of Farther Pomerania where the village is located was part of Germany. After World War II the region became part of Poland.
 Kopina [kɔˈpina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Cyców 18 km (11 mi) east of Łęczna and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Różanystok [ruʐaˈnɨstɔk] is a village and former monastery in northeastern Poland known regionally for both its ornate 18th-century minor basilica and its agricultural magnet school. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dąbrowa Białostocka 27 km (17 mi) north of Sokółka and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dương Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Na Rì District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Qarah Naz (Persian: قره ناز‎ also Romanized as Qarah Nāz; also known as Qarehnāz) is a village in Chaman Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cerik (Serbian: Церик) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Uciechowice [ut͡ɕɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Branice 23 km (14 mi) south of Głubczyce and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Attanayakagammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kemba is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Garuda Bairiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1878 people living in 313 individual households. Today in 2012 the VDC has largely increased in size and its population has reached more than 10000 approximately. The village is divided into two areas: the bajar and the gaun.
 Chutabad (Persian: چوت اباد‎ also Romanized as Chūtābād) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 511 in 82 families.
 Osman Kola (Persian: عثمان كلا‎ also Romanized as ‘Os̄mān Kolā) is a village in Kelardasht-e Sharqi Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 42 families.
 Drogoszowice [drɔɡɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Schöneiche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Twardogóra 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 38 kilometres (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Vaskas (Persian: واسكس‎ also Romanized as Vāskas) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1014 in 275 families.
 Nowabad (Persian: نو آباد‎ also Romanized as Nowābād) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 37 families.
 Gornje Rataje (Serbian: Горње Ратаје) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 769 people.
 Pieszkowo [pjɛʂˈkɔvɔ] (German Petershagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Górowo Iławeckie 20 km (12 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Dakan (Persian: داكان‎ also Romanized as Dākān; also known as Dādkān and Dukkān) is a village in Ramand-e Shomali Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 985 in 274 families.
 Mechanicsburg is a village in Champaign County Ohio United States. The population was 1644 at the 2010 census.
 Jebreilan (Persian: جبرئيلان‎ also Romanized as Jebre’īlān Jabrā’īlān Jabrāyelān and Jabre‘īlān; also known as Jarailāl Jarallāl and Jūbarīlān) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 53 families.
 Bakla is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Allah Morad Khani (Persian: اله مرادخاني‎ also Romanized as Allāh Morād Khānī) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 562 in 104 families.
 Hashemabad (Persian: هاشم اباد‎ also Romanized as Hāshemābād; Kurdish: Hêşmava) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1024 in 184 families.All the people of the village are Kurds and speak Kurdish. Their main occupation is farming and cattle raising. A river called Barandoz Chay is running by the village. The villagers are Sunni Muslims.
 Dizaj-e Dowl (Persian: ديزج دول‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Dowl Dīzaj-e Dūl Dīzaj Dūl and Dīzaj-e Daowl; also known as Dīzaj and Dizeh) is a village in Dul Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 188 families.
 Beomužević is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 528 people.
 Grodzisk [ˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słońsk within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Qarah Aghaj (Persian: قره اغاج‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 61 families.
 Des Moines is a village in Union County New Mexico United States. The population was 143 at the 2000 census. It is located northeast of Sierra Grande a large shield volcano.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] (German: Schöngau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Babiak 19 km (12 mi) north of Koło and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 224.
 Shahrak-e Esteqlal (Persian: شهرك استقلال‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Esteqlāl; also known as Esteqlāl) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 79 families.
 Ulów-Kolonia [ˈuluf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Klwów 24 km (15 mi) north of Przysucha and 75 km (47 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 160.
 Łaz [was] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Zabór and 13 km (8 mi) east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 480.
 Arteh Bolagh (Persian: ارته بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Ārteh Bolāgh and Ārtah Bolāgh; also known as Ūrteh Bolāgh) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Nayeh (Persian: نايه‎ also Romanized as Nāyeh; also known as Nāḩīyeh) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 499 in 166 families.
 Østerlars is a village in the northeast of the Danish of Bornholm 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of Gudhjem and 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northwest of Østermarie. It is best known for its round church the largest on the island. As of 2014 it has a population of 249.
 Bukówka [buˈkufka] (German Bukau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 101 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. After the end of World War II the inhabitants were expelled. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 352.
 Cheqer (Persian: چقر‎) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kordkuy County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 34 families.
 Gogołowice [ɡɔɡɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Gugelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Milicz and 51 kilometres (32 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mukaj is a village in the municipality of Bërxullë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Kuklya is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Dąbrowa-Moczydły [dɔmˈbrɔva mɔˈt͡ʂɨdwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Szepietowo 9 km (6 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Siedlanów [ɕedˈlanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Radzyń Podlaski and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Yekanabad (Persian: يكن اباد‎ also Romanized as Yekanābād; also known as Yeganābād Yegnābād and Yengābād) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2824 in 691 families.
 Deymeh Kamar (Persian: ديمه كمر‎) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 8 families.
 Lachawa [laˈxava] (Ukrainian: Ляхава Liakhava) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Tyrawa Wołoska 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Sanok and 51 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Poederoijen is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Zaltbommel and lies about 9 km southeast of Gorinchem.Poederoijen was a separate municipality until 1955 when it was merged with Brakel.In 2001 the village of Poederoijen had 398 inhabitants.
 Majdan Kawęczyński [ˈmai̯dan kavɛnˈt͡ʂɨɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Piaski 10 km (6 mi) south of Świdnik and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 160.
 Neyzeh-ye Sofla (Persian: نيزه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Neyzeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 27 families.
 Port Sanilac is a village in Sanilac Township Sanilac County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 623 at the 2010 census.
 Kauchuk is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Yarali-ye Sofla (Persian: يارعلي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Yār‘alī-ye Soflá) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Seqehsay (Persian: سقه ساي‎ also Romanized as Seqehsāy; also known as Seqesāy) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 26 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 50 households used Seqehsay as their winter quarters.
 Balun (Persian: بالون‎ also Romanized as Bālūn) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 10 families.
 Qaleh Ji (Persian: قلعه جي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jī; also known as Qal‘eh Jeh Qal‘eh Ju and Qal‘eh Jū) is a village in Kusalan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1633 in 393 families.
 Sargar Dangah (Persian: سرگردنگاه‎ also Romanized as Sargar Dangāh; also known as Sargar Va Zīrgar) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 Charnowo [xarˈnɔvɔ] (German: Ostenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Płoty 8 km (5 mi) east of Gryfice and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Lijin (Persian: ليجين‎ also Romanized as Lījīn; also known as Legīn Lejen Lejīn and Lidzhim) is a village in Sina Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 49 families.
 Pieńki-Żaki [ˈpjɛɲki ˈʐaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Andrzejewo 24 km (15 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Pruszynek [pruˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 245.
 Svartnes is a small village and port in Vardø Municipality Finnmark county Norway. It is located on the mainland of the Varanger Peninsula across the Bussesundet strait from the island of Vardøya where the town of Vardø is located. Svartnes has a large harbor and port protected by a large breakwater. The Vardø Airport Svartnes is also located here.
 Komorowo [kɔmɔˈrɔvɔ] (German: Kämmersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łukta 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has an approximate population of 190.
 Appikatla is a village in Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is on the main rail road between Vijayawada and Chennai. It is also on the main bus route of GBC (Guntur-Bapatla-Chirala) road.Appikatla has been known for Political Activism Fine Arts Literature and Sports. It is one of the villages in Guntur district where the importance of education was recognized very early (even before Independence). It is a farming community but a well educated one.
 Kiva is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.The southwestern part of the Rutja Airfield is located on the territory of Kiva.
 Ajlal (Persian: اجلال‎ also Romanized as Ājlāl) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Podlesie Duże [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Gujar (Persian: گوجر‎ also Romanized as Gūjar) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sówka [ˈsufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Berenji (Persian: برنجي‎ also Romanized as Berenjī) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wola Więcławska [ˈvɔla vjɛnt͡sˈwafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Zdelov is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Boyalı is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Podgrađe is a village in Zagorje Croatia.
 Wizna [ˈvizna] is a village in Łomża County of Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. The Biebrza River flows through town. Wizna is also known for the battle of Wizna which took place in its vicinity during the 1939 Invasion of Poland. At present farming and food production are the primary sources of income for the residents. The food production by private farms provides favorable conditions for the development of processing industry.Wizna has a remarkably rich history.
 Strand is a village in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the island of Hinnøya at the eastern end of the Sortland Bridge which crosses the Sortlandsundet strait and connects to the town of Sortland on Langøya island. It is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the village of Sigerfjord. The 0.37-square-kilometre (91-acre) village has a population (2011) of 534. The population density is 1443 inhabitants per square kilometre (3740 /sq mi).
 Khumjung (Nepali: खुम्जुंग) is a village and Village Development Committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal.It had a population of 900 people living in 200 individual households.It is located in the Khumbu region inside Sagarmatha National Park a world heritage site.
 Narayana-puram is a small village located in Bonakal Mandal Khammam district with a population of 1494 according to 2001 census
 Wygranka [vɨˈɡranka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Dar Chaliti (Persian: درچليتي‎ also Romanized as Dar Chalītī) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shamsir (Persian: شمسير‎ also Romanized as Shamsīr) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 53 families.
 Rah Chaman (Persian: راه چمن‎ also Romanized as Rāh Chaman) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1372 in 368 families.
 Sheykhlan (Persian: شيخلان‎ also Romanized as Sheykhlān) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 20 families.
 Bychlew [ˈbɨxlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Pabianice and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 820.
 Bashmaq (Persian: باشماق‎ also Romanized as Bāshmāq) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 57 families.
 Ravna Gora is a village in the municipality of Avren in Varna Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Kukavice (Serbian: Кукавице) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Bandar-e Band-e Moallem (Persian: بندربندمعلم‎ also Romanized as Bandar-e Band-e Mo‘allem; also known as Band-e Mavālīm Band-e Mo‘allem Band-i-Mu‘allim and Band Mo‘allem) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1086 in 234 families.
 Mowtowr-e Duazdeh Bahman (Persian: موتوردوازده بهمن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Davāzdah Bahman) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 14 families.
 Jigh Jigh (Persian: جيغ جيغ‎ also Romanized as Jīgh Jīgh; also known as Jīq Jīq and Qeshlāq-e Jīgh Jīgh) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 16 families.
 Grabno [ˈɡrabnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Sędziejowice 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Łask and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź. Its climate is very humid all year long.
 Gujjar is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil. The village gets its name from the Gujjar tribe who make up the majority of the population.
 Dalimierz [daˈlimjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Polanów 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 157 km (98 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Kodiyalam is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Hoseynabad-e Kamal al Malek (Persian: حسين ابادكمال الملك‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kamāl āl Maleḵ; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Kamāl) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 Seyyed Nazar (Persian: سيدنظر‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Naz̧ar; also known as Seyyed Nāşer) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Mardekheh-ye Kuchek (Persian: مردخه كوچك‎ also Romanized as Mardekheh-ye Kūchek; also known as Mardakha Mardakheh and Mardekheh) is a village in Tulem Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 44 families.
 Gardan Taq (Persian: گردن طاق‎ also Romanized as Gardan Ţāq; also known as Gardaneh Ţāqā and Takht-e Kāshān) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 67 families.
 Çanıllı is a village in the District of Ayaş Ankara Province Turkey.
 Piaseczno [pjaˈsɛt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Warka 24 km (15 mi) east of Grójec and 47 km (29 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 330.
 Arzaneh (Persian: ارزنه‎) is a village in Bakharz Rural District in the Central District of Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3574 in 815 families.
 Rahim Hatami-ye Do (Persian: رحيم حاتم دو‎ also Romanized as Raḥīm Hātami-ye Do meaning Rahim Hatami 2) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Shesh Marund (Persian: شش ماروند‎ also Romanized as Shesh Mārūnd; also known as Shesh Mārūd) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Małachowo [mawaˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Hog Harbour is a village in the island of Espiritu Santo in Vanuatu.It is located in northeast Santo in close proximity to Port Olry village.
 Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. The village has a population of 1000. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Brójce and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sari Su (Persian: ساري سو‎ also Romanized as Sārī Sū; also known as Sarasu) is a village in Chaybasar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 42 families.
 Donja Paklenica (Serbian: Доња Пакленица) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ingaleshwar is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Basavana Bagevadi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.Ingaleshwar is the birthplace of Shri Basaveshwara (Basavanna) the 12th century Saint.
 Notyst Mały [ˈnɔtɨst ˈmawɨ] (German: Klein Notisten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mrągowo and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 ' Keelakuruchi is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Cangrejillos is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Akağaç is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1190 people.
 Stodółki [stɔˈduu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Czersk 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 81 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 88.
 Kołczyn-Kolonia [ˈkɔu̯t͡ʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Budy Polskie [ˈbudɨ ˈpɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 3.
 Łady [ˈwadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Iłów 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Sochaczew and 65 km (40 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Kuleszówka [kulɛˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Piaseczno and 19 km (12 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Martinton is a village in Martinton Township Iroquois County Illinois United States. The population was 375 at the 2000 census.
 Abeuk is a village in Ann Township in the Rakhine State of western Burma. It is located approximately 120 kilometres east of Sittwe. It lies in the Arakan Roma mountain range.
 Bustan-e Kuchek (Persian: بوستان كوچك‎ also Romanized as Būstān-e Kūchek) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 18 families.
 Gamerki Małe [ɡaˈmɛrki ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Gemmern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Kronin [ˈkrɔnin] (German: Alt Krönau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Pasłęk 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 120.
 Mazres (Persian: مزرس‎) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 490 in 126 families.
 Sij-e Jadid (Persian: سيج جديد‎ also Romanized as Sīj-e Jadīd; also known as Sīch) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 24 families.
 Aghutman (Persian: اغوتمان‎ also Romanized as Āghūtmān) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 63 families.
 Ittiva is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Radosty [raˈdɔstɨ] (German: Ottendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Barczewo and 18 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Qilan (Persian: قيلان‎ also Romanized as Qīlān) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 415 in 83 families.
 Bask (Persian: بسك‎ also Romanized as Basak; also known as Mīndogū) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 83 families.
 Eshaqvand-e Sofla (Persian: اسحق وندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Esḩāqvand-e Soflá; also known as Esḩāqvand ‘Īsá Khān-e Pā’īn ‘Īsá Khān-e Soflá and Issakvān) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 28 families.
 Kaliyoor is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Koronka [kɔˈrɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 106 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 90.
 Naranpanawa Egodagammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bukowice [bukɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeg Dolny within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Brzeg Dolny 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wołów and 28 kilometres (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Świątkowizna [ɕfjɔntkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Perły [ˈpɛrwɨ] (German: Perswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tarkulaha is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of Southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3290 people living in 533 individual households.
 Chah-e Khoda Bakhsh (Persian: چاه خدابخش‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Khodā Bakhsh) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1812 in 352 families.
 Kamariku is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Sar Kamareh (Persian: سركمره‎) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 4 families.
 Babići (Gračanica) is a village in the municipality of Gračanica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Trstěnice is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 15.49km² and as of 2006 it had a population of 359.
 Chełmce [ˈxɛu̯mt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Opatówek 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 116 km (72 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 900.
 Tasuj (Persian: طسوج‎ also Romanized as Ţasūj and Tasooj; also known as Tasūch) is a village in Tasuj Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5814 in 1243 families.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 5 families.
 Sehtolan (Persian: سه تلان‎ also Romanized as Sehtolān) is a village in Dadin Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 55 families.
 Tammemäe is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Janów [ˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Stare Babice 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Warsaw.In 2010 the village had a population of 383.
 Shivhar is a village in East Champaran district of Bihar state India.
 Mowtowr-e Hajji Qanbari Chah Hasan (Persian: موتورحاجي قنبري چاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Qanbarī Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 13 families.
 Anauktaw is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Tahtayazı Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Taher Deh (Persian: طاهرده‎ also Romanized as Ţāher Deh) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 598 in 142 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Abu ol Hasan (Persian: مزرعه ابوالحسن‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Abū ol Ḩasan) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Doğançam is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Phaktep is a village development committee in Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3601.
 Karan-e Sofla (Persian: كران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Karān-e Soflá and Karān Soflá; also known as Ashāghi Karan Karān-e Pā’īn Karrān Karrān-e Pā’īn Karrān-e Vasaţ Kerān-e Pā’īn and Kerān Pā’īn) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 12 families.
 Sookatse is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Książ [kɕɔ̃ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Chodel 14 km (9 mi) east of Opole Lubelskie and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Brod Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Divan Morad-e Olya (Persian: ديوان مرادعليا‎ also Romanized as Dīvān Morād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Zīārat-e Dīvān Morād-e Bālā and Zīārat-e Dīvān Morād ‘Olyā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 16 families.
 Braćak is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 230 people.
 Moradlu (Persian: مرادلو‎ also Romanized as Morādlū) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 645 in 167 families.
 Alao is a village on the narrow east coast of Tutuila Island American Samoa. It is located close to the island's easternmost point just to the north of Aunu'u Island.
 Sekham is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4661 people living in 773 individual households.
 Daliowa [daˈlʲɔva] (Ukrainian: Далева Daleva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaśliska within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Dukla 27 km (17 mi) south of Krosno and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Chapaqan (Persian: چپقان‎ also Romanized as Chapaqān; also known as Chayaqān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 99 families.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Rahmat Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 54 families.
 Siah Shir (Persian: سياه شير‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Shīr and Seyāh Shīr; also known as Sīāh Shīr-e ‘Olyā and Sīyāh Seīr) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 745 in 118 families.
 Grzymały [ɡʐɨˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kosów Lacki 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Poliksy [pɔˈliksɨ] (German: Polixen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dzierzgoń 16 km (10 mi) east of Sztum and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Agnihal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administraively it is under Gonal panchayat village Shahapur Taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka.
 Alaginayagipuram is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Mazraeh-ye Ebrahim Jahangiri (Persian: مزرعه ابراهيم جهانگيري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ebrāhīm Jahāngīrī) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Taraz Kuh (Persian: طرازكوه‎ also Romanized as Ţarāz Kūh and Taraz Kooh; also known as Tarazku) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 793 in 205 families.
 Kiviloo is a village in Raasiku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Behkandan (Persian: بهكندان‎ also Romanized as Behkandān and Boḩkandān; also known as Būkandān) is a village in Darjazin-e Sofla Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1010 in 241 families.
 Chulalu (Persian: چوللو‎ also Romanized as Chūlalū) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 85 families.
 Grabiszyce Górne [ɡrabiˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] (German: Ober Gerlachsheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Leśna 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Lubań and 130 kilometres (81 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nam Kul (Persian: نام کول‎ also Romanized as Nām Kūl; also known as ʿAbdāl ʿAlī Karīmī Nām Kūl-e ‘Olyā and Nūn Kūl) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 724 in 151 families.
 Grzegorzowice Małe [ɡʐɛɡɔʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Iwanowice and 23 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Krępnica [krɛmpˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 km (4 mi) north of Bolesławiec and 106 km (66 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 240.
 Jaruga (Cyrillic: Јаруга) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kõrkküla Tartu County is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Dumy [ˈdumɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy within Lubaczów County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Podkomorzyce [pɔtkɔmɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German Niemietzke 1938-1945 Puttkamerhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Czarna Dąbrówka 26 km (16 mi) north of Bytów and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 138.
 Williamsville is a village in Erie County New York in the United States. The population was 5300 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Jonas Williams an early settler. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.Williamsville is located mostly within the town of Amherst but Creek Road and Creek Heights in the south part of the village (near the Wehrle Drive underpass of the New York State Thruway) are in the town of Cheektowaga.
 Chehel Hesar (Persian: چهل حصار‎ also Romanized as Chehel Ḩeşār) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1396 in 321 families.
 Trzebienice [tʂɛbjɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gołcza 13 km (8 mi) west of Miechów and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 280.
 Sar Tang-e Kuchak (Persian: سرتنگ كوچك‎ also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Kūchak; also known as Sar Tang-e Soflá) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 23 families.
 Padeh-ye Bid (Persian: پده بيد‎ also Romanized as Padeh-ye Bīd) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 34 families.
 Ashkestan (Persian: اشكستان‎ also Romanized as Ashkestān and Ashkastān) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dziekanów Bajkowy [d͡ʑeˈkanuf bai̯ˈkɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Łomianki 17 km (11 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Puusepa is a village in Lasva Parish Võru County in southern Estonia.
 Nasrabad (Persian: ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāṣrābād; also known as Nāṣīrābād and Dīzū) is a village in Meshgin-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 21 families.
 Roda is a village and one of the 51 Union Councils of Khushab District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Khushab Tehsil and is located at 32°4'26N 72°5'60E lying to the southwest of Khushab City.
 Wójtowizna [vui̯tɔˈvizna] (German: Vogtshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Pasłęk 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kiełczawa [kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂava] (Ukrainian: Кельчава Kel’chava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Baligród 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Lesko and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kangari (Persian: كنگري‎ also Romanized as Kangarī) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 26 families.
 İsmailağatolu Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Strond is a former village in the north of the town Klaksvík at the sound of Haraldssund in the Faroe Islands.It is situated on Borðoy at the dam combining Borðoy and Kunoy. Since 1930 no people have lived there. There is a power plant there first made as a water power plant but later it was expanded with a diesel power plant. Sund was first time mentioned in old documents in 1584.
 Arab al-Nufay'at was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 10 1948. It was located 45 km south of Haifa.The population in 1945 was 820.
 Çağlayan is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Çatak is a village in the Saimbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Bonju (Persian: بنجو‎ also Romanized as Bonjū) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District Delvar District Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 595 in 134 families.
 Lewellen is a village in Garden County Nebraska United States. The population was 224 at the 2010 census.
 Vũ Loan is a commune (xã) and village in Na Rì District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Veliko Dvorište (Serbian: Велико Двориште) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pidariya is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3786 people living in 676 individual households.
 Shah Mokhtar (Persian: شاه مختار‎ also Romanized as Shāh Mokhtār; also known as Mokhtār and Shāh Mokhtār-e Soflá) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 21 families.
 Chah-e Palami (Persian: چاه پلمي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Palamī) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 13 families.
 Qeshlaq-e Ayyub Gikalu (Persian: قشلاق ايوب گيكلو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Āyyūb Gīkalū) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 13 families.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎; also known as Deh-i-Nau) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 508 in 130 families.
 Girichauka is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3320 living in 616 individual households.
 Sheykh Zangi (Persian: شيخ زنگي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Zangī and Sheikh Zangi; also known as Shevkh Rangī) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chilaunebas is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3167 people living in 635 individual households.
 Hommerts (West Frisian: De Hommerts) is a small village in Wymbritseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 611 citizens (2006) it forms together with Jutrijp the double village De Hommerts-Jutryp.
 Odrowąż [ɔˈdrɔvɔ̃ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wielgomłyny 20 km (12 mi) east of Radomsko and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 110.
 Qaleh-ye Gabri (Persian: قلعه گبري‎ also Romanized as Qal`eh-ye Gabrī; also known as Qalehgabra) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 20 families.
 Dulabkan (Persian: دولابکان‎ also Romanized as Dūlābkān) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 73 families.
 Rudziczka [ruˈd͡ʑit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suszec within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Suszec 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Pszczyna and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2000.
 Sierpowo [ɕerˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Czarne 26 km (16 mi) west of Człuchów and 136 km (85 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 187.
 Chalno [ˈxalnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Topólka 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 61 km (38 mi) south of Toruń.
 Telvar (Persian: تلوار‎ also Romanized as Telvār) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 85 families.
 Muir is a village in Lyons Township Ionia County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 604 at the 2010 census.
 Węgry [ˈvɛnɡrɨ] (German Wengern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Turawa and 11 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 800.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād; also known as Qezel Dang) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 23 families.
 Naran (Persian: نران‎ also Romanized as Narān and Narrān) is a village in Naran Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 649 in 191 families.
 Chah-e Bey Bey Ali (Persian: چاه بي بي علي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Bey Bey ʿAlī) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dziękonie [d͡ʑenˈkɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Shojailu (Persian: شجايلو‎ also Romanized as Shojā'īlū and Shojā‘ī Lū) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 79 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 80 households used Shojailu as their winter quarters.
 Węgrzynów [vɛŋˈɡʐɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Chruszczewka Szlachecka [xruʂˈt͡ʂɛfka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chah Kandeh (Persian: چاه كنده‎ also Romanized as Chāh Kandeh and Chāhkandeh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 8 families.
 Dash Bolagh (Persian: داش بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh; also known as Dāshbūlāghī Dash-Bulagi and Dāshbulāqi) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Markazi Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aleksandrovac is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 71 people. Big-serving tennis ace Ivo Karlović has a familial connection with the village and used to practice at the small court which was once was located there whilst staying with relatives. Unfortunately the court has since been demolished after falling into disrepair and becoming a haunt for drug users and other undesirables.
 Dashtak (Persian: دشتك‎) is a village in Dorudzan Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2109 in 542 families.
 Radziłów [raˈd͡ʑiwuf] is a village (formerly a town) in Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina an administrative district called Gmina Radziłów. It lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) south of Grajewo and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok. In 2007 the village had a population of 1267.
 Kalleri is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7848 and had 1433 houses in it.
 Çavuşlu is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains to the east of Turkish state highway D.750. The distance to Tarsus is 35 kilometres (22 mi) and to Mersin is 65 kilometres (40 mi). The population of the village was 318 as of 2011. The main agricultural product of the village is grape.
 Zaborowo [zabɔˈrɔvɔ] (German: Saborowen (1938-45: Reichenwalde)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kalinowo 16 km (10 mi) east of Ełk and 138 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Burchard is a village in Pawnee County Nebraska United States. The population was 82 at the 2010 census.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Abreis Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 27 families.
 Antwerp is a village in Jefferson County New York United States. The population was 686 at the 2010 census.The Village of Antwerp is in center of the Town of Antwerp and is northwest of Watertown.
 Maciejów [maˈt͡ɕejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Siennica Różana 16 km (10 mi) east of Krasnystaw and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Łochów 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 290.
 Beşkonak is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 223 people.
 Miłowice [miwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadowa Kłoda within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Dziadowa Kłoda 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Oleśnica and 44 kilometres (27 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Vaki Kola (Persian: واكي كلا‎ also Romanized as Vākī Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 67 families.
 Ketayapatana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Teklimyśl [tɛˈklimɨɕl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Krzywiń 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Kościan and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Humand (Persian: هومند‎ also Romanized as Hūmand) is a village in Chashm Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Toruniak [tɔˈruɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lubowidz 10 km (6 mi) north of Żuromin and 128 km (80 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Abu ol Kheyr (Persian: ابوالخير‎ also Romanized as Abū ol Kheyr) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 48 families.
 Hamzehabad (Persian: حمزه آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamzehābād) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 495 in 84 families.
 Heggere is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Wilków [ˈvilkuf] (German: Wolfsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja within Złotoryja County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Złotoryja and 78 kilometres (48 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 2000.
 Sudół [ˈsuduu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Działoszyce 20 km (12 mi) south of Pińczów and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mazraeh-ye Sadeqabad (Persian: مزرعه صادق آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Şādeqābād) is a village in Khobriz Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Kalur Karim (Persian: كلوركريم‎ also Romanized as Kalūr Karīm) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Dibak (Persian: ديبك‎ also Romanized as Dībak) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 26 families.
 Gawieniańce [ɡavjɛˈɲaɲt͡sɛ] (Lithuanian: Gavieniškiai) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania.
 Sheykh Saleh Qandi (Persian: شيخ صالح قندي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Şāleḩ Qandī) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 518 in 98 families.
 Dowiaty [dɔˈvjatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Budry 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Węgorzewo and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Wójtówka [vui̯ˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sochaczew and 49 km (30 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 Nanzalu is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Lashsar (Persian: لش سر‎) is a village in Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 36 families.
 Soline is a small Croatian village on the island of Dugi otok. It is divided in two: Bura and Japar located on Solišćica Luka Bay. The village was named after the old salt pans that are in the bay.Soline was first mentioned in documents that date back to 1114 C.E. making it one of the oldest settlements on Dugi otok.
 Łany [ˈwanɨ] (Ukrainian: Лани Lany) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnystaw within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Krasnystaw and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Crnovce is a village in the municipality of Trgovište in southeastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 136 people.
 Aq Bolagh (Persian: آق بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Āq Bolāgh and Āqbolāgh; also known as Al Bolāgh Al Bulāq and Āqbolāq) is a village in Kowleh Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 41 families.
 Pipalmadi is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3853 people living in 552 individual households.
 Waśniów [ˈvaɕɲuf] is a village in Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Waśniów. It lies in historic Lesser Poland approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 460.Waśniów is one of the oldest villages in the area.
 Przedwarężyn [pʂɛdvaˈrɛ̃ʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Siewierz 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Będzin and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Kitnowo [kitˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gruta within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Badeh (Persian: باده‎ also Romanized as Bādeh; also known as Bādeh-ye Ābestān and Bādeh-e Bostān) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 557 in 113 families.
 Borysławka [bɔrɨˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Fredropol 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Banam Rud (Persian: بنمرود‎ also Romanized as Banam Rūd) is a village in Zohan Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 429 in 101 families.
 Sint Maarten (West Frisian: Simmer) is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Schagen and lies about 15 km north of Alkmaar.Sint Maarten was a separate municipality until 1990 when it was merged with Harenkarspel. Harenkarspel merged with Schagen in 2013.In 2001 the village of Sint Maarten had 796 inhabitants.
 Kohneh Bahrami (Persian: كهنه بهرامي‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Bahrāmī) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 34 families.
 Kartlewko [karˈtlɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Honameh (Persian: هنامه‎ also Romanized as Honāmeh; also known as Honāmeh-ye Bozorg and Honnāmeh-ye Bozorg) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 318 in 86 families.
 Man Pang is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Paąžuolė is a village in Kaniavos eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 25 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 13.The village was likely established at the end of the 18th century after the massive forest cuts.The meaning of Paąžuolė is under the oak.
 Barrat Qisarya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on May 15 1948. Today traces of walls glass marble fragments and pottery fragments in the sand dunes are visible. It was located 32 km southwest of Haifa.
 Wolnica Grabowska [vɔlˈnit͡sa ɡraˈbɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Burzenin 18 km (11 mi) south of Sieradz and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 107.
 Balqoli-ye Bala (Persian: بلقلي بالا‎ also Romanized as Balqolī-ye Bālā; also known as Balqolī Bolāghī-ye Now Bolāghī Now and Bolaqlī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szlasy-Łozino [ˈʂlasɨ wɔˈʑinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Zangi Choqa (Persian: زنگي چقا‎ also Romanized as Zangī Choqā) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 48 families.
 Zakęcie [zaˈkɛnt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otyń within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Otyń 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Nowa Sól and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
 Bahar ol Gharib (Persian: بحرالغريب‎ also Romanized as Baḩar ol Gharīb) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darvand (Persian: داروند‎ also Romanized as Dārvand) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Leitebakk is a small village on the island of Godøya in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southeast of the isolated village of Alnes where Alnes Lighthouse is located. Leitebakk is located at the end of the undersea Godøy Tunnel that connects the island to the neighboring island of Giske.
 Palo Negro is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Orzechówka [ɔʐɛˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Bodzentyn and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 210.
 Świące [ˈɕfjɔnt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łowicz and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Deh Gharati (Persian: ده غارتي‎ also Romanized as Deh Ghāratī; also known as Gharati) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 10 families.
 Varnamad (Persian: ورنمد‎ also Romanized as Varnemad and Varne‘mat; also known as Varnamad-e Soflá) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 30 families.
 Muppalla is a village and a mandal (administrative division roughly equivalent to a US county) in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. The Swami Jagannadha temple is a point of interest.
 Kal Matali (Persian: كل متلي‎ also Romanized as Kal Matalī and Kal Matlī; also known as Lātīdān) is a village in Gachin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1589 in 325 families.
 Pányok is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Triigi is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Thakre is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9065 .It is located with-in 2 hour of driving from the capital city Kathmandu. This village is surrounded by Mahesh Khola(kawalpur) Naubase Mati Khola(Tasharpu) Aagrakhola(Bhumesthan). Most of the peoples are farmers and some of them are factory worker. Beside of being near to capital city this village have only three high school.
 Palvere is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Morsko [ˈmɔrskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krosno Odrzańskie and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 30.
 Tchórzno [ˈtxuʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Trzcińsko-Zdrój 40 km (25 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kosew [ˈkɔsɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) northeast of Świnice Warckie 14 km (9 mi) west of Łęczyca and 45 km (28 mi) northwest of the regional capital Łódź.
 New York Mills is a village in Oneida County New York USA. The population was 3327 at the 2010 census.The Village of New York Mills is partly in the Town of Whitestown and partly in the Town of New Hartford. It is a western suburb of the City of Utica.
 Mudalcheri is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Jaśki [ˈjaɕki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Raczki 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Suwałki and 97 km (60 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq and Qishlāq) is a village in Meyami Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 17 families.
 Lichenek [liˈxɛnɛk] (German: Klagenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Babiak 13 km (8 mi) north of Koło and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Veeranakavu is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Gornje Leviće is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 138 people.
 Sowia Góra [ˈsɔvja ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Międzychód and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 20.
 Posht-e Darband (Persian: پشت دربند‎) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 22 families.
 Jermenovci (Serbian: Jermenovci or Јермeновци; Hungarian: Ürményháza; German: Ürmenhausen) is a village located in the Plandište municipality in the South Banat District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority (69.11%).
 Tymowa [tɨˈmɔva] (German: Thiemendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ścinawa 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Lubin and 61 kilometres (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 860.
 Harpur is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Hemmige is a small village located near the Indian city of Mysore. The village was once home to a sizable population but now consists of less than 30 households. On the banks of the river Cauvery this village is the site of one of the oldest temples of Lord Varadaraja one of the forms of Vishnu.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Koleyn Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 11 families.
 Wola Zofiowska [ˈvɔla zɔˈfjɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Gnojno 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Nowa Pogorzel [ˈnɔva pɔˈɡɔʐɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village had a population of 225 in 2008.
 Łochyńsko [wɔˈxɨɲskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) east of Rozprza 12 km (7 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hashtadan (Persian: هشتادان‎ also Romanized as Hashtādān; also known as Hashtādom and Hashtādūn) is a village in Jowshan Rural District Golbaf District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 58 families.
 Qaleh Juq (Persian: قلعه جوق‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jūq) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 7 families.
 Vastemõisa is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish Viljandi County in central Estonia. It has a population of 435 (as of 2009). Until 2005 when Vastemõisa Parish was merged to Suure-Jaani Parish Vastemõisa was the administrative centre of Vastemõisa Parish.
 Yek Borji (Persian: يك برجي‎ also Romanized as Yek Borjī) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 families consisting of a total of 82 individuals.
 Siah Kuh (Persian: سياه كوه‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kūh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wiktorowo [viktɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Dunning is a village in Blaine County Nebraska United States. The population was 103 at the 2010 census.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Strachowice [straxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Pieczyn [ˈpjɛt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Złotów and 109 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 40.
 Klonowy Dwór [klɔˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] (German Höfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.The village has a population of 180.
 Kamp-e Abbas (Persian: كمپ عباس‎ also Romanized as Kamp-e ‘Abbās) is a village in Julaki Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 11 families.
 Kal Kabud (Persian: كل كبود‎ also Romanized as Kal Kabūd; also known as Gol Kabūd) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 534 in 130 families.
 Wojciechów [vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕexuf] (German Albrechtsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Olesno and 42 km (26 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Bollapalle is a village and a Mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Arb Gardan (Persian: اربع گردن‎ also Romanized as Arbʿ Gardan; also known as Arbūgardān) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Trzebiechów and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra.
 Szczawin Kościelny [ˈʂt͡ʂavin kɔɕˈt͡ɕelnɨ] is a village in Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Szczawin Kościelny. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 96 km (60 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Elbląg and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Qarah Tappeh (Persian: قره تپه‎ also Romanized as Qareh Tappeh; also known as Kara-Tappekh and Qaratepe) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 94 families.
 Radacz [ˈradat͡ʂ] (German: Raddatz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Borne Sulinowo 10 km (6 mi) west of Szczecinek and 134 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Zajezierze [zajɛˈʑɛʐɛ] (German: Schönwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Łobez and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Borowy Młyn [bɔˈrɔvɨ ˈmwɨn] (Kashubian: Bòrowy Młin) is a village in Gmina Lipnica Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Bytów and 60 km (37 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 621.
 Cheshmeh Puneh (Persian: چشمه پونه‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Pūneh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 66 families.
 Meleh Abgir (Persian: مله ابگير‎ also Romanized as Meleh Ābgīr) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 11 families.
 Tall-e Pahn (Persian: تل پهن‎) is a village in Balvard Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Wierzawice [vʲɛʐaˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Leżajsk and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Więcław [ˈvjɛnt͡swaf] (formerly German Bornhofen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dębno 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Myślibórz and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 204.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Paniowice [paɲɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Pannwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 400.
 Gardzienice Pierwsze [ɡard͡ʑɛˈnit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Hatmabad (Persian: حتم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩatmābād Hatmābād and Hotanābād; also known as Khatmābād) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 119 families.
 Rudbar (Persian: رودبار‎ also Romanized as Rūdbār) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1027 in 277 families.
 Barkiyan (Persian: بركيان‎ also Romanized as Barkīyān and Bar-e Keyan) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District in the Central District of Sorkheh County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 6 families.
 Aranchi (Persian: ارانچي‎ also Romanized as Arānchī) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 604 in 123 families.
 Wola Wereszczyńska [ˈvɔla vɛrɛʂˈt͡ʂɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Võide is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Shahpurkhan (Persian: شاهپورخان‎ also Romanized as Shāhpūrkhān; also known as Qosṭī) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Roqicheh (Persian: رقيچه‎ also Romanized as Roqīcheh Raghicheh Raqīcheh and Roqeycheh; also known as Aghicha and Aqīcheh) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District Kadkan District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 97 families.
 Bahik (Persian: بهيك‎ also Romanized as Bahīk) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 56 families.
 Khaneqah Kandi (Persian: خانقاه كندي‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh Kandī; also known as Khāneqāh and Khānqā) is a village in Mulan Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 Lipsko-Polesie [ˈlipskɔ pɔˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Zamość and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Chul (Persian: چول‎ also Romanized as Chūl) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 12 families.
 Hanamanakoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Eyqer Bolagh (Persian: ايقربلاغ‎ also Romanized as Eyqer Bolāgh) is a village in Saidabad Rural District in the Central District of Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1045 in 263 families.
 Dhamay is small village situated in Nakhatrana taluka of Kutch district in the Indian state of Gujarat. It was established by Hamirji Pachanji Gadhavi (khadiya-charan) in 1904. Dhamay is about 65 kilometres (40 mi) northwest of Bhuj city the administrative headquarters of the district and about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) north of Nakhatrana.
 Sabati (Persian: ثابتي‎ also Romanized as S̱ābatī) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Belad Motaleb-e Olya (Persian: بلادمطلب عليا‎ also Romanized as Belād Moţaleb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Belād Moţlab-e Bālā and Belād Moţlab-e Seyyed Fākher) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 13 families.
 Kyungon is a village in Kanbalu Township Shwebo District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma (Myanmar).
 Żdżar [ʐd͡ʐar] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Kotuń 23 km (14 mi) west of Siedlce and 65 km (40 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Pszczew [pʂˈt͡ʂɛf] (German: Betsche) is a village in Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Pszczew. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Międzyrzecz 46 km (29 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 62 km (39 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 1826. It gives its name to the protected area known as Pszczew Landscape Park.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Amiriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 366 in 80 families.
 Pangala Eastern Province is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hasur (Persian: حصور‎ also Romanized as Ḩaşūr Hasoor and Hoşūr) is a village in Varzaq Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 501 in 120 families.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 100.
 Sahra Heydarabad (Persian: صحراحيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Şaḩrā Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 10 families.
 Zeynalu (Persian: زينالو‎ also Romanized as Zeynālū) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 28 families.
 Kami (Persian: كمي‎ also Romanized as Kamī) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gordemo is a hillside village in Locarno district Switzerland to the northwest of Gordola. It is notably located close to the Verzasca Dam about half a mile downstream in the valleyside (Valle Verzasca).
 Rozmierz [ˈrɔzmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Strzelce Opolskie and 25 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.
 Madhuvanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kollegal taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Szoniec [ˈʂɔɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Żuromin and 124 km (77 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Wyszyna Fałkowska [vɨˈʂɨna fau̯ˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Ruda Maleniecka 19 km (12 mi) west of Końskie and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 180.
 Wayne is an unincorporated community located on the Main Line centered in Delaware County Pennsylvania United States. While the center of Wayne is in Radnor Township Wayne extends into both Tredyffrin Township in Chester County and Upper Merion Township in Montgomery County. The center of Wayne was designated the Downtown Wayne Historic District in 2012.
 Mowtowr-e Sheykh Mohammad Mahmudi (Persian: موتورشيخ محمدمحمودئ‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Sheykh Moḩammad Maḩmūdi) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Reczyn [ˈrɛt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Płock and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Goszków [ˈɡɔʂkuf] (formerly German Gossow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Mieszkowice 45 km (28 mi) south of Gryfino and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Kamal Saleh (Persian: كمال صالح‎ also Romanized as Kamāl Şāleḩ; also known as Kamān-e Şāleḩī) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Sohrab (Persian: سهراب‎ also Romanized as Sohrāb; also known as Sārā Sārāb Sārāb Sohrāb Zadeh and Zara‘) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 515 in 121 families.
 Duškovci is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 369 people.
 Nowogardek [nɔvɔˈɡardɛk] (German: Naugard) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kołobrzeg and 97 km (60 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Słuchowo [swuˈxɔvɔ] (Kashubian: Słëchòwò German: Schlochow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Krokowa 30 km (19 mi) west of Puck and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 Kuh Kamar (Persian: كوه كمر‎ also Romanized as Kūh Kamar) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 30 families.
 Koniuszyn [kɔˈɲuʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Phirangipuram is a diverse and peaceful village as well as a mandal within the Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 Di Baglu (Persian: ديبگلو‎ also Romanized as Dī Baglū; also known as Dabakloo Debaglū Debaklū Debīglū Dībaklū Dībeklū Ţebāqlī and Tibagli) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 35 families.
 Al-Qudayriyya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 4 1948 by the Haganah and the Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Matate a sub-operation of Operation Yiftach. It was located 6.5 km south of Safad situated 1 km east of Wadi al-'Amud.In 1945 it had a population of 390.
 Oak Grove Village is a village in Franklin County Missouri United States. The population was 509 at the 2010 census.There is also the city of Oak Grove in Jackson and Lafayette Counties.
 Seyf ol Din Rud (Persian: سيف الدين رود‎ also Romanized as Seyf ol Dīn Rūd Seyf ed Dīn Rūd and Seyf od Dīn Rūd) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 23 families.
 V. Kalathur (Tamil : வ.களத்தூர்) is a village in Veppanthattai taluk of Perambalur district Tamil Nadu India. It lies at a distance of 28 km to the north of the district headquarters Perambalur. Nearest Airport is Tiruchirappalli Airport situated at a distance of 85 km from the village. Islam and Hinduism are the major religions in the village.
 Siah Rudbar (Persian: سياه رودبار‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Rūdbār) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 57 families.
 Alanduwaka is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bashar (Persian: بشر‎) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 787 in 167 families.
 Çakırpınar is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 52 people.
 Mazjerd (Persian: مزجرد‎) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 40 families.
 Błędziszki [bwɛnˈd͡ʑiʂki] (German: Blindischken from 1938-45 Wildwinkel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Halu Kaleh (Persian: هلوكله‎ also Romanized as Halū Kaleh) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District Chaboksar District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 51 families.
 Gołoszyce [ɡɔwɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Baćkowice 10 km (6 mi) west of Opatów and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 280[citation needed].
 Staubø is a village in Arendal municipality Aust-Agder Norway.
 Band-e Korman (Persian: بندكرمان‎ also Romanized as Band-e Kormān; also known as Band-e Garmān Band-e Germān and Band-e Gormān) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 66 families.
 Stańków [ˈstaɲkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Mathura is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Kord Mahalleh (Persian: كردمحله‎ also Romanized as Kord Maḩalleh) is a village in Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 179 families.
 Gwizdałki [ɡvizˈdau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Ostrówek 12 km (7 mi) north of Wieluń and 79 km (49 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mobarakeh (Persian: مباركه‎ also Romanized as Mobārakeh; also known as Mobārak Mobarakeh Bafgh and Mubārak) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2417 in 657 families.
 Tersoal (Dutch: Terzool) is a small village in Boarnsterhim in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 300 citizens (2004).
 Malżyce [malˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Czarnocin 11 km (7 mi) north of Kazimierza Wielka and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Chaqeh-ye Baluchha (Persian: چاقه بلوچها‎ also Romanized as Chāqeh-ye Balūchhā; also known as Chāgheh-ye Balūchhā and Chāqeh) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 57 families.
 Sardarabad (Persian: سرداراباد‎ also Romanized as Sardārābād) is a village in Sardarabad Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4834 in 953 families.
 Wilków-Kolonia [ˈvilkuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Rusibórz [ruˈɕibuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dominowo 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Woryny [vɔˈrɨnɨ] (German: Worienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Kal Karimi (Persian: كل كرمي‎ also Romanized as Kal Karīmī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 521 in 105 families.
 Półwiesk Duży [ˈpuu̯vjɛsk ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wąpielsk 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Rypin and 43 km (27 mi) east of Toruń.
 Innbygda is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located along the eastern end of the lake Selbusjøen about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northeast of the municipal center of Mebonden and about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) southwest of Trøa. The village is home to some small industries including a sawmill and a Tine factory.
 Çatalçeşme is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Tang-e Shur (Persian: تنگ شور‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Shūr) is a village in Hangam Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Pīshkūh and ‘Ali Abad Pishkooh) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 959 in 314 families.
 Odra [ˈɔdra] (German: Odrau) is a village in Gmina Gorzyce Wodzisław County Silesian Voivodeship Poland. It has a population of 391 (2006) and is situated on the Odra River.It was first mentioned in a written document in 1185 in 1418 for the first under its current name.
 Şalcılar is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 87 people.
 Derekışla is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Dehnow-e-Kuhestan (Persian: دهنوكوهستان‎ also Romanized as Dehnow-e-Kūhestan Dehnow Koohestan and Deh Now-ye Kūhestān; also known as Deh-e Now and Deh Now) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 38 families.
 Třebeň (German: Trebendorf) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.The municipality covers an area of 21.69 square kilometres (8.37 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 395.First written notice about the village is from year 1208.
 Baris (Persian: باريس‎ also Romanized as Bārīs) is a village in Meshgin-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 33 families.
 Mallampalli is a village and a mandal in Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Diouna is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes 11 villages in an area of approximately 175 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 9244. The chef-lieu of the commune is the village of Diouna which lies 49 km east of Ségou.
 Voropi is a village in Värska Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Al-Sabboura (Arabic: الصبورة) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Al-Sabboura had a population of 10969 in the 2004 census.
 Starościn [staˈrɔɕt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sarujeh-ye Sofla (Persian: ساروجه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sārūjeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 20 families.
 Miejsce [ˈmjɛi̯st͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spytkowice within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Spytkowice 15 km (9 mi) north of Wadowice and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Toprzyny [tɔˈpʂɨnɨ] (German: Topprienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Górowo Iławeckie 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Przyborów [pʂɨˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 49.
 Armutveren is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Deh-e Bala (Persian: ده بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bālā and Deh Bālā) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 105 families.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Lar Rural District Laran District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Chauknet Zayat is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Draginac is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 324 people.
 Saran-e Bala (Persian: ساران بالا‎ also Romanized as Sārān-e Bālā; also known as Deh-e Bālā’ī Sārān Sārān-e ‘Olyā and Sarān ‘Olyā) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 74 families.
 Latków [ˈlatkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Magnuszew 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 70.
 Kal Khvajeh (Persian: كل خواجه‎ also Romanized as Kal Khvājeh) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 34 families.
 Tang Darreh (Persian: تنگدره‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Darreh; also known as Tan Darreh) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gachineh-ye Bala (Persian: گچينه بالا‎ also Romanized as Gachīneh-ye Bālā; also known as Gachīneh) is a village in Bemani Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 17 families.
 Jakubów [jaˈkubuf] is a village in Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jakubów. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 47 km (29 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kalkamus (Persian: كلكاموس‎ also Romanized as Kalkāmūs) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Obliźniak [ɔˈbliʑɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Poniatowa 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Arangadi is a village in the Kanhangad municipality of the Kasaragod district in the Indian state of Kerala. Arangadi is also known as Sithasook. It is 3km from Kanhangad. Arangadi is a predominantly Muslim area of Kanhangad.
 Yusufkuyusu is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Boeni ya Bambao is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1368.
 Kalabuda (Oriya: କଳାବୁଦା) is a village in Garadpur block Kendrapara Orissa India near the eastern coast.
 Linne [ˈlinnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Dobra 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Turek and 130 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gniewczyna Tryniecka [ɡɲefˈt͡ʂɨna trɨˈɲet͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tryńcza within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tryńcza 4 km (2 mi) north of Przeworsk and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Çavuşköy is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 277 people.
 Brody [ˈbrɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Końskie and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Sobhaniyeh (Persian: سبحانيه‎ also Romanized as Sobḩānīyeh; also known as Sebḩānī and Sobḩānī) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 929 in 127 families.
 Sarhadd Aqa (Persian: سرحداقا‎ also Romanized as Sarḩadd Āqā and Sar Had Āqā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 30 families.
 Krajna [ˈkrai̯na] (Ukrainian: Крайна) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Bircza 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.On the site of the village is the disused Arłamów Airport.
 Nevačka is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Han Pijesak.
 Rezaabad (Persian: رضااباد‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Dolno Yabalkovo is a village in Sredets Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Łoje [ˈwɔjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Kalinowo 12 km (7 mi) east of Ełk and 134 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Tuchla-Osada [ˈtuxla ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki within Jarosław County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Turza [ˈtuʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Damasławek 20 km (12 mi) east of Wągrowiec and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 360.
 Tarczek [ˈtart͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Pawłów 13 km (8 mi) south of Starachowice and 28 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 590.Tarczek lies on the Psarka river among the hills of Gory Swietokrzyskie north of Lysogory.
 Zwierzyniec [zvjɛˈʐɨɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Pilicą 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 59 km (37 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Gracuch [ˈɡrat͡sux] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Końskie and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 190.
 Balive is a village in Musunuru mandal Krishna District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Kotbada is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 5893 people living in 854 individual households.
 Jarpice is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ostrovo is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradište Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 300 people.
 Kal Chat (Persian: كل چات‎ also Romanized as Kal Chāt) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 9 families.
 Kullaga is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Yakhak is a village in Herat Province in northwestern Afghanistan.
 Shesh Ab (Persian: شش اب‎ also Romanized as Shesh Āb) is a village in Qaleh Miran Rural District in the Central District of Ramian County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 22 families.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Onaşīrābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 8 families.
 Darbidu (Persian: دربيدو‎ also Romanized as Darbīdū) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District Poshtkuh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 38 families.
 Halavan (Persian: هلائون‎ also Romanized as Halāvan; also known as Halāvān-e Sarney) is a village in Karian Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 8 families.
 Chah-e Shulak (Persian: چاه شولك‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shūlaḵ) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 26 families.
 Gol Bolagh (Persian: گل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Gol Bolāgh) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 13 families.
 Shakarteh (Persian: شكرته‎; also known as Gowd-e Shekarteh) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 18 families.
 Marghzark (Persian: مرغزارك‎ also Romanized as Marghzārk) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Qaleh Cheh (Persian: قلعه چه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Cheh) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 140 families.
 Mały Bukowiec [ˈmawɨ buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zblewo 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 106.
 Ruda [ˈruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Skierniewice and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Uniszki Zawadzkie [uˈniʂki zaˈvat͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wieczfnia Kościelna 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Mława and 113 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 450.
 Ananthavoor is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Grabówka [ɡraˈbufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Mahmelian (Persian: محمليان‎ also Romanized as Maḩmelīān Mohmalīān and Mohmalyān) is a village in Bemani Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Arpora is a village close to the North Goa beach belt in India's tourism-destination state. Very famous for its night market The Saturday Night Market. Open during the tourist season it is a colorful vast market. Consisting of people from around the world selling and showcasing their goods. Be it the musical mouth harps or mouthwatering food you can find it all here.
 Chokmagu is a village development committee in Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5698 people living in 835 individual households.
 Arakuzha is a village 6 km south east of Muvattupuzha in Kerala India. It is located on SH 41 towards Koothattukulam the alternate route for Main Central Road. Moozhi bridge connects Arakuzha to Vazhakulam town which is also 6 km from Arakuzha.
 Nowa Huta [ˈnɔva ˈxuta] (Kashubian: Nowô Hëta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Kartuzy and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 282.
 Salim Beyg (Persian: سليم بيگ‎ also Romanized as Salīm Beyg) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 38 families.
 Kabkabad (Persian: كبك اباد‎ also Romanized as Kabkābād; also known as Komakābād) is a village in Sheshdeh Rural District Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1294 in 330 families.
 Dereźnia Solska [dɛˈrɛʑɲa ˈsɔlska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 526.
 Kramolna is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ziarat-e Tamarkhan (Persian: زيارت تمرخان‎ also Romanized as Zīārat-e Tamarkhān; also known as Sharak-e Tamarkhān) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 865 in 180 families.
 Chah-e Mohammad (Persian: چاه محمد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩammad; also known as Chāh-e ‘Alam) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 397 in 73 families.
 Muthuvallur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Moszczenica [mɔʂt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Tajanjar-e Sofla (Persian: تجن جارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Tajanjār-e Soflá; also known as Tajanjār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 639 in 162 families.
 Stojpy [ˈstɔi̯pɨ] (German: Stöpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) east of Elbląg and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Zindanlu (Persian: زيندانلو‎ also Romanized as Zīndānlū and Zenīdānlū; also known as Zeyvānlū) is a village in Jirestan Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 30 families.
 Jagodne [jaˈɡɔdnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) northwest of Garwolin and 52 km (32 mi) southeast of Warsaw.
 Sabaudia [saˈbau̯dja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 600.
 Gornji Lučani (Cyrillic: Горњи Лучани) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Majid Zamedi (Persian: مجيدضمدي‎ also Romanized as Majīd Ẕamedī) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 41 families.
 Ivurawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Deh-e Afghan-e Bar Ahuyi (Persian: ده افغان براهويي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Afghan-e Bar Āhūyī; also known as Deh-e Afghān-e Barāvī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 35 families.
 Cherukulam is a village in Malappuram district Kerala.
 Grodnica [ɡrɔdˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszyna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Olszyna 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Lubań and 121 kilometres (75 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Szőlősardó is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Wielącza [vjɛˈlɔnt͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Szczebrzeszyn 12 km (7 mi) west of Zamość and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Staro Selo (Cyrillic: Старо Село) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pawłówek [paˈvwuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Sicienko and 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Heyran-e Sofla (Persian: حيران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeyrān-e Soflá; also known as Hairan Ḩeyrān and Ḩeyrān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Heyran Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 18 families.
 Mowtowr-e Ahmad Naruyi Vahad Bamri (Persian: موتور احمد نارويي - واحد بامري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Aḩmad Nārūyī Vāḩad Bāmrī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Seyf-e Sofla (Persian: سيف سفلي‎ also Romanized as Seyf-e Soflá; also known as Saif Khār Saik Khār Sef-e Pā’īn Seyf Seyf-e Pā’īn Siv and Zif) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 547 in 104 families.
 Biglar (Persian: بيگلر‎ also Romanized as Bīglar; also known as Beglar) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 129 families.
 Portal is a village in Burke County North Dakota United States. The population was 126 at the 2010 census. Portal was founded in 1893.Portal sits along the Canadian border and is a major port of entry for road and rail traffic. North Portal Saskatchewan is just over the border north of Portal. It is one of three year-round 24-hour ports in North Dakota (the others being Dunseith and Pembina). The town is known for its international golf course.
 Bhalwani is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 39 families.
 Kudimiyanmalai is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Arad (Persian: اراد‎ also Romanized as Ārād; also known as Arāth and Behbūdī) is a village in Koleyn Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Wonieść [ˈvɔɲeɕt͡ɕ] is a village in western Poland in Greater Poland Voivodeship in Kościan County in the administrative district of gmina Śmigiel. It is located approximately 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań 12 km (7 mi) south of Kościan and 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Śmigiel. Wonieść lies beside Lake Wonieść. In the village there are St. Lawrence church and a hospital specializing in treating neurosis.
 Varsan (Persian: ورسن‎) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 905 in 226 families.found by varson.he is wrong minded
 Rędziny-Borek [rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słaboszów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Słaboszów 10 km (6 mi) east of Miechów and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 220.
 Soyak is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2758 living in 494 individual households.
 Kazanie [kaˈzaɲe] (German: Wildheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lubraniec 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 56 km (35 mi) south of Toruń.
 Mazraeh-ye Jahangir Namdary (Persian: مزرعه جهانگيرنامدارئ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Jahāngīr Nāmdāry) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Yerraboinapalli is a village in Kalluru Mandal in Khammam District in Andhra Pradesh State. Yerraboinapalli is located 10 km from its Mandal Main Town Kalluru.Yerraboinapalli includes kottha Yerraboinapalli (locally called as kotthuru) and patha yerraboinapalli (locally called as paathuru)
 Sailong is a small village in the Kendujhar District of Odisha India. It lies at a distance of 5 km. from Anandapur 80 km. from the district headquarters 'Kendujhar' and 160 km. from Bhubaneswar the state capital.It is a village within the Ghasipura Block of Anandapur Subdivision. It comes under the Anandapur Municipality which is one of the three Municipalities of the district. The people of the village are Hindus.
 Rangvang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3841 people living in 715 individual households.
 Çekalan is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Kosice [kɔˈɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zębowice within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zębowice 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Olesno and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 140.
 Sarrigan (Persian: سرريگان‎ also Romanized as Sarrīgān and Sar Rīgān; also known as Sar Rīg) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 605 in 119 families.
 Stębark [ˈstɛmbark] (German: Tannenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of Ostróda and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 630. Prior to 1945 it was in East Prussia.The immediate district is primarily known for two historic battles which took place there.
 Morahenegama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Siah Karan (Persian: سياه كران‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Karān) is a village in Baraghan Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 10 families.
 Gopalpur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively it is under Paspool gram panchayat in the Yadgir taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka.
 Brè is a village on the eastern slopes of the mountain of Monte Brè in the Swiss canton of Ticino. Politically the village forms part of the Brè-Aldesago quarter of the city of Lugano although until 1972 Brè-Aldesago was an independent municipality known simply as Brè until 1953.The village of Brè was first recorded in 1280 as de Bre and for most of its history has lived by agriculture and livestock.
 Sharikabad-e Olya (Persian: شريك ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Sharīkābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sharīkābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Platičevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Платичево) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Ruma municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2760 people (2002 census).
 Langanki [lanˈɡanki] (German Langanken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kętrzyn and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mulakalacheruvu is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is best known for Somapalyam the location of two temples which survived Turk attacks.
 Kostel is a village in northern Croatia. It is located just south of the D206 connecting Pregrada to Hum na Sutli. Two nearby villages Kostelsko and Bregi Kostelski have the same name root.
 Radwanów-Kolonia [radˈvanuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Słupia 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Końskie and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Naserabad (Persian: ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāṣerābād) is a village in Jowshan Rural District Golbaf District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nemenikuće (Serbian: Неменикуће) is a village in the municipality of Sopot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2058 people.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 62 families.
 Shal (Persian: شال‎ also Romanized as Shāl) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1594 in 378 families.
 Krzeptów [ˈkʂɛptuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Kuta is a village on the island of Lombok in the Indonesian province West Nusa Tenggara.Kuta is known for its beautiful beaches and is therefore one of the tourist attractions of Lombok.
 Adhur is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Hasanabad-e Kareyak (Persian: حسن ابادكريك‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kareyak; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dana Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 15 families.
 Chłopska Wola [ˈxwɔpska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Pysznica 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Stalowa Wola and 63 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 164.
 Golanik-e Sofla (Persian: گلانيك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Golānīk-e Soflá; also known as Golānīk-e Pā’īn and Kalānīk-e Pā'īn) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 26 families.
 Evrenli is a village in the Mersin Province Turkey. It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Mersin city). Evrenli at 36°56′N 34°35′E is to the north of the Mersin city center and the distance to the city center is 18 kilometres (11 mi). The population of the village is 231 as of 2011.
 Sorkhab (Persian: سرخاب‎ also Romanized as Sorkhāb) is a village in Saidabad Rural District in the Central District of Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2501 in 611 families.
 Qamishleh (Persian: قاميشله‎ also Romanized as Qāmīshleh; also known as Qamishalān and Qamūshalān) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 24 families.
 Bastam (Persian: بسطام‎ also Romanized as Basţām) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 681 in 155 families.
 Wólka Zdunkówka [ˈvulka zduŋˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Wohyń 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Radzyń Podlaski and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Børsa is a village and a former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The former municipality of Børsa encompassed most of the northern part of the present-day municipality of Skaun and historically also included the Geitastrand area in Orkdal.The village of Børsa is also the administrative centre of the municipality of Skaun. The 1.11-square-kilometre (270-acre) village has a population (2009) of 1213. The population density is 1093 inhabitants per square kilometre (2830 /sq mi).
 Bawabiya (Arabic: بوابية‎) is a village about 35 kilometers (22 mi) from Aleppo Syria and about 1.5 kilometers (0.93 mi) off the road to Damascus.
 Baba Rud (Persian: بابارود‎ also Romanized as Bābā Rūd; also known as Bābāru) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 76 families.
 Oeti is a village in Roosna-Alliku Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Ab Shirin (Persian: ابشيرين‎ also Romanized as Āb Shīrīn) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 18 families.
 Čitluk is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 142 people.
 Keelanatham is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Konradów [kɔnˈraduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sośnie 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 116 km (72 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Jabbarlu (Persian: جبارلو‎ also Romanized as Jabbārlū) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 84 families.
 Darband (Persian: دربند‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Khvansar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Czudowice [t͡ʂudɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Чудовичі Chudovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Jarosław and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kapsi (Hindi: कापसी) is a village under the Pakhanjore tehsil (Koylibeda Development Block) in the Kanker district of Chhattisgarh state in India. From the administrative point of view the village is divided between and is governed independently by two village panchayats namely Chhote Kapsi and Bade Kapsi. A narrow stream flowing westwards defines the demarkation between the two panchayats.
 Kowraki (Persian: كوركي‎ also Romanized as Kowrakī and Koorki) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 152 families.
 Posht Tang-e Kurak (Persian: پشت تنگ كورك‎ also Romanized as Posht Tang-e Kūrak; also known as Poshteh Kūrak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tartaczysko [tartaˈt͡ʂɨskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Sejny and 99 km (62 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kudachi (Rural) is an urban area in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Raybag taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Bodi is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin. It is located near the border with Togo.
 Kanino (Macedonian Cyrillic: Канино) is a village 9.64 kilometers away from Bitola which is the second largest city in Macedonia. According to the 2002 census total population is 111.
 Truskolas [trusˈkɔlas] (German: Trutzlatz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Płoty 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Gryfice and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Międzylesie [mjɛnd͡zɨˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kozłów [ˈkɔzwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dębica and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 550.
 Zavan (Persian: زوان‎ also Romanized as Zavān and Zāvon; also known as Zavān Jey and Zūn) is a village in Jey Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 844 in 229 families.
 Głęboki Rów [ɡwɛmˈbɔki ˈruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Szypliszki 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Suwałki and 120 km (75 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kõmmusselja is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Jeglewo [jɛˈɡlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Signabøur is a village on the east coast of the Faroese island Streymoy in the Torshavnar municipality.The 2005 population was 157. Its postal code is FO 416. There was a whaling station here from 1903 to 1920.22
 Pa Qaleh (Persian: پاقلعه‎ also Romanized as Pā Qal‘eh; also known as Pā’īn Qal‘eh Pāi Qal‘eh and Pa yi Qal‘eh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 37 families.
 Brenica [brɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lubochnia 14 km (9 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gireğiyeniköy is a village in the District of Aladağ Adana Province Turkey.
 Abgarmak-e Sofla (Persian: اب گرمك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ābgarmak-e Soflā; also known as Ābgarmak-e Pā’īn (Persian: آبگرمک پائین) Āb Garmak and Āb Garmeh-ye Neşār) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Czerwona Wola [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔna ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieniawa within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Sieniawa 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Przeworsk and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 483.
 Ciemna Dąbrowa [ˈt͡ɕemna dɔmˈbrɔva] (German: Finsterdamerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Wielbark 10 km (6 mi) south of Szczytno and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Czarne [ˈt͡ʂarnɛ] (German Czarnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Orzysz 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Pisz and 100 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Chahar Bolagh (Persian: چهاربلاغ‎ also Romanized as Chahār Bolāgh; also known as Chehār Bulāq) is a village in Boghrati Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 821 in 180 families.
 Getambe is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Cheshmeh Ali (Persian: چشمه علي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh ‘Alī) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 50 families.
 Cheshmeh Kareh (Persian: چشمه كره‎) is a village in Gerit Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Barzhuk (Persian: برژوك‎ also Romanized as Barzhūk) is a village in Aland Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 54 families.
 Pachk (Persian: پچك‎; also known as Parch) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 99 families.
 Kabro is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located west of Parakou city centre.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 46 families.
 Cieszyn [ˈt͡ɕeʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sośnie 28 km (17 mi) south of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 118 km (73 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Moravë is a village in the municipality of Otllak in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 Kaelase is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Mir Alamdar (Persian: ميرعلمدار‎ also Romanized as Mīr ʿAlamdār) is a village in Kalan Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 50 families.
 Domasławice [dɔmaswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Twardogóra 26 kilometres (16 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 47 kilometres (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Piecewo [pjɛˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnówka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Tarnówka 11 km (7 mi) west of Złotów and 109 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 212.
 Sliventsi is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Baba Kamal (Persian: باباكمال‎ also Romanized as Bābā Kamāl) is a village in Kamal Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 830 in 220 families.
 Seyyed Ghazeban Fazeli (Persian: سيدناصر فاضلي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ghaz̤ebān Fāz̤elī) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 8 families.
 Mowtowr-e 290 Gastoresh (Persian: موتورش 290گسترش‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e 290 Gastoresh) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 15 families.
 Hasiran (Persian: حصيران‎ also Romanized as Ḩaşīrān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Khánh Bình Tây is a commune (xã) and village in Trần Văn Thời District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Orłów Murowany-Kolonia [ˈɔrwuf murɔˈvanɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Długołęka [dwuɡɔˈwɛnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Strzelce 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Kutno and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rosocha [rɔˈsɔxa] (formerly German Rotzog) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Polanów 30 km (19 mi) east of Koszalin and 154 km (96 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 Nazarabad (Persian: نظراباد‎ also Romanized as Naz̧arābād; also known as Naz̧ābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 86 families.
 Liza Stara [ˈliza ˈstara] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Poświętne and 38 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 200.
 Quhajin (Persian: قوهجين‎ also Romanized as Qūhajīn; also known as Ghoohchin Kūhak Kuhnak Kukhnak Qowheyjīn Qūhījīn and Qūhjīn) is a village in Darsajin Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 59 families.
 Miodusy Wielkie [mjɔˈdusɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Sokołowo [sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Bakałarzewo 11 km (7 mi) west of Suwałki and 114 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Miłogoszcz [miˈwɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tuczno 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Wałcz and 112 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.The village has a population of 120.
 Grabno [ˈɡrabnɔ] (German Weitzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Palaiyapatti Therkusethi is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Równia [ˈruvɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Biecz 13 km (8 mi) north of Gorlice and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Qaralar-e Tasuji (Persian: قرالرطسوجي‎ also Romanized as Qarālar-e Ţasūjī; also known as Qarehlar) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2279 in 428 families.
 Abdollah Masud-e Sofla (Persian: عبداله مسعودسفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāh Mas‘ūd-e Soflá; also known as Abdollah Mas’ood ‘Abdollāh Mas‘ūd and Abdullāh Masūd) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 15 families.
 Chah Bar (Persian: چاه بار‎ also Romanized as Chāh Bār; also known as Chāh Bahār) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 13 families.
 Jackowo Włościańskie [jat͡sˈkɔvɔ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jaworów [jaˈvɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wiązów 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Strzelin and 41 kilometres (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Borzechowo [bɔʐɛˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Zblewo 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 735.
 Jalihal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Badami taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Ostrownica [ɔstrɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 112 km (70 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Janików [jaˈnikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przysucha and 94 km (58 mi) south of Warsaw.
 'Kadaganchi' (Kannada: ಕಡಗಂಚಿ) is a village in Aland taluk Gulbarga district in the Indian state of Karnataka. It has a primary health center a branch of the State Bank of India.
 Çevlik is a village in Mezitli district of Mersin Province Turkey. (Mezitli district center is a part of Greater Mersin). The distance to Mersin is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi). The population of the village is 314 as of 2011.
 Lipianki [liˈpjanki] (German: Ziegellack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kwidzyn and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 229.
 Choqa Golan (Persian: چقاگلان‎ also Romanized as Choqā Golān) is a village in Hojr Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 25 families.
 Tazehabad-e Fushazdeh (Persian: تازه ابادفوشازده‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Fūshāzdeh; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Dehshal Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 32 families.
 Dizaj-e Hasan Beyg (Persian: ديزج حسن بيگ‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Ḩasan Beyg) is a village in Dizajrud-e Sharqi Rural District Qaleh Chay District Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 615 in 117 families.
 La Gloria (La Pampa) is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
 Grodzisk [ˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mrozy 20 km (12 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 59 km (37 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 656.
 Ab Jahan (Persian: ابجهان‎ also Romanized as Āb Jahān and Āb-e Jahān; also known as Ab-e Sahān) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District Bajgiran District Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 113 families.
 Kołdów [ˈkɔu̯duf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Błaszki 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kamari (Persian: كمري‎ also Romanized as Kamarī and Kamri; also known as Kamanī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2389 in 481 families.
 Zalacsány is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Kulak (Persian: كولق‎ also Romanized as Kūlak; also known as Kūlag Kūleq and Kūnag) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mowtowr-e Khodadad (Persian: موتور خداداد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khodādād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Ilmaste is a village in Sonda Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Gökçeli is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Bledzianów [blɛˈd͡ʑanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 122 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 402.
 Gornji Zovik (Hadžići) is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ahsham Qaedha (Persian: احشام قائدها‎ also Romanized as Aḩshām Qā’edhā and Aḩshām Qāyedhā; also known as Ahahām Qāidān Aḩshām-e Qā’dhā Ahsham Ghayedha and Aḩshām Qeydān) is a village in Khvormuj Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 33 families.
 Korczów [ˈkɔrt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 493.
 Łapicze [waˈpit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Krynki 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Sokółka and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Jesús is a town in Central Peru capital of the province Lauricocha in the region Huánuco.
 Shurestan-e Olya (Persian: شورستان عليا‎ also Romanized as Shūrestān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shūrestān Shūrestān Bālā Shūrestān-e Bālā Shūristān Bālā) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 927 in 206 families.
 Kıca (also known as Kıcaköy) is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°43′N 33°43′E it is situated in the Toros Mountains. Its distance to Silifke is 71 kilometres (44 mi) and to Mersin is 156 kilometres (97 mi). The population of Kıca was 429 as of 2011.
 Castillo de Locubín is a village located in the south-western corner of the province of Jaén in Andalucia Spain. According to the 2006 census (INE) the village has a population of 5000 inhabitants.Castillo de Locubín is a pueblo blanco or white village so named for the white-washed external walls of the houses. It is located in the foothills of the Sierra Sur. The Moorish castle is in ruins. The 16th-century church is dedicated to St Peter the Apostle.
 Dhanusadham is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6450 persons living in 1267 individual households.
 Sarnów [ˈsarnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Psary 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Będzin and 18 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1791.
 Muteh (Persian: موته‎ also Romanized as Mūteh; also known as Nūteh) is a village in Zarkan Rural District Meymeh District Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 908 in 242 families.
 Czelin [ˈt͡ʂɛlin] (formerly German Zellin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Mieszkowice 58 km (36 mi) south of Gryfino and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 West Mansfield is a village located in Logan County Ohio United States. The population was 682 at the 2010 census.A branch of the Logan County District Library serves the West Mansfield community.
 Gazabad (Persian: گزاباد‎ also Romanized as Gazābād; also known as Gazābād-e Deh Sheykh) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 47 families.
 Jafarian (Persian: جعفريان‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farīān) is a village in Baranduz Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 29 families.
 Sepideh (Persian: سپيده‎ also Romanized as Sepīdeh; also known as Sefīdeh) is a village in Sofla Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 87 families.
 San Martín (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Lewickie [lɛˈvit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Juchnowiec Kościelny and 8 km (5 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Yorobougoula is a village and seat of the commune of Gouanan in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Godziszów 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Janów Lubelski and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bieliki [bjɛˈliki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Sulmierzyce 22 km (14 mi) east of Pajęczno and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bansaid-e Sofla (Persian: بان سعيدسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bānsa‘īd-e Soflá) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 9 families.
 Niwiska [niˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Nowogród Bobrzański and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.
 Brudnów Stary [ˈbrudnuf ˈstarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Olszewo-Borki 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 106 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Tal Zardak (Persian: تل زردك‎ also Romanized as Tal Zardaḵ) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 12 families.
 Gang-e Risheh (Persian: گنگ ريشه‎ also Romanized as Gang-e Rīsheh) is a village in Fadagh Rural District in the Central District of Gerash County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 56 families.
 Fay-ye Sofla (Persian: فاي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Fāy-ye Soflá; also known as Fā-ye Pā’īn Fā-ye Soflá and Nāy-e Soflá) is a village in Julaki Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 5 families.
 Chapar (Persian: چپر‎) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 18 families.
 Pašman is a village in Croatia.
 Hoseyni (Persian: حسيني‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynī and Hoseini; also known as ’aşīrī Husaini and ’oseynī) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 880 in 145 families.
 Szczeglin [ˈʂt͡ʂɛɡlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ruanshin (Persian: روانشين‎ also Romanized as Rūānshīn) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kosinowo [kɔɕiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Włocławek and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Pā’īn and Kalāteh-ye Mad Ḩājjī) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Unukovići (Cyrillic: Унуковићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Binbaşar is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Strachów [ˈstraxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kondratowice 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Strzelin and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Futoma [fuˈtɔma] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błażowa within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Błażowa and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1400.
 Ajjenahalli Koratagere is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koratagere taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 Smolniki [smɔlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Miedzno [ˈmjɛd͡znɔ] (German: Niederhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Szlasy Bure [ˈʂlasɨ ˈburɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Maków Mazowiecki and 80 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Char Kalekhan is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Vazireh (Persian: وزيره‎ also Romanized as Vazīreh; also known as Vazīrch) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 33 families.
 Wólka Skotnicka [ˈvulka skɔtˈnit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Khopala is a village and a grampanchayat in Bhavnagar district in the state of Gujarat India. Khopala is situated near Gadhada.
 Jaroszki [jaˈrɔʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Pionki 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Radom and 84 km (52 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Bagnity [baɡˈnitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Małdyty 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Ostróda and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 50.
 Kobylaki-Korysze [kɔbɨˈlaki kɔˈrɨʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād; also known as Khairābād) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Dupelli is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Atmakur mandal.
 Tarnowska Wola [tarˈnɔfska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Dęba within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Nowa Dęba 16 km (10 mi) south of Tarnobrzeg and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dahleh Sufian (Persian: دهله صوفيان‎ also Romanized as Dahleh Şūfīān and Dahleh-ye Sūfeyān) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 15 families.
 Manoya is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Dren (Serbian: Дрен) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Zacharzów [zaˈxaʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Radzanów 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Białobrzegi and 71 km (44 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 147.
 Qul Estar (Persian: قول استر‎ also Romanized as Qūl Estar and Qūlaster; also known as Kulastar Qolestar Qolīstar and Qūl Estīr) is a village in Nanur Rural District Nanur District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 46 families.
 Seydabad (Persian: صيد آباد‎ also Romanized as Şeydābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 443 in 148 families.
 Rogi [ˈrɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubniewice within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Lubniewice 14 km (9 mi) north of Sulęcin and 20 km (12 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 70.
 Kariz-e Now (Persian: كاريزنو‎ also Romanized as Kārīz-e Now Kārīz Now and Kārīz-i-Nau) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 23 families.
 Akmuo is a village in Jakėnų eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 and 2011 census the village has a population of 0.
 Neta Bheri is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3106 people living in 473 individual households.
 Pióry-Pytki [ˈpjurɨ ˈpɨtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sharikabad (Persian: شريك اباد‎ also Romanized as 'Sharīkābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 43 families.
 Oroszló is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Kalagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Randvere is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.It is most notable for being the birthplace of philologist Johannes Aavik (1880–1973) a significant modernizator of Estonian language.
 Deh-e Yusof Ali (Persian: ده يوسفعلي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Yūsof ‘Alī Deh Yūsof ‘Alī Deh Yūsef ‘Alī and Deh Yoosef Ali; also known as Deh Yūsef and Yūsef ‘Alī) is a village in Oshtorinan Rural District Oshtorinan District Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 69 families.
 Wnory-Wiechy [ˈvnɔrɨ ˈvjɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 43 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 120.
 Warta Bolesławiecka [ˈvarta bɔlɛswaˈvjɛt͡ska] (German: Alt Warthau) is a village in Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Bolesławiec and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Legnica Voivodeship.
 Grabanina [ɡrabaˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród within Jasło County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 150.
 Biameh (Persian: بيامه‎ also Romanized as Bīāmeh and Bayāmeh) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Działosza [d͡ʑaˈwɔʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Syców 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 47 kilometres (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.No More Windows No More TrainsHung Himself Out In The RainNow He'll never be that boy again.
 Amirabad-e Babakan (Persian: اميرابادبابكان‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Bābakān) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 51 families.
 Kahriz-e Salim (Persian: كهريزسليم‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Salīm and Kahrīz Salīm; also known as Kārīz) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 786 in 194 families.
 Zalkeh (Persian: ذلكه‎ also Romanized as Z̄alkeh) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 14 families.
 Gawłuszowice [ɡavwuʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gawłuszowice. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Mielec and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 700.
 Malkesh (Persian: ملكش‎; also known as Māhesh) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2766 in 681 families.
 Nova Lipa is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Požega. According to national census of 2011 population of the village is 88.
 Szreńsk [ʂrɛɲsk] is a village in Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Szreńsk. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-west of Mława and 107 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1200.
 Qoli Kandi (Persian: قلي كندي‎ also Romanized as Qolī Kandī; also known as Gulkandi) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 54 families.
 Töngüşlü Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ortsevo (Bulgarian: Орцево) is a remote village in the municipality of Belitsa in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is located approximately 23 kilometers east of Belitsa and 87 kilometers southeast from Sofia. As of 2010 it had a population of 213 people. The population is Muslim of pomak origin.
 Dymitrów Duży [dɨˈmʲitruf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Baranów Sandomierski 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Tarnobrzeg and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 345.
 Kareh Kareh (Persian: كره كره‎) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 7 families.
 Baluchabad (Persian: بلوچ اباد‎ also Romanized as Balūchābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 43 families.
 Kerbani is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9221 people living in 1701 individual households.
 Gottaï (also written El Gottaï) is a village in the commune of Magrane El Oued Province Algeria. It is located 28 kilometres (17 mi) north of the provincial capital El Oued.[citation needed]It is a minor place with indefinite borders.
 Mashhad-e Firuzkuh (Persian: مشهدفيروزكوه‎ also Romanized as Mashhad-e Fīrūzḵūh; also known as Mashhad) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 54 families.
 Qaleh Jeqeh-ye Sofla (Persian: قلعه جقه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jeqeh-ye Soflá; also known as Ghal’eh Chegheh Hosein Ābād Qālā Jogeh Qal‘eh Jeqeh Qal’eh Joqeh Qal‘eh Joqeh and Qal‘eh Jūqeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 22 families.
 Leszcz [lɛʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.
 Pampadumpara is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Estación Taboada is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Lubraniec-Parcele [luˈbraɲɛt͡s parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Çorumlu is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Sistak-e Olya (Persian: سيستكعليا‎ also Romanized as Sīstak-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 49 families.
 Stare Karmonki [ˈstarɛ karˈmɔnki] (German: Alt Karmunkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Stari Đurovac is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 15 people.
 Gornja Lokošnica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 134 people.
 Golubovac Divuški (Serbian Cyrillic: Голубовац Дивушки) is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D47 highway.
 Guzew [ˈɡuzɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Rzgów and 15 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dziewoklucz [d͡ʑeˈvɔklut͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzyń within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Chodzież and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Konarzewo-Reczki [kɔnaˈʐɛvɔ ˈrɛt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of Ciechanów and 67 km (42 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 20.
 Gozal Abdal (Persian: گزل ابدال‎ also Romanized as Gozal Abdāl; also known as Gowzal Abdāl Gūzal Ābdāl and Qizil Abdāl) is a village in Ali Sadr Rural District Gol Tappeh District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 711 in 144 families.
 Ab Bakhshan (Persian: اب بخشان‎ also Romanized as Āb Bakhshān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 861 in 236 families.
 Qushkhaneh-ye Olya (Persian: قوشخانه عليا‎ also Romanized as Qūshkhāneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Chaman Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Gopurajapuram is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Salwan is a village of high historical interest in Karnal District Haryana India. It contains a tirtha identified as having national importance.The village was the subject of much media attention in 2007 when the beating death of a Rajput man was followed by a wave of violence directed toward local dalits. About 150 lower-caste families fled the village.
 Y. kurudere is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Breivikbotn is the administrative centre of the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county Norway. It is an old trading post and fishing village that is located on the western end of the island of Sørøya. The village lies along Norwegian County Road 822 in the central part of the municipality.
 Palli is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County on the island of Hiiumaa Estonia.
 Sihali Jageer (Sihali Jagir) is a village in the Hasanpur subdistrict of the Amroha district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It has an elevation of 207 meters.
 Brzozowo-Łęg [bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈwɛnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Cham Reyhan (Persian: چم ريحان‎ also Romanized as Cham Reyḩān Cham-e Reyḩān and Cham Reihan) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 22 families.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Zelów 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mabrouk or El Mabrouk is a village and rural commune in the Hodh Ech Chargui Region of south-eastern Mauritania.As of 2000 it had a population of 4248.
 Päärdu is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Par Surakh (Persian: پرسوراخ‎ also Romanized as Par Sūrākh; also known as Parreh Sīlā and Parreh Sūrākh) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 17 families.
 Hasanlar is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 32 people.
 Dulangan-e Olya (Persian: دولنگان عليا‎ also Romanized as Dūlangān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dolangān-e Bālā Dolangān-e ‘Olyā and Dūlgān-e Bālā) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 74 families.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Długołęka and 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hamand Lamsar (Persian: همندلمسار‎ also Romanized as Hamand Lamsār) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 5 families.
 Salarabad (Persian: سالاراباد‎ also Romanized as Sālārābād; also known as Sālāābād) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 420 in 95 families.
 Zaleskie [zaˈlɛskʲɛ] (German Saleske) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Ustka 19 km (12 mi) west of Słupsk and 123 km (76 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Łęka Szczucińska [ˈwɛnka ʂt͡ʂuˈt͡ɕiɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczucin within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Szczucin 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 410.
 Libartowo [libarˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Rječica Gornja (Serbian: Рјечица Горња) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Krasowo Wielkie [kraˈsɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Brod (Serbian Cyrillic: Брод) is village in south of Kosovo in the region of Gora in the municipality of Dragaš. It is part of the District of Prizren. The majority of people are Gorani. Brod is a big village with 900 houses.
 Bala Holu Sara (Persian: بالاهلوسرا‎ also Romanized as Bālā Holū Sarā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 47 families.
 Gollujeh-ye Abellu (Persian: گلوجه ابللو‎ also Romanized as Gollūjeh-ye Abellū; also known as Goljeh Gollūjeh Golujeh and Gyulyudzha) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 23 families.
 Radomice [radɔˈmit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Pokrzywnica Wielka [pɔkʂɨvˈnit͡sa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Janowiec Kościelny 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Nidzica and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 200.
 Haramian-e Olya (Persian: حرميان عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩaramīān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 17 families.
 Golbolaghi (Persian: گل بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Golbolāghī) is a village in Bughda Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 626 in 163 families.
 Piasek [ˈpʲasɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów within Tarnobrzeg County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Grębów 15 km (9 mi) east of Tarnobrzeg and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Łanowe Sołtysy [waˈnɔvɛ sɔu̯ˈtɨsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Słupie [ˈswupjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Gavdul (Persian: گاودول‎ also Romanized as Gāvdūl) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 24 families.
 Palve Bk is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Chah Alahiyeh (Persian: چاه الهيه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Ālahīyeh; also known as Chāh-e Khowīd Kīhā) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Broszkowice [brɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oświęcim within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Oświęcim and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 595.
 Orzeszki [ɔˈʐɛʂki] (German: Zielonygrund 1938-45:Schützengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Rozogi 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Szczytno and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Belahar is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Nowe Sadłowo [ˈnɔvɛ sadˈwɔvɔ] (German: Neusedlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Haralssund is a town in the Faroe Islands situated on the island of Kunoy.Haralssund is located on the east coast of Kunoy and is connected to the village of Kunoy on the west coast by a tunnel. To the east it is linked to the town of Klaksvík on Borðoy by a dam. The tunnel and the dam were built in the late 1980s.2 kilometers south of the village there is a small ruin. Legend says that there was a Dutch community here many years ago.
 Mazraeh-ye Shenatal-e Sofla (Persian: مزرعه شناتال سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shenātāl-e Soflá) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 4 families.
 Pariu-ye Arab (Persian: پاريوعرب‎ also Romanized as Pārīū-ye ‘Arab) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Kolonia Emska [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɛmska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Veliká Ves (Prague-East District) is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dharpa (aka Dharpa Chuharpur)is a village in Khurja Tehsil in Bulandshahr District of Uttar Pradesh in northern India. It is situated on the Grand Trunk Road between Bulandshahr and Khurja. This village is 14 km away from Bulandshahr (South-East) and 5 km away from Khurja (North-West).The village is one of the 5 Tomar Rajput villages of Tomar (Tanwar) Rajputs. The other Rajput clans in this village are Jadaun or Jadon along with one Chauhan family.
 Anjil-e Boneh (Persian: انجيل بنه‎ also Romanized as Anjīl-e Boneh and Anjīl Beneh) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Morghdari-ye Kasht va Sanat Doab (Persian: مرغداري كشت وصنعت دواب‎ also Romanized as Morghdārī-ye Kasht va Sanʿat Doāb) is a village in Palangabad Rural District Palangabad District Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Lutosławice Rządowe [lutɔswaˈvit͡sɛ ʐɔnˈdɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Grabica 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kozhukkallur is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Yenisu is a small village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village at 36°32′N 33°41′E is situated in the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Silifke is 50 kilometres (31 mi) . The population of Yenisu is 91 as of 2011 . The village was founded by Yörüks (once nomadic Turkmens) probably two centuries ago. Main crops of the village are vegetables and fruits such as apple and almond.
 Kestel Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it has a population of 262 people.
 Sang (Persian: سنگ‎) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 11 families.
 Bilwinowo [bilviˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Szypliszki 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Suwałki and 117 km (73 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nomudar Kola (Persian: نموداركلا‎ also Romanized as Nomūdār Kolā; also known as Nomūr Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 39 families.
 Krajków [ˈkrai̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Żórawina and 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bartodzieje [bartɔˈd͡ʑejɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Jastrzębia 15 km (9 mi) north of Radom and 77 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Irvala is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Janowicze [janɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Juchnowiec Kościelny and 12 km (7 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 176.
 Shirinak (Persian: شيرينك‎ also Romanized as Shīrīnak; also known as Shiroonak and Shīrūnak) is a village in Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Qareh Bater (Persian: قره باطر‎ also Romanized as Qareh Bāţer) is a village in Gholaman Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 33 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Basijian (Persian: تلمبه بسيجيان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Basījīān) is a village in Dowbaran Rural District in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Kõinastu is a 2.62 km² islet in the southern part of the Väinameri Sea Estonia. Administratively it forms Kõinastu village which is part of Orissaare Parish Saare County. Kõinastu has a population of 4 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Diwancheruvu is a village and a grama panchayat in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India. This village and its surroundings are famous for custard apple cultivation and marketing.
 Palamutçuk is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 590 people.
 Wilczyny [vilˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] (German Wolfshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Srokowo 20 km (12 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 82 km (51 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ab Talkh Filgah (Persian: اب تلخ فيلگاه‎ also Romanized as Āb Talkh Fīlgāh; also known as Ābtalkhū) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Al Wuday is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Safar (Persian: صفر‎ also Romanized as Şafar) is a village in Jayezan Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1103 in 234 families.
 Pieniążkowo [pjɛɲɔ̃ʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Gniew 45 km (28 mi) south of Tczew and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 351.
 Pieruchy [pjɛˈruxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Pleszew and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Barandi is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2475 people living in 470 individual households.
 Gorzków [ˈɡɔʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bochnia and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 450.
 Dhaban is a village in Near Sangariya Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan.
 Khaneqah (Persian: خانقاه‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh and Khānaqāh; also known as Khanaeh Khānagāh Khānayeh and Khāngāh) is a village in Dizaj Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 93 families.
 Kermajan (Persian: كرماجان‎ also Romanized as Kermājān; also known as Karmān Jān) is a village in Kermajan Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 663 in 161 families.
 Kani Kabud (Persian: كاني كبود‎ also Romanized as Kānī Kabūd) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 25 families.
 Moregeri is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hagaribommanahalli taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Wir-Kolonia [ˈvir kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Przysucha and 86 km (53 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 140.
 Rzyczyna [ʐɨˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Ryki and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Zambar is a small desert village in Tel Afar District of Nineveh Province of northern Iraq. It is located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) southeast of Tel Afar and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) directly west of Mosul. It is located about half way between Tel Afar and the larger settlement of Shaikh Ibrahim further to the southeast. The Germans discovered oil at Zanbar and Qusair in the 1930s and began drilling; a team of German and Italian workers were deployed to tap the resources.
 Garmez-e Sofla (Persian: گرمزسفلي‎ also Romanized as Garmez-e Soflá) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 58 families.
 Dminin [ˈdminin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Łuków and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Brzeście [ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Radków 19 km (12 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 119.
 Ubava (Serbian: Убава) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Longerak is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدرآباد‎ also Romanized as Heydarābād) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pillaiyarmatham is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Makadum is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2233 people living in 360 individual households.
 Qozloq (Persian: قزلق‎; also known as Kuzluk and Kūz̄ūkh) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 34 families.
 Darazam (Persian: درزم‎; also known as Darah Zam) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 26 families.
 Borotice (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sartekeh-ye Olya (Persian: سارتكه عليا‎ also Romanized as Sārtekeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Sārdekeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 15 families.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 845 in 190 families.
 Kafshgar Kola-ye Arateh (Persian: كفشگركلاارطه‎ also Romanized as Kafshgar Kolā-ye Araţeh and Kafshgar Kolā-ye Arţeh; also known as Kafshgar Kolā) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1852 in 476 families.
 Rakówka [raˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Raków and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 132.
 Królewskie [kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Ostrzeszów and 133 km (83 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Khungri is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3564 people living in 695 individual households.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gąbin 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Płock and 86 km (53 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 135.
 Hoseynabad-e Gorgan (Persian: حسين آباد گرگان‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Gorgān Ḩoseynābād Gorgān and Ḩoseynābād-e Garagān; Ḩoseynābād and Husainābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 16 families.
 Kehunia is a village about 10 km from Narkatiaganj and 30 km from Bettiah in the West Champaran district of Bihar state in northern India.
 Kalateh-ye Rey (Persian: كلاته ري‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Rey) is a village in Kharturan Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 23 families.
 Staroźreby [starɔˈʑrɛbɨ] is a village in Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Staroźreby. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Płock and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ablakh is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Ziarat-e Seyyed Soleyman (Persian: زيارت سيدسليمان‎ also Romanized as Zīārat-e Seyyed Soleymān; also known as Zeyārat Zīārat and Zīyārat) is a village in Takht Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 806 in 182 families.
 Skordiów [ˈskɔrdjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Dorohusk 19 km (12 mi) east of Chełm and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kayadibi is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Grabovica is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Badengan-e Olya (Persian: بادنگان عليا‎ also Romanized as Bādengān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bādangūn-e Bālā Bādemgūn-e ‘Olyā Bādengān-e Bālā Bādengūn-e ‘Olyā and Bādengūn ‘Olyā) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 141 families.
 Ignacewo [iɡnaˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Stawiski 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Kolno and 77 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 59.
 Maharajganj is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10454 people living in 1779 individual households. A small flood in 1993 ruined a marginal amount of cropland.
 Nazar Mahalleh (Persian: نظرمحله‎ also Romanized as Naz̧ar Maḩalleh) is a village in Chelevand Rural District Lavandevil District Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Małki [ˈmau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Rzewnie 17 km (11 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki and 75 km (47 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 130.
 Chukat-e Vasat (Persian: چوکات وسط‎ also Romanized as Chūkāt-e Vasaţ) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 64 families.
 Howngeh-ye Pain (Persian: هونگه پايين‎ also Romanized as Howngeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kalviai is a village in Kaniavos eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 68 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 47.
 Karvian (Persian: كرويان‎ also Romanized as Karvīān) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 35 families.
 Szczodrowo [ʂt͡ʂɔˈdrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Skarszewy 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Starogard Gdański and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 478.
 Ekhabu is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2640 people living in 418 individual households.
 Quiun Qeshlaqi (Persian: قويون قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Qūīūn Qeshlāqī; also known as Qīūn Qeshlāq and Qīun Qeshlāqī) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 88 families.
 Chmielew [ˈxmjɛlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Magnuszew 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Dobiesławice [dɔbjɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rojewo 9 km (6 mi) north of Inowrocław 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Toruń and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Chadakori is a village and rural commune in Niger.Also the birthplace of Mahamane Manirou Daouda.
 Grzybów [ˈɡʐɨbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Szadek 13 km (8 mi) north of Zduńska Wola and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kijów [ˈkijuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszyna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kruszyna 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 15.
 Nemyslovice is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kąty [ˈkɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbiel within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 480.
 Yukarıbeltarla is a village in the District of Başmakçı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey. According to the 2010 census it had a population of 455 people. It lies just to the northeast of Ovacık.
 Grubetiće is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Thimmasamudram is located between Vetapalem and Inkollu in Prakasam district (formerly known as Ongole district) Andhra Pradesh India. Thimmasamudram is birthplace for former MLAs Dr. Kambampati Hari Babu Karanam Balaram Krishna Murthy and Bachina Chenchu Garataiah.Educational institutional Institutions like Mangamma Collage Ongole and Chirala Engineering Collage is also established by people from ThimmasamudramIts famous for Paddy.
 Wilczogóra [vilt͡ʂɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Belsk Duży 4 km (2 mi) west of Grójec and 41 km (25 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Gerdeh Gol (Persian: گرده گل‎; also known as Gerdgol) is a village in Yaft Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Sheykh Zeydan (Persian: شيخ زيدان‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Zeydān; also known as Beyt-e Zeyvān) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 564 in 93 families.
 Cherpulassery is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district Kerala south India. Geographically it is a junction of roads converging from four towns -- Ottapalam Pattambi Mannarkkad and Perinthalmanna. This town can be ideal location for the capital of proposed Valluvanad district. A couple of kilometres north of the place at Kacherikunnu the semi-hilly road also branches off eastwards to the district headquarters town of Palakkad.
 Kuklówka Radziejowicka [kuˈklufka rad͡ʑejɔˈvit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sadków [ˈsatkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 291.
 Farizi (Persian: فريزي‎ also Romanized as Farīzī and Ferīzī; also known as Farezi and Ferezī) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 799 in 253 families.
 Nowy Bukowiec [ˈnɔvɨ buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Stara Kiszewa 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 72.
 Bukowina [bukɔˈvina] (German: Buckowin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Cewice 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Lębork and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk. Prior to 1945 it was part of Germany in the Province of Pomerania.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 541.
 Dutuheh-ye Sofla (Persian: دوتوهه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Dūtūheh-ye Soflá and Dūtūyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Dowpūyeh-ye Pā’īn Do Tūyeh Do Tūyeh-ye Pā’īn Dotūyeh-ye Pā’īn and Dūtuyeh Pāīn) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 867 in 212 families.
 Risingsun is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 606 at the 2010 census.
 Kolonie Stanisławów [kɔˈlɔɲjɛ staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Damdami (Persian: دامدامي‎ also Romanized as Dāmdāmī) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 32 families.
 Tân Lâm is a commune (xã) and village in Xuyên Mộc District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Drešnica is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 102 people.
 Shokrabad (Persian: شكراباد‎ also Romanized as Shokrābād; also known as Lashkarābād) is a village in Khalazir Rural District Aftab District Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 73 families.
 Cygany [t͡sɨˈɡanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Krośniewice 11 km (7 mi) west of Kutno and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kubłowo Małe [kuˈbwɔvɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 47.
 Kabbur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Ramjin (Persian: رامجين‎ also Romanized as Rāmjīn; also known as Ramandeh) is a village in Ramjin Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1902 in 456 families.
 Khazineh Anbar-e Qadim (Persian: خزينه انبارقديم‎ also Romanized as Khazīneh Anbār-e Qadīm) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Shomali Rural District Marhemetabad District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 427 in 91 families.
 Khasareh (Persian: خساره‎ also Romanized as Khasāreh; also known as Ḩasāreh and Khasrakh) is a village in Darram Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 23 families.
 Gachinow (Persian: گچينو‎ also Romanized as Gachīnow) is a village in Asir Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Muzi Koti (Persian: موزي كتي‎ also Romanized as Mūzī Kotī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 25 families.
 Mrozy Małe [ˈmrɔzɨ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Mrosen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ełk and 128 km (80 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hajji Malek (Persian: حاجي ملک‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Malek; also known as Malek Moḩammad) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 56 families.
 Ortapınar is a village in the District of Şuhut Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Ciążyń [ˈt͡ɕɔ̃ʐɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Czarnków and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Wysogotowo [vɨsɔɡɔˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Tarnowo Podgórne and 11 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 412.
 Kizhakkumbhagom is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Khorrud (Persian: خررود‎ also Romanized as Khorrūd) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Obryte [ɔˈbrɨtɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Nur 39 km (24 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Kabakköy Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Qasem Qeshlaqi (Persian: قاسم قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Qāsem Qeshlāq; also known as Ḩājjī Salīm-e Qeshlāqī) is a village in Balghelu Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 36 families.
 Kavakdibi is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 1165 people.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād; also known as Fīrūzābād-e Yek) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Tazeh Kand District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1316 in 273 families.
 Podbjelavići (Cyrillic: Подбјелавићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sułkowo Borowe [suu̯ˈkɔvɔ bɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Mława and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 6 families.
 Andungama Palkumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tamnič is a village in the municipality of Negotin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 349 people.
 Frygnowo [frɨɡˈnɔvɔ] (German Frögenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Ostróda and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Kuklinów [kuˈklinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kobylin 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Krotoszyn and 79 km (49 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Strzeszowice [stʂɛʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Tzschacksdorf Schacksdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Trzebiel 18 km (11 mi) west of Żary and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Stare Niziołki [ˈstarɛ niˈʑɔu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Bon Zard (Persian: بن زرد‎) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Bogusławice [bɔɡuswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gołuchów 11 km (7 mi) east of Pleszew and 90 km (56 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 160.
 Suszeniec [suˈʂɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Qadamgah (Persian: قدمگاه‎ also Romanized as Qadamgāh; also known as Kadamga) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2012 in 592 families.
 Kahaq (Persian: كهق‎ also Romanized as Kaheq; also known as Gahaq) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1600 in 425 families.
 Dhok Padhal (Urdu: ڈھوک پڈھال) is a village situated in Jhelum District Punjab Pakistan. The name of this village created in 1767 the man who he thought was Jatt & very rich. The foreman of this village is Haji Subedar Mohammad Azam.
 Shavil-e Sadeq Khan (Persian: شويل صادق خان‎ also Romanized as Shavīl-e Şādeq Khān; also known as Shavīl) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 41 families.
 Babica [baˈbit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 840.
 Bahmanabad (Persian: بهمن اباد‎ also Romanized as Bahmanābād) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Chavrash (Persian: چاورش‎ also Romanized as Chāvrash; also known as Chūres) is a village in Baranduz Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 59 families.
 Baraklı is a village in the District of Evciler Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Nowa Wieś Kwidzyńska [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ kfiˈd͡zɨɲska] (German: Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kwidzyn and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ravadanaq (Persian: روادانق‎ also Romanized as Ravādānaq; also known as Iravadāna Ravārānaq and Rovādānaq) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 40 families.
 Nowe Nadratowo [ˈnɔvɛ nadraˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Żuromin and 112 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kozmice is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khairābād; also known as Kheyrābād-e Golvār Kheyrābād-e Maīād Kheyrābād-e Mayāgh and Kheyrābād-e Nāmī) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 72 families.
 Hacımuslu Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kadzice [kaˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Wielotów [vjɛˈlɔtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Gubin 35 km (22 mi) south-west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 56 km (35 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Eleyas (Persian: الياس‎ also Romanized as Eleyās and Elyās; also known as Elyās-e Ābezhdān and Elyās Moḩebbī) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 59 families.
 Baghlujeh (Persian: باغلوجه‎ also Romanized as Bāghlūjeh and Baghloojeh; also known as Bāghlijeh) is a village in Delbaran Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 281 in 76 families.
 Al-Jalama (Arabic: الجلمة‎) was a Palestinian village about 14 kilometres south-east of Haifa. It was depopulated in 1948.
 Přepeře (Semily District) is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Tar (Persian: طار‎ also Romanized as Ţār) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 110 families.
 Osiek Górny [ˈɔɕek ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Ciechanów and 64 km (40 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Mączniki [mɔnt͡ʂˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraszewice within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 131 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Gazer Sang (Persian: گازرسنگ‎ also Romanized as Gāzer Sang; also known as Qāder Sang and Qādirsang) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 512 in 136 families.
 Grabek [ˈɡrabɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Korzeniew 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Laski [ˈlaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Siemkowice 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 79 km (49 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gamów [ˈɡamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Rudnik 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Racibórz and 64 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 470.
 Batkiv (Ukrainian: Батьків) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Chyliny Leśne [xɨˈlinɨ ˈlɛɕnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 72 km (45 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 130.
 Dolne Pole [ˈdɔlnɛ ˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kaźmierz 12 km (7 mi) south of Szamotuły and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Alustan (Persian: الوستان‎ also Romanized as Ālūstān and Alūstān) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 112 families.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj and Kahnooj) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 55 families.
 Kasirabad (Persian: كثيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kas̄īrābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Kyawngtet is a village in Hsi Hseng Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located just to the south of Banyin and to the north of Loisawn along the National Highway 5.
 Bani Dar (Persian: باني در‎ also Romanized as Bānī Dar) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 21 families.
 Olkowo [ɔlˈkɔvɔ] (German: Alken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 42 kilometres (26 mi) east of Elbląg and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn and just west of the Pasłęka River on Route 513.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Shenasvand (Persian: شناسوند‎ also Romanized as Shenāsvand Chanāsvand Chanasband Chenasband Chenāsvand Chinasband Shanāsfand Shenāsband and Shenāsfand) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 27 families.
 Letnin [ˈlɛtnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Pyrzyce and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 334.
 Moremi is a village in the Central District of Botswana about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Palapye.The village lies in a bend of the Lotsane River a seasonal tributary of the Limpopo River.
 Otalawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kępa [ˈkɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Długołęka and 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 180.
 Padmanabham is a village and mandal in theVisakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh India.There is a famous Ananta Padmanabha Swami Temple on this hill; before independence this temple was allotted 3000 acres by the Maharajas of Pusapati the royal family of Vizianagaram.
 Paszkowszczyzna [paʂkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland.
 Strzegów [ˈstʂɛɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Strzelin and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Natavalasa is a village and panchayat in Denkada mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India. It is located on the banks of River Champavathi.Natavalasa is Road junction with a diversion point on National Highway 5 between Srikakulam and Vizianagaram. National Highway 43 starts at this point to reach Raipur.
 Mabë is a settlement in the Lezhë District northwestern Albania. It is part of the municipality Dajç Lezhë.
 Sooriyamanal is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Govindpur Jhakhraha is a small village in the historical Vaishali district of Bihar India. It is situated east of district headquarters Hajipur across NH 103. The village falls under Bakarpur Panchayat of Rajapakar revenue block. The population of the village is approximately 1500. Bajjika is the main dialect but Hindi and Urdu is the medium of study. English is understood and spoken by few elites of the village.
 Bajgi (Persian: بجگي‎ also Romanized as Bajgī; also known as Pazhgī) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gornja Batina is a village in Croatia.
 Najm Sheykhan (Persian: نجم الشيخان‎ also Romanized as Najm Sheykhān; also known as Nāderchekhān Nadirchikhan Nadirchkhān Najm esh Sheykhān Najm osh Sheykhān Naz̧m-e Sheykhān and Naz̧m Sheykhān) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 77 families.
 Mečenčani (Serbian Cyrillic: Меченчани) is a village in the Donji Kukuruzari municipality Central Croatia.
 Driebergen-Rijsenburg is a town in the municipality Utrechtse Heuvelrug in the central Netherlands in the province of Utrecht.
 Hanburun is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Nowa Dąbrowa [ˈnɔva dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stara Dąbrowa 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 320.
 Malmurzyn [malˈmuʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Mniów and 16 km (10 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 153.
 Chahuiyeh (Persian: چاهوييه‎ also Romanized as Chāhūīyeh and Chāhūyeh; also known as Pangū‘īyeh) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Barbar Qaleh (Persian: بربرقلعه‎ also Romanized as Barbar Qal‘eh; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Barbak and Qal‘eh-ye Barbar) is a village in Atrak Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 380 in 85 families.
 Donji Adrovac (Serbian: Доњи Адровац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 761 people.
 Daghdaghan (Persian: دغدغان‎ also Romanized as Daghdaghān; also known as Tokhtugan Tūkhī Tūqān and Tykhtugan) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 43 families.
 Sangab (Persian: سنگ اب‎ also Romanized as Sangāb) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 36 families.
 Uzunoba is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمد اباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1038 in 292 families.
 Waarland (West Frisian: ´t Waarland) is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Schagen and lies about 6 km north of Heerhugowaard.In 2001 the village of Waarland had 1423 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.43 km² and contained 550 residences.The statistical area Waarland which also can include the peripheral parts of the village as well as the surrounding countryside has a population of around 2370.
 Podleszany [pɔdlɛˈʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Mielec and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1562.
 Shahrak-e Afaghaneh (Persian: شهرك افاغنه‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Afāghaneh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2565 in 471 families.
 Jameela Pet is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 Zimnochy-Świechy [ʑimˈnɔxɨ ˈɕfjɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Suraż and 21 km (13 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Avin-e Sofla (Persian: اوين سفلي‎ also Romanized as Āvīn-e Soflá; also known as Āvīn-e Pā’īn and Avin Pa’in) is a village in Fin Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 24 families.
 Podbrđe (Cyrillic: Подбрђе) is a village in Croatia.
 Chal Geru (Persian: چال گرو‎ also Romanized as Chāl Gerū) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 11 families.
 Gornja Slatina is a village in the municipality of Ribnik Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Anavilasam near Thekkady. Anavilasam is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Drewnica [drɛvˈnit͡sa] (German Schönbaum) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 24 km (15 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1793 the area was part of Royal Prussia in 1793-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 the Free City of Danzig 1939-45 Germany.
 Tarkhanabad (Persian: ترخان آباد‎ also Romanized as Tarkhānābād) is a village in Shuy Rural District in the Central District of Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 36 families.
 Henagehuwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Aşağıışıklar is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Bardaru (Persian: بردرو‎ also Romanized as Bardarū) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 50 families.
 Tarnowiec [tarˈnɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnówka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Tarnówka 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Złotów and 103 km (64 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.
 Kas Nazan (Persian: كس نزان‎ also Romanized as Kas Nazān and Kasnazān) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 746 in 157 families.
 Tysovets (Ukrainian: Тисовець) is an village in Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. It is a famous ski area and resort.
 Ali Hoseyn (Persian: علي حسين‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Ḩoseyn; also known as ‘Alī Ḩoseyn Shāh Karamī) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zakaria Kola (Persian: ذكرياكلا‎ also Romanized as Z̄akarīā Kolā and Z̄akarīyā Kolā; also known as Z̄akarīyā Kūlā Zekarreyā Kolā and Zekarrīā Kalā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 27 families.
 Nimgan (Persian: نيمگان‎ also Romanized as Nīmgān) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Mazegh-e Bala (Persian: مازغ بالا‎ also Romanized as Māzegh-e Bālā and Māzegh Bālā; also known as Mazagh Māzigh and Mazīq) is a village in Tiab Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1253 in 245 families.
 Danjino Selo is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 81 people.
 Gilbam (Persian: گيل بام‎ also Romanized as Gīlbām; also known as Galeh Bām) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 34 families.
 Shahrak-e Taleqani (Persian: شهرك طالقاني‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ţāleqānī) is a village in Veys Rural District Veys District Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2298 in 373 families.
 Kayabükü is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Unierzyż [uˈɲeʐɨʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) south of Mława and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 White Sands is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located on the southeast shore of Buffalo Lake northwest from the Town of Stettler and east of the Summer Village of Rochon Sands and Rochon Sands Provincial Park.The summer village is within the municipal boundaries of the County of Stettler No. 6.
 Rosemont is a village in Frederick County Maryland United States. The population was 294 at the 2010 census.
 Karagüveç is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Teymur Beyglu (Persian: تيموربيگلو‎ also Romanized as Teymūr Beyglū) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 11 families.
 Bliszczyce [bliʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Bleischwitz Czech: Bližčice or Blížčice) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border.
 Nichols is a village in Outagamie County Wisconsin United States. The population was 273 at the 2010 census.
 Krzyżanówka [kʂɨʐaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Sienno 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 130 km (81 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kazangan-e Olya (Persian: كزنگان عليا‎ also Romanized as Kazangān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 15 families.
 Sheshtanrud-e Bala (Persian: شصتانرودبالا‎ also Romanized as Sheştānrūd-e Bālā) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 20 families.
 Jenin [ˈjɛnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogdaniec within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Bogdaniec and 13 km (8 mi) southwest of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland immediately after World War II).The village has a population of 1100.
 Grandići (Cyrillic: Грандићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Doboj (Cyrillic: Добој) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Eydanak (Persian: ايدنك‎ also Romanized as ‘Īdanak) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 992 in 193 families.
 Aliabad-e Luleh (Persian: علي ابادلوله‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Lūleh Ali Abad Looleh and ‘Alīābād Lūleh; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 102 families.
 Manhalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bidar taluk of Bidar district in Karnataka.
 Al Khubah is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Ga Yakabou is a village in the commune of Parakou in the Borgou Department of central-eastern Benin. It is located north-west of Parakou city centre.
 Darangun (Persian: درنگون‎ also Romanized as Darangūn; also known as Daralgān Darangān Dorangān) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 12 families.
 Immadihalli is a suburb situated in the Eastern periphery of Bangalore City and part of the Internationally renowned Whitefield township. Immadihalli was a part of the Varthur Legislative Assembly but now belongs to the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike BBMP[1]. Immadihalli belongs to Mahadevapura Legislative Assembly in the state of Karnataka with effect from the year 2008. Immadihalli is very close to ITPL which is heart of IT in Bangalore.
 Jarszewko [jarˈʂɛfkɔ] (German Jassow am Hof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It is about 70 km from Szczecin and 30 km from Świnoujście. It is on the coast of the Szczecin Lagoon and has a population of about 80. It was first mentioned in 1590 and belonged to the family of von Flemming.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chah-e Abbasi (Persian: چاه عباسي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ‘Abbāsī; also known as Chāh-e ‘Abbās and Chāh-i ‘Abbās) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mohsenabad (Persian: محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩsenābād; also known as Muhsinābād) is a village in Garakan Rural District in the Central District of Ashtian County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 545 in 121 families.
 Bid-e Sara (Persian: بيدسرا‎ also Romanized as Bīd-e Sarā) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sar Dashtelah (Persian: سردشتله‎) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Käo Saare County is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Makhsar (Persian: مخ سر‎ also Romanized as Makhser and Mokhsar; also known as Mahser) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 56 families.
 Hudiya is a 300 year old village in Makrana Tehsil in Rajasthan state in India.
 Seyyed Adnan (Persian: سيدعدنان‎ also Romanized as Seyyed ‘Adnān) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 47 families.
 Barnkowo [barnˈkɔvɔ] (German: Bernickow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 28.
 Galovac is a village in Croatia.
 Jabuka (Cyrillic: Јабука) is a village situated in the Pančevo municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population is 6312 (2002 census).
 Paradis (Persian: پاراديس‎ also Romanized as Pārādīs) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Zeydun District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 10 families.
 Budy Łękawickie [ˈbudɨ wɛnkaˈvit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Silanga is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2260 and had 400 houses in the village.
 Qaleh Chanan (Persian: قلعه چنعان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Chan‘ān) is a village in Qaleh Chenan Rural District in the Central District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10363 in 1795 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Qaleh Shahid (Persian: محمدابادقلعه شهيد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Qal‘eh Shahīd) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 13 families.
 Çamdere is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 Osiedle Łokietka [ɔˈɕɛdlɛ wɔˈkʲɛtka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 657.
 Maliszów [maˈliʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kowala 12 km (7 mi) south of Radom and 103 km (64 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Qeyţās and Aḩmadābād-e Qeytās) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 124 families.
 Jastrząb [ˈjastʂɔmp] is a village in Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jastrząb. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Szydłowiec and 108 km (67 mi) south of Warsaw. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Szyd∏owiec and 108 km (67 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Deh-e ‘Īsā Khān) is a village in Mahvelat-e Shomali Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1165 in 256 families.
 Baqeriyeh-ye Bala (Persian: باقريه بالا‎ also Romanized as Bāqerīyeh-ye Bālā; also known as Bāgerīyeh Bāqerīyeh Haidārābād and Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 493 in 122 families.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Mardehek Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Morawy-Laski [mɔˈravɨ ˈlaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Antoniówka [antɔˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Jedlnia-Letnisko 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Radom and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Strzelin and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kutak-e Bala Shomareh-ye Yek (Persian: كوتك بالاشماره 1‎ also Romanized as Kūtak-e Bālā Shomāreh-ye Yek; also known as Kootak Kūdak Kūtak and Kūtak-e Bālā) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 589 in 120 families.
 Tepebaşı is a village in the District of Hasankeyf Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 270 people.
 Żuk Stary [ˈʐuk'-starɨ] (Ukrainian: Старий Жук Staryi Zhuk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Harasiuki 19 km (12 mi) east of Nisko and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Churan (Persian: چوران‎ also Romanized as Chūrān) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rampurwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3551 persons residing in 611 individual households.
 Hasanabad-e Pain (Persian: حسن ابادپايين‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 18 families.
 Borj-e Qardash (Persian: برج قارداش‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Qārdāsh; also known as Borj) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 21 families.
 Garmab (Persian: گرماب‎ also Romanized as Garmāb) is a village in Golian Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 32 families.
 Sar Kuraki-ye Deli Rich-e Olya (Persian: سركوركي دلي ريچ عليا‎ also Romanized as Sar Kūrakī-ye Delī Rīch-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sar Kūhakī and Sar Kūrakī) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 31 families.
 Reko is a village on the southwestern coast of Savo Island Central Province Solomon Islands. The Ocean Express stops off at Reko between Honiara and Tulagi.
 Guyjeh Qamalaq (Persian: گويجه قملاق‎ also Romanized as Gūyjeh Qamalāq; also known as Gowjeh Qamalāq and Gūyjeh Qamlān) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 51 families.
 Łojewo [wɔˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Damnica 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 86 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 209.
 Marianowo [marjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 17 families.
 Tantoti is a Village in the State of Rajasthan with a population of approximately 12000. The closest tourism destination to Tantoti is Ajmer. Other close by tourism destinations include Pushkar Kishangarh and Tonk. The nearest major railway station to Tantoti is Ajmer (AII) which is at a distance of 22.3 kilometres. The nearest airport is at Jaipur which is at a distance of 124 kilometres. Lying at an elevation of 1200 m which makes it a high-altitude Village.
 Jaroszewice Rychwalskie [jarɔʂɛˈvit͡sɛ rɨxˈfalskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Rychwał 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Konin and 92 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bukówka [buˈkufka] (German: Buchwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawka within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lubawka 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Kamienna Góra and 89 kilometres (55 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Dębowiec [ˈdɛ̃bɔviɛts] (German: Baumgarten Czech: Dubovec) is a village and the seat of Gmina Dębowiec Cieszyn County in Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has an area of 13.17 square kilometres (5.08 sq mi) and a population of 1772 (2007).It lies on the geographical border between Silesian Foothills Ostrava Basin and Oświęcim Basin on the Knajka river left tributary of the Vistula in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
 Uników [uˈnikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Złoczew 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rayamundanpatti is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Černíkovice (Rychnov nad Kněžnou District) is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mazanabad (Persian: مزن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazanābād) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Obórka [ɔˈburka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Gniezno and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 19 families.
 Jeziorko [jɛˈʑɔrkɔ] (German: Jesziorken; 1929-45: Preußenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Ryn 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Giżycko and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jezero (Kakanj) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Szczekarzewo [ʂt͡ʂɛkaˈʐɛvɔ] (German: Scheckensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Skępe 17 km (11 mi) east of Lipno and 55 km (34 mi) east of Toruń.
 Deurali Ramechhap is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3459.
 Kowalówka [kɔvaˈlufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszanów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Cieszanów 12 km (7 mi) north of Lubaczów and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Kraska [ˈkraska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Sarakeh (Persian: سراكه‎ also Romanized as Sarākeh) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 78 families.
 Kolgeh Deli Rich-e Olya (Persian: كلگه دلي ريچ عليا‎ also Romanized as Kolgeh Delī Rīch-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Nouamleine is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Lipowa Góra Wschodnia [liˈpɔva ˈɡura ˈfsxɔdɲa] (German: Lindenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Dzierżaniny [d͡ʑerʐaˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zakliczyn 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك آباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād; also known as Darreh-ye Shāshū) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 7 families.
 Kangeh (Persian: كنگه‎) is a village in Bajgan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 8 families.
 Kablima is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Abad Khureh (Persian: ابادخوره‎ also Romanized as Ābād Kūreh and Ābād Khurreh; also known as Ābād Khoreh and Ābād Khorreh) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pey Majan (Persian: پي مجان‎ also Romanized as Pey Majān) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Erdeč (Serbian: Ердеч) is a village in the municipality of Stanovo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 67 people.
 Wólka Nosowska [ˈvulka nɔˈsɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Łosice and 137 km (85 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Zielona [ʑeˈlɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Topola Katowa [tɔˈpɔla kaˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łęczyca and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bokówka [bɔˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Hajnówka and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Yarebichna is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province Bulgaria.Yarebichna is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province Bulgaria.It is surrounded by a quiet forest necklace. From sea capital can be reached by asphalt road in Kamenar to Balchik. The distance is 12 km. Can travel in and through Kicevo deviation Municipality. The old name of the village is small Franga. According to local legend a few centuries these places settled two French brothers.
 Orłów [ˈɔrwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Kutno and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 260.
 Tresfjord or Tresfjorden is a village in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located at the southern end of the fjord also named Tresfjorden. The village sits about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) south of the large village of Vestnes.
 Panieńszczyzna [paɲeɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Moridan (Persian: مريدان‎ also Romanized as Morīdān) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District Khoshk-e Bijar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 664 in 181 families.
 Asangi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Jamkhandi taluk of Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Lipniki Nowe [lipˈniki ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Pułtusk and 56 km (35 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Wachowice [vaxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Wybrany [vɨˈbranɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland.
 Presidencia Roca is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Węgierce [vɛnˈɡʲɛrt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnówka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Tarnówka 10 km (6 mi) west of Złotów and 106 km (66 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 120.
 Handaganawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province[citation needed].
 Santee is a village in Knox County Nebraska United States. The population was 346 at the 2010 census.
 Barovo is in the southern region of the Demir Kapija Municipality. It is a point on many searchable satellite or internet maps. Barovo is settled in a wooded area rather isolated on a road to the south of the town of Demir Kapija past the church. Barovo is the second inhabited village on this road to Konopiste. The village church built in 1908 unfortunately has fallen due to lack of inhabitants to care for it.
 Asiab Sham (Persian: آسياب شم‎ also Romanized as Āsīāb Sham‘) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 37 families.
 Chojęcin [xɔˈjɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bralin 3 km (2 mi) south-west of Kępno and 145 km (90 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 510.
 Sari Daraq (Persian: ساري درق‎ also Romanized as Sārī Daraq) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 25 families.
 Wheel of Fortune is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Doljane is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 262 people.
 Rokitno [rɔˈkitnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Kurowo within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Shahrestanak (Persian: شهرستانك‎ also Romanized as Shahrestānak and Shahristānak) is a village in Asara Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1048 in 317 families.
 Kangiqsualujjuaq (Inuktitut: ᑲᖏᖅᓱᐊᓗᔾᔪᐊᖅ; also Kangirsualujjuaq ᑲᖏᕐᓱᐊᓗᔾᔪᐊᖅ) is an Inuit village located on the east coast of Ungava Bay at the mouth of the George River in Nunavik Quebec Canada. Its population in the Canada 2011 Census was 874.The community has also been known as Fort Severight Fort George River George River and Port-Nouveau-Québec.
 Celiny [t͡sɛˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lelów 36 km (22 mi) east of Częstochowa and 70 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 73.
 Hemmatabad-e Olya (Persian: همت ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Hemmatābād-e Bālā) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 74 families.
 Palang Pareh (Persian: پلنگ پاره‎ also Romanized as Palang Pāreh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Grzeboszowice [ɡʐɛbɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Greboschowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Ujazd 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Strzelce Opolskie and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Dzielnica [d͡ʑelˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Żelechlinek 26 km (16 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Demshar-e Khurgu (Persian: ديمشهرخورگو‎ also Romanized as Demshar-e Khūrgū; also known as Dar-e Shahrū Dar Shīrū Khorgū Khowrgū Khurgu Khvorgū Shahroo and Shahrū) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Stoevtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Manakot is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1849 and had 376 houses in the village.
 Helle or Hella is a village in Naustdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located on the north side of the Førdefjorden about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southeast of the village of Indrevevring and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southwest of the municipal center of Naustdal. The population of Helle (2001) was 133.
 Boruzheh-ye Kohneh (Persian: بروژه كهنه‎ also Romanized as Borūzheh-ye Kohneh Beroozheh Kohneh and Borūzheh Kohneh; also known as Bardjakand) is a village in Shuy Rural District in the Central District of Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qaleh-ye Fereydun (Persian: قلعه فريدون‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Fereydūn and Qal‘eh-e Fereydūn; also known as Maḩmūd Shābī Maḩmūd Shāhī and Moḩmūd Shābī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Smolna [ˈsmɔlna] (German: Schmollen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Oleśnica and 27 km (17 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Skobelevo is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Aqchehlu (Persian: اقچه لو‎ also Romanized as Āqchehlū; also known as Āq Jālū and Aqjehlū) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 52 families.
 Przybkowo [pʂɨpˈkɔvɔ] (German: Philippshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.
 Weda is a coastal fishing village in North Maluku Indonesia located on the east coast of Halmahera. It is the capital of the Central Halmahera Regency. The Sawai language is spoken in Weda. It is also a common Persian name.
 Bądzyn [ˈbɔnd͡zɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lubowidz 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Żuromin and 126 km (78 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Bulak is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Jażdże [ˈjaʐd͡ʐɛ] (German: Jaasder Katen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Lish (Persian: ليش‎ also Romanized as Līsh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 116 families.
 Chahar Tang-e Qalandari (Persian: چهارتنگ قلندري‎ also Romanized as Chahār Tang-e Qalanadrī; also known as Chahār Tang and Chehār Tang) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 19 families.
 Chah Boneh (Persian: چاه بنه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Boneh) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Gaj [ɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Slåtten (sometimes Slotten; Northern Sami: Muotki) is a village in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located along the Revsbotn fjord along Norwegian County Road 889. It's located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of the village of Kokelv and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) south of Havøysund. Slotten Chapel is located in this very small village.
 Owieczki [ɔˈvjɛt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Goniądz 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Mońki and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Krężna-Kolonia [ˈkrɛ̃ʐna kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Udagama Pallegama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gołoniwy [ɡɔwɔˈnivɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jasienica Górna [jaɕeˈnit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Otmuchów 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Nysa and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 400.
 R.Pudupalayam (Tamil: இரா. புதுப்பாளையம் ) is a village panchayat near Rasipuram municipal corporation in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. [1] It is located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) from Salem Tamil Nadu. People use bus to commute for their business to the nearest location for business and personal works.And it is famous for handloom cotton sarees and silk sarees manufacturing.
 Deer Park is a village in St. Croix County Wisconsin United States. The population was 216 at the 2010 census.
 New Auburn is a village in Barron and Chippewa counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 548 at the 2010 census. Of this 528 were in Chippewa County and only 20 were in Barron County. The village is located mostly within the Town of Auburn in Chippewa County. A small portion extends east into the adjacent Town of Bloomer also in Chippewa County. A small portion also extends north into the Town of Dovre in Barron County.
 Yekmaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: يكماله سفلي‎ also Romanized as Yekmāleh-ye Soflá; also known as Yekmāleh and Yekmāleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Khvajeh Ghias (Persian: خواجه غياث‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Ghīās̄) is a village in Barvanan-e Markazi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 564 in 135 families.
 Humac is an uninhabited hamlet on Hvar Croatia. It is connected by the D116 highway. Located 350 m above sea level 10 km from Jelsa is a very old village where man has been living for centuries. There are many simple houses made of stone in its surroundings called trim built without binder in a way that they become narrower towards the top. Many of them have their original foundations from early Stone Age.
 Üçkuyular is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 22 people.
 Emamzadeh Qasem (Persian: امامزاده قاسم‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Qāsem) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 131 families.
 Kutlići (Serbian: Кутлићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wakułowicze [vakuwɔˈvʲit͡ʂɛ] (Ukrainian: Вакуловичі Vakulovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Nurzec-Stacja 9 km (6 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 20.
 Jannatabadqom (Persian: جنت آباد قم‎ also Romanized as Jannatābādqom) is a village in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1784 in 401 families.
 Marianowo [marjaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Marienfließ in Pommern) is a village in Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Marianowo. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 910.
 Murchi (Persian: مورچي‎ also Romanized as Mūrchī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kurkanlu-ye Olya (Persian: كوركانلوعليا‎ also Romanized as Kūrkānlū-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Kūrkānlū-ye Bālā Kūr Kānlū and Kūkānlū) is a village in Jirestan Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 33 families.
 Dreżewo [drɛˈʐɛvɔ] (German: Dresow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Karnice 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Gryfice and 77 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Bičer (Cyrillic: Бичер) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dizbon (Persian: ديزبن‎ also Romanized as Dīzbon) is a village in Layalestan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1290 in 352 families.
 Durukaynak is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Tajnud (Persian: تجنود‎ also Romanized as Tajnūd and Tejnūd; also known as Qal‘eh Tajnūd) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 54 families.
 Mowtowr-e Hajji Khoda Bakhsh (Persian: موتور حاجي خدابخش‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Khodā Bakhsh) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hayyeh (Persian: حيه‎ also Romanized as Ḩayyeh Hayah and Hayeh) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 Malá Morávka (German: Klein Mohrau) is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the Moravice River.
 Hisua is a city and a notified area in Nawada district in the Indian state of Bihar. It is situated on the right bank of the Tilaiya river along Gaya and Nawada road 9 miles (14 km) west of Nawada and 27 miles (43 km) east of Gaya. The city lies adjacent to the Tilaiya railway station on the Southern Bihar Railway. The primary occupation of Hisua's residents is agriculture and the town is well known for its pottery and local poetry.
 Shanbally (Irish: An Seanbhaile meaning the old town/homestead) is a small village located in south east County Cork on the N28 road. Shanbally includes a Catholic church a primary school a pub a shop and a GAA club. The village is located close to Ringaskiddy Monkstown and Carrigaline.The village church is the Catholic Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary.
 Udorpie [uˈdɔrpjɛ] (German: Hygendorf; Kashubian: Ùdorp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Bytów and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 757.
 Qeytaniyeh (Persian: قيطانيه‎ also Romanized as Qeyţānīyeh and Qaitānīyeh) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 53 families.
 Sumba is the southernmost village of the Faroe Islands on the island of Suðuroy. It is located in the Sumbiar municipality.
 Peyavin (Persian: پياوين‎ also Romanized as Peyāvīn) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 54 families.
 Cisew [ˈt͡ɕisɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Turek and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 918.
 Houtigehage (West Frisian: De Houtigehage) is a small village in Smallingerland in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 940 citizens (2004).
 Kolhar (Old) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kolhar taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Bokkawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Anusin [aˈnuɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Witonia 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Łęczyca and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Valgu (German: Walck) is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Pigłowice [piɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zaniemyśl 6 km (4 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 190.
 Kohoutov is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Shivagadhi is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4141 people living in 694 individual households.
 Koplin [ˈkɔplin] (German: Kopplinsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Choszczno (Arnswalde) and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin (Stettin).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Khezr Beyg (Persian: خضربيگ‎ also Romanized as Kheẕr Beyg and Khazar Beyg) is a village in Takab Rural District Kuhsorkh District Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1158 in 289 families.
 Räägi is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Barkad Jadid (Persian: بركاڈجديد‎ also Romanized as Barḵāɖ Jadīd; also known as Barkāh) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 97 families.
 Kalateh Shah Mir (Persian: كلاته شاه مير‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh Shāh Mīr and Kalāteh-ye Shāhmīr) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Riocito is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Kahang (Persian: كهنگ‎ also Romanized as Kohang; also known as Kohank) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 259 families.
 Vallabhnagar (वल्लभनगर) is a town and tehsil headquarters in Udaipur in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
 Deeghuparwar is a village in Deegh mandal in Sant Ravidas Nagar District in Uttar Pradesh State in India. Deegh Uparwar is 31.9 km from its District Main City Gyanpur and 215 km from its State Main City Lucknow.The locally famous Katara Market is situated in this village.
 Kalleh Ju (Persian: كله جو‎ also Romanized as Kalleh Jū) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 28 families.
 Ahsham Khosrow Khan (Persian: احشام خسروخان‎ also Romanized as Aḩshām Khosrow Khān) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Stary Wierzchucin [ˈstarɨ vjɛʂˈxut͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 40.
 Azizabad-e Qeytasvand (Persian: عزيزابادقطاسوند‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād-e Qeytāsvand; also known as ‘Azīzābād (Persian: عزيز آباد) and Deh Bozorg) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 22 families.
 Świerczyna [ɕfjɛrˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dłutów 13 km (8 mi) south of Pabianice and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Planina Donja is a village-like part of a Zagreb borough in Croatia.
 Parah Puneh (Persian: پاراپونه‎ also Romanized as Pārāh Pūneh; also known as Qanāt Para Pīvna Par Pīūneh and Pūneh) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 36 families.
 Brzeźnica [bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Burzenin 19 km (12 mi) south of Sieradz and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 145.
 Drzenin [ˈdʐɛnin] (formerly German Neuhaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Gryfino and 21 km (13 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 280.
 Huzhiyeh (Persian: هوژيه‎ also Romanized as Hūzhīyeh) is a village in Heyran Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Odzhek is a village in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Now) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 866 in 143 families.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 91 families.
 Sheykh Koli (Persian: شيخ كلي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Kolī; also known as Sheykh Kolá) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1065 in 261 families.
 Chenaruiyeh (Persian: چناروييه‎ also Romanized as Chenārū’īyeh and Chenārūyeh; also known as Chanaroo’eyeh Ya’ghoob) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Chrząstowo [xʂɔ̃sˈtɔvɔ] (German: Granzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kamień Pomorski and 67 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Toreby is a village in Guldborgsund Municipality on the Danish island of Lolland. It is located 6 km (3.7 mi) west of Nykøbing Falster and 11 km (6.8 mi) east of Sakskøbing. It had a population of 628 as of January 1 2014. The main road through the town is known as Torebyvej.
 Yamagarni is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Crnče is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 248 people.
 Krzyż [kʂɨʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Czersk 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 80 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 272.
 Tantura (Arabic: الطنطورة‎ al-Tantura lit. The Peak; Hebrew and Phoenician: דור Dor) was a Palestinian Arab fishing village located 8 kilometers (5 mi) northwest of Zikhron Ya'akov on the Mediterranean coast of Israel. It was built on the ruins of the ancient Phoenician city of Dor. In 1945 it had a population of 1490.
 Chal Chendar (Persian: چال چندار‎ also Romanized as Chāl Chendār and Chāl-e Chenār) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 46 families.
 Gisheh (Persian: گيشه‎ also Romanized as Gīsheh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 23 families.
 Hesarlu (Persian: حصارلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşārlū) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 47 families.
 Janki [ˈjaŋkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Hrubieszów and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 301.
 Mazraeh-ye Kivy (Persian: مزرعه كيوئ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Kīvy) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kotowo [kɔˈtɔvɔ] (German: Kottow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Dębnica Kaszubska 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 174.
 Hoseyn Safdar (Persian: حسين صفدر‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Şafdar) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 53 families.
 Korahana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Settur is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Stari Banovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Стари Бановци) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Stara Pazova municipality in the region of Srem (Srem District) Vojvodina province. The population of the village is 5488 people (2002 census) including 5034 ethnic Serbs.
 Rusiły [ruˈɕiwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podedwórze within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Podedwórze 26 km (16 mi) east of Parczew and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kostajnica (Cyrillic: Костајница) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kanse is a village located in Ambegaon tehsil in Pune district Maharastra state in India.Kanse and Shinoli are twin villages separated by Ghod river. Most of the resident population is Maratha's and the native language is Marathi. The village economy is dependent on farming. Poultry is another big business in Kanse. Major crops are sugar cane potatoes onions jowar and bajra. Borhade families happen to constitute the majority of the population in Kanse and Shinoli.
 Star chitak (Bulgarian: Стар читак) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 193.057 kilometres (119.960 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 1.505 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 17 people.
 Deh-e Masin (Persian: ده ماسين‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Māsīn and Deh Māsīn; also known as Deh Pāsīn) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 120 families.
 Zarguiyeh (Persian: زرگوئيه‎ also Romanized as Zargū’īyeh; also known as Zarkū’īyeh and Zarkūyeh) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tuh Chah-e Falavand (Persian: توه چاه فلاوند‎ also Romanized as Tūh Chāh-e Falāvand Tūchāh-e Falāvand and Tūchāh Falāvand; also known as Tūchāh) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Dobroszowice [dɔbrɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubrza 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Kargów [ˈkarɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Tuczępy 16 km (10 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Młody Niedróż [ˈmwɔdɨ ˈɲedruʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bowler is a village in Shawano County Wisconsin United States. The population was 302 at the 2010 census.
 Asefabad (Persian: آصف آباد‎ also Romanized as Āşefābād; also known as Āsifābād) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 44 families.
 Badiyeh-ye Seh (Persian: باديه سه‎ also Romanized as Bādīyeh-ye Seh) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 39 families.
 Aidanhal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Lingsugur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Valuste is a village in Lihula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Gavan Kola (Persian: گاوانكلا‎ also Romanized as Gāvān Kolā and Gāvān Kalā) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1311 in 357 families.
 Wiktorowo [viktɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Gutkowo [ɡutˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Siemiątkowo 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Żuromin and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Juan Jorba is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Cao Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Bạch Thông District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Malczów [ˈmalt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Gamhariya Birta is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4324 people living in 858 individual households.
 Bądkowo-Podlasie [bɔntˈkɔvɔ pɔdˈlaɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Płock and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 37.
 Gaft (Persian: گفت‎ also Romanized as Gowft and Goft) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 9 families.
 Zamin-e Tuman (Persian: زمين تومان‎ also Romanized as Zamīn-e Tūmān; also known as Zamīntamān and Zatmān) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 30 families.
 Naranwita is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ab Garm-e Qatursuyi (Persian: ابگرم قطورسويي‎ also Romanized as Āb Garm-e Qaṭūrsūyī) is a village in Meshgin-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Charlu (Persian: چرلو‎ also Romanized as Charlū) is a village in Soluk Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 40 families.
 Tepa-ye Olya (Persian: تپاعليا‎ also Romanized as Tepā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Tīā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Toruń Dworski [ˈtɔruɲ ˈdvɔrski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Nasielsk 10 km (6 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 About this sound Chybie is a village and the seat of Gmina Chybie in Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 3903 (2012) and lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.Polish actor Henryk Machalica was born in the village.
 Bid Shahrak (Persian: بيدشهرك‎ also Romanized as Bīd Shahrak) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 26 families.
 Vatmanabad (Persian: وتمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Vatmānābād) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 24 families.
 Deymeh-ye Kuchek (Persian: ديمه كوچك‎ also Romanized as Deymeh-ye Kūchek; also known as Dehmeh-ye Kūchak) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 25 families.
 Chandra Nagar is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6109 people living in 1087 individual households.
 Tekija is a village in the municipality of Kladovo in eastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 967 people.Tekija is an important strategic and touristic point on the Danube river. It lies in the Iron Gate gorge below the Miroč mountain overlooking the Romanian city of Orşova.
 Mahmudian (Persian: محموديان‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdīān; also known as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 142 families.
 Małówka [maˈwufka] (Ukrainian: Малівка Malivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Najdziszów [nai̯ˈd͡ʑiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mierzęcice within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Będzin and 20 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 182.
 Bieńki-Karkuty [ˈbjɛɲki karˈkutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 183.
 Brzeźno Szlacheckie [ˈbʐɛʑnɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] (Kashubian: Szlachecczé Brzézno German: Adlig Briesen) is a village in Gmina Lipnica Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Bytów and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 505.
 Retków [ˈrɛtkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Schalsum (West Frisian: Skalsum) is a small village in Franekeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 120 citizens (2004).
 Guandacol is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Chareh Su (Persian: چاره سو‎ also Romanized as Chāreh Sū) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Amupitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nurani is a village in Palakkad district of Kerala state in India comprising Tamil Brahmins.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Khavashod Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 300 in 93 families.
 Ganjak (Persian: گنجك‎) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 13 families.
 Udurawana Megodagammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Redlanka [rɛdˈlaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Kafi ol Molk (Persian: كافي الملك‎ also Romanized as Kāfī ol Molk Kāfī el Molk and Kāfī ol Melak; also known as Kafal’myul’k Kaflomolk Kaif al Mulk and Maḩalleh-ye Kāfī ol Malek) is a village in Guney-ye Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1340 in 415 families.
 Cloverdale is a village in Putnam County Ohio United States. The population was 168 at the 2010 census.
 Ishlaq (Persian: ايشلق‎ also Romanized as Īshlaq; also known as Ashlogh Eshlaq and Eshleq) is a village in Tirchai Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 171 families.
 Sheykh Hoseyn (Persian: شيخ حسين‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩoseyn; also known as Abū ‘Az̄ām Abū ‘Az̧ām and Sheykh Ḩoseynī) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 960 in 160 families.
 Maryamabad (Persian: مريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Maryamābād) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 7 families.
 Hoseynabad-e Sarhang (Persian: حسين ابادسرهنگ‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sarhang; also known as Hosein Abad and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 39 families.
 Cheloor is a place in Irinjalakuda municipality Thrissur district in the Indian state of Kerala. It is around 1 km from the famous Koodalmanikyam Temple.Cheloor is bordered by Edakulam on the south Edathirinji on the west Kanteshwaram on the north and Irinjalakuda town on the east.Irinjalakuda and Moonupeedika are the nearest towns.Irinjalakuda Municipal Bus Stand and Irinjalakuda KSRTC Bus Stand are the nearest bus stands.
 Mian Dowhan-e Sofla (Persian: مياندوهان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mīān Dowhān-e Soflá; also known as Mīān Dahān-e Soflá) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 22 families.
 Włościejewki [vwɔɕt͡ɕɛˈjɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Książ Wielkopolski 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Śrem and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 233.
 Międzyleś [mjɛnˈd͡zɨlɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Wołomin and 37 km (23 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 650.
 Orłowicze [ɔrwɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sokółka and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Hesar-e Teymur Tash (Persian: حصارتيمورتاش‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Teymūr Tāsh; also known as Ma‘şūm ‘Alī Tehmūrtāsh and Teymūr Tāsh) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 48 families.
 Parta Nagla is a village in the Aligarh district of Uttar Pradesh in India. It is 3 km away from the town Iglas. This village is well known for its record production of potato. The main occupation of this village is agriculture.The nearby villages are Bisahuli Katha Matroi and Chunni Nagla. There is a famous temple of Chamunda Mata near this village.
 Glinki [ˈɡlinki] (German: Neu Glinke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Koronowo and 30 km (19 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Bears or Beers is a small village in the Dutch province of Friesland. It is located in the municipality Littenseradiel about 8 km southwest of Leeuwarden.Bears has a population of about 120.The official name of the village is in Frisian (Bears) like all villages in Littenseradiel. Beers is the Dutch name.
 Paulinów [pauˈlinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lelów 42 km (26 mi) east of Częstochowa and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 49.
 Ojaküla is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Kostusin [kɔsˈtuɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Vysotsk (Ukrainian: Висоцьк; Polish: Wysock) is a village in Dubrovytsia Raion Rivne Oblast Ukraine. As of the year 2001 the community had 2235 residents. Postal code — 34111. KOATUU code — 5621882001.
 Rudawica [rudaˈvit͡sa] (formerly German Eisenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Żagań and 46 km (29 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Sang-e Bil (Persian: سنگ بيل‎ also Romanized as Sang-e Bīl and Sang va Bīl) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Selbustrand is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) across the lake Selbusjøen from the municipal center of Mebonden. The village of Fossan lies about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) to the northeast of Selbustrand. The Selbustrand Church is located in this village.
 Mahmudabad-e Kordeh (Persian: محمود آباد کرده‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Kordeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Javadiyeh (Persian: جواديه‎ also Romanized as Javādīyeh) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 574 in 162 families.
 Hardiya Paltuwa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2609 people living in 517 individual households.
 Čopice (Cyrillic: Чопице) is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cham-e Alishah (Persian: چم عليشاه‎ also Romanized as Cham-e ‘Alīshāh and Cham-e ‘Alī Shāh) is a village in Cham Kuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 554 in 133 families.
 Kömürlü is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province Turkey.It is situated to the north of Bozyazı . The distance to Bozyazı is 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) and to Mersin is 206 kilometres (128 mi). The population of the village is 336. as of 2011.
 Havistin (Persian: هاويستين‎ also Romanized as Hāvīstīn; also known as Havestīn and Havīstūn) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 90 families.
 Wola Mokrzeska [ˈvɔla mɔˈkʂɛska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyrów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Przyrów 24 km (15 mi) east of Częstochowa and 71 km (44 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 333.
 Dahimi-ye Do (Persian: دهيمي دو‎ also Romanized as Daḩīmī-ye Do; also known as Dahīmeh-ye Do) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1154 in 148 families.
 Tol-e Meshkin (Persian: تل مشكين‎ also Romanized as Tol-e Meshkīn; also known as Tol-e Meshgī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 51 families.
 Vilayannur is a village near Thenkurussi in the Palakkad district of Kerala India.
 Anielew [aˈɲɛlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kozy [ˈkɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Lipnica 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Bytów and 87 km (54 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Grabež (Cyrillic: Грабеж) is a village in the municipality of Bihać Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Papadindar-e Sofla (Persian: پاپاديندارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Pāpādīndār-e Soflá) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 10 families.
 Narayanpur Seti is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9091 living in 1346 individual households.
 Geçitköy Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Najjar Kola (Persian: نجاركلا‎ also Romanized as Najjār Kolā) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 13 families.
 Surak (Persian: سورك‎ also Romanized as Sūrak) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 31 families.
 Górna Wieś [ˈɡurna ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Błonie 19 km (12 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 32 km (20 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Nurmsi is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.Nurmsi Airfield (ICAO: EENI) is located near Nurmsi.
 Abbasabad-e Chahardah Masum (Persian: عباس ابادچهارده معصوم‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Chahārdah Ma‘şūm; also known as Tolombeh-ye ‘Abbāsābād-e Chahārdah Ma‘şūm) is a village in Mahmudabad-e Seyyed Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Elizówka [ɛliˈzufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Turobin 34 km (21 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 130.
 Walworth is a village in Walworth County Wisconsin United States. The population was 2816 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Walworth.
 Tang-e Chowgan-e Vosta (Persian: تنگ چوگان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Chowgān-e Vosţá; also known as Tang-e Chowgān-e Mīānī) is a village in Shapur Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 511 in 113 families.
 Albumraveh Shamkoli (Persian: البومروح شمكلي‎ also Romanized as Ālbūmraveḥ Shamḵolī; also known as Albamrāveh Al Bamrūḩ Shaljeh and Albomāveh) is a village in Karkheh Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 44 families.
 Suways is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Żychckie Osady [ˈʐɨxt͡skʲɛ ɔˈsadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Konarzyny 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Chojnice and 101 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 169.
 Koçyayla is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Kahyalar Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Paunevan (Persian: پاونوان‎ also Romanized as Pāūnevān) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 15 families.
 Zabłocie [zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Nurzec-Stacja 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Baghcheh (Persian: باغچه‎ also Romanized as Bāghcheh; also known as Bāghīcheh) is a village in Sangestan Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 64 families.
 Sonamar is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6019 people living in 1124 individual households.
 Ongwe Zayat is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Vana-Kuuste is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.Opera singer Ivo Posti (born 1975) was born in Vana-Kuuste.
 Grabówka [ɡraˈbufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Supraśl and 7 km (4 mi) east of the capital of the Polish Province of Podlaskie Białystok. It is served by Białystok's bus system.The village has a population of 1191.
 Monavari (Persian: منوري‎ also Romanized as Monavarī and Munāvari) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 15 families.
 Mikelrypsh (Abkhaz: Мқьалрыҧь Russian: Микелрипш or Мкялрыпш) is a village in the Gagra District of Abkhazia.
 Pomorzanki [pɔmɔˈʐaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Gostynin and 117 km (73 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Malinówka Wielka [maliˈnufka ˈvjɛlka] (German: Groß Malinowken (1938-45:Großschmieden)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Ełk and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 54.
 Niwka [ˈnifka] (German: Hohenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Czaplinek 27 km (17 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 109 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Madhyeharsahi is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3986 people living in 674 individual households.
 Konardan-e Sharqi (Persian: كناردان شرقي‎ also Romanized as Konārdān-e Sharqī; also known as Konārdān-e Shomalī) is a village in Mehregan Rural District in the Central District of Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 42 families.
 De Hoeve is a small village in the Dutch county of Weststellingwerf. It is located in an agriculture area between Wolvega and Noordwolde. De Hoeve has approximately 444 inhabitants (2005).
 Jangal Tut (Persian: جنگل توت‎ also Romanized as Jangal Tūt) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Noqreh Deh (Persian: نقره ده‎; also known as Nakordedi Noghreh Deh Noqar Deh and Nowkhowrdeh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1046 in 288 families.
 Ajvaj (Persian: اجواج‎ also Romanized as Ājvāj) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 411 in 82 families.
 Szklarnia [ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kákics is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Sanj Dan (Persian: سنجدان‎ also Romanized as Sanj Dān and Sanjdān) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 13 families.
 Poshtkuh-e Abdan (Persian: پشت كوه ابدان‎ also Romanized as Poshtkūh-e Ābdān) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 28 families.
 Vágáshuta (Slovak: Vágašská Huta) is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Aranguren is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Gródki [ˈɡrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Płośnica 11 km (7 mi) west of Działdowo and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 860.
 Borgowo [bɔrˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Śrem and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 110.
 Now Kand (Persian: نوكند‎) is a village in Tankaman Rural District Tankaman District Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1023 in 221 families.
 Dinakan (Persian: دينكان‎ also Romanized as Dīnakān) is a village in Derak Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2515 in 682 families.
 Chestimensko is a village in the municipality of Tervel in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Milje (Cyrillic: Миље) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Roqiyehabad (Persian: رقيه اباد‎ also Romanized as Roqīyehābād Roqyehābād and Roqīābād; also known as Rīgābād) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 60 families.
 Olang-e Asadi (Persian: النگ اسدي‎ also Romanized as Olang-e Āsadī) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 15 families.
 Bosque Farms is a village in Valencia County New Mexico United States. The population was 4092 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Wyręby [vɨˈrɛmbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dynów within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Dynów and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 229.
 Długa Wieś Trzecia [ˈdwuɡa ˈvjɛɕ ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Nosale [nɔˈsalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bralin 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Kępno and 145 km (90 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 200.
 Rahim Kandi (Persian: رحيم كندي‎ also Romanized as Raḥīm Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 18 families.
 Chah Kolak-e Pain (Persian: چاه كلك پايين‎ also Romanized as Chāh Kolak-e Pā’īn Chākūlak-e Pā’īn Chāh-e Golak-e Pā’īn Chāh Kalak Pā’īn and Chāh Kowlak-e Pā’īn; also known as Chāh-e Golak and Chāh Kūlak) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 South Glens Falls is a village in Saratoga County New York United States. The population was 3368 at the 2000 census. The village is in the northern part of the Town of Moreau south of the City of Glens Falls.Cooper's Cave shown on the village seal is named after the author James Fenimore Cooper. Cooper was inspired to use the area as a location in his novel The Last of The Mohicans after visiting the area.
 Nematabad (Persian: نعمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ne‘matābād) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 559 in 139 families.
 Mohammad Zeyna (Persian: محمدزينا‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Zeynā) is a village in Beyram Rural District Beyram District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 71 families.
 Narayanapuram is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state. The Destination covered by 40% of forest area. Special attractions at Naranpur is Entry doors... The Narayanpur town had 04 entry doors on North East West & South sides. Major business in Narayanpur making of Bricks.
 Hasanabad-e Chenar Sukhteh (Persian: حسن ابادچنارسوخته‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Chenār Sūkhteh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Ruin Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 49 families.
 Khaneh Sorkh (Persian: خانه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Sorkh) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 553 in 115 families.
 Gumtha is a village development committee in Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1788 people living in 358 individual households.
 Marusk (Persian: ماروسك‎ also Romanized as Mārūsk; also known as Mārūsh) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 103 families.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ʿAbbāsābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mohammadabad-e Amin (Persian: محمدابادامين‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Amīn and Moḩammadābād-e Amīnī) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 83 families.
 Mintowo [minˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Shur Gel (Persian: شورگل‎ also Romanized as Shūr Gel Shoor Gel and Shūr Gol) is a village in Kenarporuzh Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 119 families.
 Dubidanda is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3870 people living in 661 individual households.
 Pazarcı is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Mazidabad (Persian: مزيداباد‎ also Romanized as Mazīdābād; also known as Marzīdābād Maziawa and Mazlava) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 960 in 203 families.
 Javaher Deh (Persian: جواهرده‎ also Romanized as Javāher Deh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 76 families.
 Dragelji (Cyrillic: Драгељи) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hezar Mashki (Persian: هزارمشكي‎ also Romanized as Hezār Mashkī; also known as Tall Bozān-e Hezār Mīshī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rud-e Hasan-e Olya (Persian: رودحسن عليا‎ also Romanized as Rūd-e Ḩasan-e ‘Olyā and Rūd Ḩasan-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kaleh Mar Olya Kalleh Mār Kallehmār-e Bālā and Kalleh Mār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 104 families.
 Taveh Dashqoli (Persian: تاوه داشقلي‎ also Romanized as Tāveh Dāshqolī) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Osiniec [ɔˈɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Gniezno and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Totagatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Palat is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Mudigere is a village in Gubbi taluk in the Tumkur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 Dasht-e Ahu (Persian: دشت اهو‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Ahū; also known as Dasht-e Ahū-e Yek) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 37 families.
 Uda Henepola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Singchit is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260870.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Soltānābād) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nosowo [nɔˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biesiekierz within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Biesiekierz 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Koszalin and 121 km (75 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nowy Goniwilk [ˈnɔvɨ ɡɔˈnivilk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Żelechów 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 314.
 Agnam Thiodaye is a village in the Matam department in the north-east of Senegal.
 Karam Bal-e Ramazan (Persian: كرمبل رمضان‎ also Romanized as Karam Bal-e Ramaẕān; also known as Karīm Bāl) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 54 families.
 Gölbağı is a village in the District of Çelikhan Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Wierzbie [ˈvjɛʐbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Pierzchnica and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Ruszelczyce [ruʂɛlˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Krzywcza 19 km (12 mi) west of Przemyśl and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Deh-e Nasir (Persian: ده نصير‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Naşīr Deh-e Nāşer and Deh Nāsir) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 701 in 150 families.
 Grabowiec [ɡraˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Czarne 27 km (17 mi) west of Człuchów and 133 km (83 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 65.
 Strzałkowo [stʂau̯ˈkɔvɔ] (German: Hinzbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Łukta 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Górki Duże [ˈɡurki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4489 in 997 families.
 Gowmazi Kowsar (Persian: گو مازي کوثر‎ also Romanized as Gowmāzī Kows̄ar) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 7 families.
 Toczyski Średnie [tɔˈt͡ʂɨski ˈɕrɛdɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Jabłonna Lacka 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 102 km (63 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Annas Hope is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Eshkur (Persian: اشكور‎ also Romanized as Eshkūr) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 71 families.
 Bobrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Lubochenek [lubɔˈxɛnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Lubochnia 12 km (7 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ziqan (Persian: زيقان‎ also Romanized as Zīqān; also known as Zīqūn) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 45 families.
 Saijpur is a village located in the Anand district of Gujarat India near Borsad (11 km exactly). The pin code of Saijpur is 388570. The total population of the village is 4771 (2422 males 2349 females 994 households). The major buildings of the village include the Dairy Main entrance Gate Primary School High School Chabutari Mahadev Mandir Ambe ma Mandir and the Gram Panchayat community hall.The majority of the people are farmers.
 Sareyamou is a village and commune of the Cercle of Diré in the Tombouctou Region of Mali. The commune contains 11 settlements.
 Kalvan (Persian: كلوان‎ also Romanized as Kalvān; also known as Khālwān) is a village in Esfandan Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 847 in 193 families.
 Vlahovo (Svrljig) is a village in the municipality of Svrljig Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 163 people.
 Strąpie [ˈstrɔmpʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Barlinek 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Myślibórz and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kaşıkçılar Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 129 people.
 Malżyn [ˈmalʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lipnik 10 km (6 mi) south of Opatów and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 230.
 Pobeda Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Deh-e Rais (Persian: ده رئيس‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ra’īs; also known as Deh-e Ra’īs-e Gārūk Deh-e Ra’īs Gārūk Deh-e Ra’īsī and Ra’īsī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 433 in 107 families.
 Kiepojcie [kʲɛˈpɔi̯t͡ɕɛ] (German: Eszergallen until 1936 1936-38 Eschergallen 1938-45 Äschenbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Chinawal (village code 526909) is a village in the tehsil of Raver (sub-district code 03962) in Jalgaon district (district code 499) of Maharashtra state (state code 27) of India. Jalgaon district and hence Chinawal village is known for banana production. Apart from banana production Chinawal village is known for primary middle and high school educational facilities.
 Kartike Deurali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3214 in 533 individual households.
 Brookside is a village in Belmont County Ohio United States. It is part of the Wheeling West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 632 at the 2010 census.
 Milęcin [miˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mazraeh-ye Pagondeh (Persian: مزرعه پاگنده‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Pāgondeh; also known as Pā Gandeh Pāgondeh and Pa Gundeh) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Holand is a village in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. The village is located on the island of Langøya along the Sortlandssundet strait about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southwest of the town of Sortland and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southwest of the village of Bø.
 Tuzhal (Persian: توژل‎ also Romanized as Tūzhāl) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 46 families.
 Kadapiku is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northearn Estonia. It lies on the Valgejõgi River.
 Muntendam is a town in the Dutch province of Groningen municipality Menterwolde.Until 1990 it was a separate municipality which boasted the title 'reddest (most socialist) municipality in the Netherlands' with a council of 11 containing 7 PvdA (Labour Party) members and 2 CPN (Communist Party) members. (However nearby Reiderland had had a vast CPN majority since WWII so the claim is rather too strong).
 Rajugudem is a small village located adjacent to medium water project called as Lanka Sagar. It comes under the Mandal of Vemsoor in Andhra Pradesh. Most of the people in this village farmers peasants. So Rajugudem is a typical example of agrarian economy depending on the agriculture. In recent years due to the economic liberalization or market reforms there has been a tremendous development in Hyderabad.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād; also known as Saţānābād and Sūltānābād) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1454 in 331 families.
 Olpuch [ˈɔlpux] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Stara Kiszewa 13 km (8 mi) south of Kościerzyna and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 268.
 Butterfield is a village in Butterfield Township Barry County Missouri United States. The population was 470 at the 2010 census.
 Junkovac (Serbian: Јунковац) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Sharqabad (Persian: شرق اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharqābād) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 629 in 151 families.
 Loka pri Zidanem Mostu (pronounced [ˈloːka pɾi ˈziːdanɛm ˈmoːstu] ) is a village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Styria. The municipality is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدئ اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdiābād; also known as Mahdiābād) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 581 in 155 families.
 Tashan (Persian: تشان‎ also Romanized as Tashān; also known as Tashshān) is a village in Tashan Rural District Riz District Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1099 in 241 families.
 Seyyed Morteza (Persian: سيدمرتضي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Morteẕá and Seyyed Mortazā; also known as Deh-e Seyyed Morteẕá Deh-e Seyyed Mortezá and Saiyid Murtaza) is a village in Hanza Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 17 families.
 Sena Jan (Persian: سناجان‎ also Romanized as Senā Jān; also known as Sanāgān Sinagūn and Sīneh Gūm) is a village in Gandoman Rural District Gandoman District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 52 families.
 Yazıkara is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 138 people.
 Radziwiłka [rad͡ʑiˈviu̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Młodzieszyn 11 km (7 mi) north of Sochaczew and 57 km (35 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 55.
 Konyin is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Osów [ˈɔsuf] (formerly German Neu Ulm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Drezdenko 20 km (12 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 39 km (24 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ratmiwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bogmalo Beach (pronounced [bɔːɡmaːɭɔː]) is a small beach-side village in Goa India. It is situated in a small bay with around a mile of curving sandy beach.The beach is located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from Dabolim Airport and 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) from the port town of Vasco da Gama.
 Mahsayeh (Persian: ماه سايه‎ also Romanized as Māhsāyeh; also known as Māsāyeh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 31 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Amirabad-e Do (Persian: تلمبه اميراباد2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Amīrābād-e Do) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kaliri (Persian: كليري‎ also Romanized as Kalīrī) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 85 families.
 Wilków [ˈvʲilkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Biała Prudnicka 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Gutów [ˈɡutuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Owzun Qeshlaq (Persian: اوزون قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Owzūn Qeshlāq and Ūzūn Qeshlāq) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 61 families.
 Chah Amiq-e Astan Qods (Persian: چاه عميق استان قدس‎ also Romanized as Chāh ʿAmīq-e Āstān Qods) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Seqanliq (Persian: سقانليق‎ also Romanized as Seqānlīq Soqānlīq and Saqānlīq; also known as Sāqānlūq) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 826 in 207 families.
 Budki [ˈbutki] (German: Bottke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Główczyce 40 km (25 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (Bottke). For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Gia Ninh is a commune (xã) and village in Quảng Ninh District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Shahrak-e Darya Sar (Persian: شهرك درياسر‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Daryā Sar; also known as Daryā Sar) is a village in Barik Rud Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 20 families.
 Thurkaguda is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ibrahimpatnam mandal.
 Bartniki [bartˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Przasnysz and 91 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Bhendwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Montour Falls is a village in Schuyler County New York United States. The population was 1797 at the 2000 census. A waterfall in the village gives the village its name. The name Montour is derived from Queen Catharine Montour of the Senecas.The Village of Montour Falls is mostly within the Town of Montour but a small part in within the Town of Dix. The village is north of Elmira New York.The New York Academy of Fire Science is located in the village.
 Uszczonów [uʂˈt͡ʂɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Jemielno 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Góra and 69 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Gaszowice [ɡaʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Gaschowitz) is a village in southern Poland located in the Silesian Voivodeship in Rybnik County (Gmina Gaszowice). From 1975 to 1998 the village belonged to and was administered by the Katowice Voivodeship. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Rybnik and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Galaginakatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Wola Zachariaszowska [ˈvɔla zaxarjaˈʂɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 320.
 Cham (Persian: چم‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 7 families.
 Pastwa [ˈpastfa] (German: Groß Weide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Kwidzyn and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 282.
 Kulsavand (Persian: كولسوند‎ also Romanized as Kūlsavand) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 35 families.
 Mian Kol (Persian: ميانكل‎ also Romanized as Mīān Kol) is a village in Chukam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 60 families.
 Hořičky is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Rosko [ˈrɔskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wieleń 18 km (11 mi) west of Czarnków and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1450.
 Muzi Bon (Persian: موزي بن‎ also Romanized as Mūzī Bon) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 65 families.
 Kaseh Gar Mahalleh (Persian: كاسه گرمحله‎ also Romanized as Kāseh Gar Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 80 families.
 Gurshad Kandi (Persian: گورشادكندي‎ also Romanized as Gūrshād Kandī; also known as Āq Qabāq-e Golshād Kandī and Gūrshādī Kandī) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 14 families.
 Czestków A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Buczek 4 km (2 mi) south of Łask and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Wawrzynki [vaˈvʐɨŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Żnin and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Łukawica [wukaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Baranów 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Puławy and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bond-e Bari (Persian: بندبري‎ also Romanized as Bond-e Barī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 58 families.
 La intermedia is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Witoldów [viˈtɔlduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wojsławice 26 km (16 mi) south of Chełm and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sołeczno [sɔˈwɛt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Aghcheh Ziveh (Persian: اغچه زيوه‎ also Romanized as Āghcheh Zīveh) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Wisłoczek [vʲiˈswɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 km (4 mi) south of Rymanów 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Krosno and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Üçkonak Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Osojnik is a village in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County Croatia. The settlement is administered as a part of the city of Dubrovnik.According to national census of 2001 population of the settlement is 321.
 Nobliny [nɔˈblinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Borne Sulinowo 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Szczecinek and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Drahim County and History of Pomerania.
 Pallipattu (Tamil: பள்ளிபட்டு) is one of the revenue village in Cuddalore district of Indian state Tamil Nadu.
 Tolombeh-ye Hajj Abdollah Saleh Shury (Persian: تلمبه حاج عبداله سلحشورئ‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩājj ‘Abdollah Saleḩ Shūry) is a village in Tang-e Narak Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tilooyi (Persian: تیلوئی ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 37 families.
 Meyab (Persian: مياب‎ also Romanized as Meyāb and Mīāb; also known as Mayu and Mīow) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 668 in 177 families.
 Perumpilavu is a village is located in north of Kunnamkulam in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala in India.It is a trijunction of the towns of Kuttippuram in Malappuram district Pattambi in Palakkad district and Kunnamkulam in Thrissur District. In the 20th century it used to be more known for its weekly cattle market. The cattle market was held till late 90's.
 Simkuiyeh (Persian: سيمكوئيه‎ also Romanized as Sīmkū’īyeh; also known as Semkūeeyeh) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 40 families.
 Selatin is a village in the District of Germencik Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 441 people.
 Draganići is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 350 people.
 Mazaj (Persian: مزج‎ also Romanized as Mazj; also known as Magās Maghāzu and Maghz) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Gharbi Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 666 in 215 families.
 Saghadeh (Persian: صغاده‎ also Romanized as Şaghādeh and Şoghādeh; also known as Chagādeh Seqādeh Şoghād and Sugādeh) is a village in Khafr Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 816 in 206 families.
 Begovo Brdo (Serbian Cyrillic: Бегово Брдо) is a village in Kruševac Rasina district Serbia.
 Genionys is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 30 people.
 Leszczyn Księży [ˈlɛʂt͡ʂɨn ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Laheva is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Avşar is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 569 people.
 Pławty Wielkie [ˈpwaftɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Plauth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kisielice within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kisielice 23 km (14 mi) west of Iława and 85 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Miodowice [mjɔdɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przybiernów 23 km (14 mi) north of Goleniów and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Belaguthi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Honnali taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Kher Khereh (Persian: خرخره‎ also Romanized as Kherkhereh; also known as Jazīreh Kher Khereh and Beyt-e Yāsīn) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 106 families.
 Baltalı is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 30 people.
 Malinowo [maliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Klukowo 22 km (14 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Miðvágur (Danish: Midvåg English: Midway) is a village in the Faroe Islands on Vágar. It has been a municipality until 1 January 2009 when it fused with Sandavágur into Vága kommuna.Located on the south coast of the island of Vágar Miðvágur is the largest town on this Faroese island. For years Miðvágur has been known as a good location for whaling and traditionally bells would ring with the cry Grindaboð! - Pilot whale ahoy!
 Walerów [vaˈlɛruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 82 km (51 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Qebleh Ei Bala (Persian: قبله اي بالا‎ also Romanized as Qebleh Eī Bālā Qebleh’ī-ye Bālā and Qeblehī-ye Bālā) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kontrewers [kɔnˈtrɛvɛrs] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Mniów and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 61.
 Đeče (Serbian: Ђече) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kawaswati is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6551 people living in 1169 individual households.
 Zangi Kuh (Persian: زنگي كوه‎ also Romanized as Zangī Kūh; also known as Dāgh Zangī and Dag-Zangi) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 40 families.
 Kępa Wielka [ˈkɛmpa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Zaniemyśl 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Sijekovac (Cyrillic: Сијековац) is a village in the municipality of Brod Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the location of Sijekovac killings that occurred during the Bosnian War.
 Ballingurteen (Irish: Baile an Ghoirtín) is a village in County Cork in the southwest of Ireland. It lies on the R599 road between the towns of Dunmanway and Clonakilty.
 Cheshmeh Qanbar (Persian: چشمه قنبر‎) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 9 families.
 Mirozg (Persian: ميرزگ‎ also Romanized as Mīrozg and Mīrozk; also known as Mīrīz) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 42 families.
 Hathiyahi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4419 people living in 783 individual households.
 Shipchenite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Stryki [ˈstrɨkʲi] (Ukrainian: Стрики Stryky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Krzyżka [ˈkʂɨʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchedniów within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Suchedniów 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 180.
 Nieszkowice Wielkie [ɲɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Bochnia and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Cheshmeh Goli-ye Shahniz (Persian: چشمه گلي شهنيز‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Golī-ye Shahnīz; also known as Cheshmeh Golī) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 15 families.
 Taungtha is a small village in Chauk Township Magway Division north-central Burma (Myanmar) next to the village of Kyatkan.
 Yaprakhisar Güzelyurt is a village in the District of Güzelyurt Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Włodzimierzów [vwɔd͡ʑiˈmjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.The village has a population of 1300.
 Ranilović (Serbian: Раниловић) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1685 people.
 Lusławice [luswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-west of Zakliczyn 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 920.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Obořiště is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Biljin is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tserovo is a village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated in Rila mountain 7 kilometers southwest of Blagoevgrad. Most of the inhabitants are of pomak origin. Cultivating tobacco and sheep and goat farming are the only sources of income for the village. South of the village on the hills over the left bank of Struma river there are ruins of the mountainous fortress Tserovo built in the 3rd century.
 Igder-e Sofla (Persian: ايگدرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Īgder-e Soflá; also known as Īgder-e Pā’īn and Īgūr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2318 in 487 families.
 Sokolniki Wielkie [sɔkɔlˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Lipinki [lʲiˈpʲiŋkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Żmudź 21 km (13 mi) east of Chełm and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Robat (Persian: رباط‎ also Romanized as Robāţ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ab Kenaru (Persian: اب كنارو‎ also Romanized as Āb Kenārū; also known as Āb Kenārūn) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Dankowice [dankɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Strzelin and 46 kilometres (29 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Deh-e Chol-e Delita (Persian: ده چل دلي تا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Chol-e Delītā; also known as Deh-e Chol) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 9 families.
 Waterville is a village in Oneida County New York United States. According to the 2010 census its population was 1583.
 Deh-e Abbas (Persian: ده عباس‎ also Romanized as Deh-e ‘Abbās and Deh ‘Abbās; also known as Da Abbas) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 31 families.
 Boydere is a village in the District of Koçarlı Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 207 people.
 Qalehlar (Persian: قلعه لر‎ also Romanized as Qal‘ehlar; also known as Ghal’eh Lar and Kalalar) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 40 families.
 Sękowo [sɛnˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 85.
 Sangak (Persian: سنگك‎) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 113 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 8 families.
 Pustkowie [pustˈkɔvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 34 kilometres (21 mi) east of Żagań and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bruny [ˈbrunɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Ribići is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dadibhavi Salapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Estarband (Persian: استربند‎ also Romanized as Esterband; also known as Estarbad) is a village in Forumad Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 93 families.
 Łady [ˈwadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Raszyn 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Pruszków and 11 km (7 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Przesieki [pʂɛˈɕɛki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Krzyż Wielkopolski 42 km (26 mi) west of Czarnków and 93 km (58 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Bijela (Cyrillic: Бијела) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Great Neck is a village in the town of North Hempstead in Nassau County New York in the U.S. on the North Shore of Long Island. It sits on the New York City / Nassau County border. As of the 2010 United States Census the village population was 9989.The term Great Neck is also commonly applied to the entire peninsula on the north shore and an area extending south to and including Lake Success.
 Sherkat-e Simorgh (Persian: شركت سيمرغ‎ also Romanized as Sherkat-e Sīmorgh; also known as Sherkat-e Sīmorgh Mazra‘eh-ye Zahrā and Mazra‘eh-ye Zahrā) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District in the Central District of Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Värssu is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Ruskie Piaski [ˈruskʲɛ ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Zamość and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Boshkeh (Persian: بشكه‎) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dehnow-e Seh (Persian: ده نو3‎ also known as Deh-e Now and Dehnow) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 14 families.
 Załom [ˈzawɔm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Goleniów and 11 km (7 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Fahneh (Persian: فهنه‎; also known as Panāh and Zakhin) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 159 families.
 Çamarası is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 134 people.
 Kostki-Pieńki [ˈkɔstki ˈpjɛɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Krakowiany [krakɔˈvjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Krusze [ˈkruʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Warlubie 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Świecie and 56 km (35 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 200.
 Puthenthope (Puthen - New Thope - Orchard)is a coastal village in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum) district in Kerala India and situated 19 km northwest of City centre 16 km from Trivandrum International Airport. The village is mostly covered with coconut palms and cashew trees. Its western side edges the Arabian sea while the east is separated by Parvathi Puthanar a manmade canal completed during the time of Regent Sethu Lakshmi Bhai of Travancore Kingdom.
 Milonki [miˈlɔŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liniewo within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Liniewo 21 km (13 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 43 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 62.
 Karakese is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 Zaolzie [zaˈɔlʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Kavaklıpınar is a village in the Mersin Province Turkey. It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Mersin city). It is situated in the Toros Mountains. The distance to Mersin city center is 48 kilometres (30 mi). The population of the village is 287 as of 2011.
 Chah Nareh Cha Abbasi (Persian: چاه نره چاعباسي‎ also Romanized as Chāh Nareh Chā ʿAbbāsī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Rezaabad-e Taheri (Persian: رضاابادطاهري‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād-e Ţāherī; also known as Reẕāābād) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 56 families.
 Stara Dziedzina [ˈstara d͡ʑeˈd͡ʑina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 145.
 Wólka Niska [ˈvulka ˈniska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sanniki 29 km (18 mi) east of Gostynin and 78 km (48 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 190.
 Indreskomo is a village in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. The village is located near the end of the Skillbotnfjorden about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the town of Brønnøysund. The Skogmo Chapel is located in this village.
 Baranowo [baraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Atholi is a Grama Panchayath in Kozhikode district of Kerala state South India. It is a small town on the banks of Korapuzha river. State highway to Kuttiyadi passes through Atholi and it is connected to National Highway 17 through Kuniyil Kadavu bridge which is the longest in Kozhikode district.
 Alijan (Persian: آليجان‎ also Romanized as Ālījān and ‘Alījān) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 38 families.
 Chenar-e Sonqor (Persian: چنارسنقر‎ also Romanized as Chenār-e Sonqor) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bulianów [buˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Fałków 26 km (16 mi) west of Końskie and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 71.
 Jabdi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6507 people living in 1135 individual households.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Słochy Annopolskie [ˈswɔxɨ annɔˈpɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Ljubanje (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубање) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 708.
 Hirmuste is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Nellikudur is a village and a mandal in Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Chalelu Badianlu (Persian: چاللوباديانلو‎ also Romanized as Chālelū Bādīānlū; also known as Chālelū Naṣīrpūr) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 30 families.
 Zaścianek [zaɕˈt͡ɕanɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 West Union is a village in Adams County Ohio United States. The population was 3241 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Adams County.West Union is served by West Union High School the Adams County/Ohio Valley School District and the Adams County Public Library.
 Põhara is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 98 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Wojdal [ˈvɔi̯dal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakość within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pakość 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Inowrocław 29 km (18 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Agadi (Haveri) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Haveri taluk of Haveri district in Karnataka.
 Maximovca is a commune and village in the Anenii Noi district of Moldova.
 Zahirabad-e Pain (Persian: ظهيرابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Z̧ahīrābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Ribāt-i-Bībi Z̧ahīrābād and Z̧ahīrābād Soflā) is a village in Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 57 families.
 Rukovan (Persian: روكوان‎ also Romanized as Rūkovān) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 9 families.
 Danówek [daˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Osedalen is a village in the municipality of Froland in Aust-Agder Norway. The village has grown together with the administrative centre Blakstad and the combined population (2009) is 2083.
 Fordyce is a village in Cedar County Nebraska United States. The population was 139 at the 2010 census.
 Velashjerd (Persian: ولاشجرد‎ also Romanized as Velāshjerd and Valāshjerd; also known as Bīlāskīrt Valāsjerd Valāzjerd and Walashgird) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 29 families.
 Simina is a village in Kamrup rural district situated near south bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Hornówek [xɔrˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Izabelin 8 km (5 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Núi Tô is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Bambarabedde Devainnegama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Krynki-Białokunki [ˈkrɨnki bjawɔˈkunki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Behuyeh (Persian: بهويه‎ also Romanized as Behūyeh and Behvieh; also known as Būhū) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District Poshtkuh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 90 families.
 Miduthuru is a village in Andhra Pradesh India. It is located about 240 km from Hyderabad 30 km from Kurnool 9 km from Nandikotkur and 48 km from Nandyal.
 Itagi small temple town in North Karnataka It is famous for the temple of Bheemavva or BhimambikaIt is in Gadag District Ron Taluk in Karnataka India. About 13 km from Gajendragad Kalkaleshwara temple. Hundreds and thousands of Believers throng everyday to this place. People get their wishes fulfilled by a Bhimambika. Every year here at Itagi Annual car festival will hold darty Dharma Devaru it is one of the very famous Jatra in North Karnataka
 Camiliören is a village in the District of Gülağaç Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Zangatihal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kruszka [ˈkruʂka] (Kashubian: Kruszkô; German: Kruschke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 148.
 Dvorište is a village in the municipality of Golubac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 305 people.
 Chah-e Bidak (Persian: چاه بيدك‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Bīdak) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 10 families.
 Włóki [ˈvwuki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mikołajki [mikɔˈwai̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Łomża and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dehiattawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mowtowr-e Hay-e Hoseynabad Hur (Persian: موتورهاي حسين ابادحور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hāy-e Ḩoseynābād Ḩūr) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 27 families.
 Miklusėnai is a village in Alytus district municipality in Alytus County in south Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 1021 people. Village name first time mentioned in 1744.
 Ożańsk [ˈɔʐaɲsk] (Ukrainian: Ожансько Ozhans’ko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Pawłosiów 9 km (6 mi) west of Jarosław and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Gyaraspur is a panchayat village in the Vidisha district Madhya Pradesh India. It is also the headquarters of a tehsil of the same name.
 Ayanathathanur is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Choryń [ˈxɔrɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Kościan and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 415.
 Santhipuram is a small town and a Mandal HQ in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Once a sleepy village with hardly 6 houses and an elementary school which looked like all covered by two gigantic banyan trees has transformed in the last 20 years into a thriving little town. The local economy is supported by the traditional agriculture base as well as vibrant businesses. The river Palar is crucial for the agricultural sustainability in this area.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ryjewo 15 km (9 mi) north of Kwidzyn and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Mazraeh-ye Hamidieh (Persian: مزرعه حميديه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Hamīdīeh) is a village in Ramjin Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 18 families.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Khodad Bahram Nezhad (Persian: موتورپم پخدادبهرام نژاد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Khodād Bahrām Nezhād) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Hesar (Persian: حصار‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1944 in 542 families.
 Thunjanur (Tamil: துஞ்சனூர் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Shur Gol (Persian: شورگل‎ also Romanized as Shūr Gol) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 650 in 126 families.
 Rekat-e Sofla (Persian: ركاتسفلي‎ also Romanized as Rekāt-e Soflá and Rekat Soflá; also known as Rekāt-e Pā’īn Rikāt Rīkat-e Pā’īn and Rokāt Pā’īn) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 28 families.
 Woodland is a village in Chickasaw County Mississippi. The population was 125 at the 2010 census.
 Dumlu is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 44 people.
 Sulakan (Persian: سولاكان‎ also Romanized as Sūlākān; also known as Sūleh Kān and Sūlehkān) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 23 families.
 Cieśle [ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Płock and 74 km (46 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Antoniówka [antɔˈɲufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kleszczów 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Qaratlu (Persian: قراتلو‎ also Romanized as Qarātlū; also known as Gharatloo and Kanatlu) is a village in Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District Gol Tappeh District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 118 families.
 Banak (Persian: بنك‎) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 313 in 74 families.
 The Incorporated Village of Sea Cliff is a village located within the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County New York. As of the United States 2010 Census the village population was 4995.
 Brdo (Donji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Dulah Sar (Persian: دوله سر‎ also Romanized as Dūlah Sar) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 14 families.
 Aliabad-e Sofla (Persian: علي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Soflá; also known as ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 126 families.
 Shalili-ye Kuchek (Persian: شليلي كوچك‎ also Romanized as Shalīlī-ye Kūchek and Shalīlī-ye Kūchak; also known as Shalīlī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 35 families.
 Rogers is a village in Colfax County Nebraska United States. The population was 95 at the 2010 census.
 Woodmere is a village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. It is a suburb of Cleveland. The population was 884 at the 2010 census. The village is bounded on the north by the city of Pepper Pike on the west by the city of Beachwood; its largest length of border on the south and east is bounded by the village of Orange.
 Seyavel (Persian: سياول‎ also Romanized as Seyāvel Sīāval Siyāwal and Sīāh Val) is a village in Zhan Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 52 families.
 Lipno [ˈlʲipnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Oksa 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 370.
 Ząbków [ˈzɔmpkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 83 km (52 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Wesoła [vɛˈsɔwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychtal within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Broninek [brɔˈninɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bagh-e Now (Persian: باغ نو‎; also Romanized as Bāgh-e Now) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zdrody Stare [ˈzdrɔdɨ ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Poświętne and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ab Laran (Persian: ابلاران‎ also Romanized as Āb Lārān; also known as Āb Lārūn) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 28 families.
 Podmokle Małe [pɔdˈmɔklɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Posemuckel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Babimost 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Kızılağaç Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Tudar-e Ruteh (Persian: تودارروته‎ also Romanized as Tūdār-e Rūteh; also known as Tūdār-e Rūneh Tū’ī Dartān Tūtdār-e Rūteh and Tu yi Dar Ruten) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 640 in 154 families.
 Kileh Kabud (Persian: كيله كبود‎ also Romanized as Kīleh Kabūd and Kīlah Kabūd; also known as Kela Kabūd and Kel Kabūd) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 358 in 74 families.int== References ==
 Amashiyeh-ye Yek (Persian: عماشيه يك‎ also Romanized as ‘Amāshīyeh-ye Yek) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 328 in 67 families.
 Dębowiec [dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Skierbieszów 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Zamość and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nalbu is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1567 people living in 289 individual households.
 Shirazi-ye Vosta (Persian: شيرازي وسطي‎ also Romanized as Shīrāzī-ye Vosţá; also known as Shīrāzī-ye Babrī) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Mohammadabad-e Asghar Khan (Persian: محمداباداصغرخان‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Aṣghar Khān; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Karīmkhān) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 671 in 125 families.
 Yalnızceviz Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Kal Judun (Persian: كل جودون‎ also Romanized as Kal Jūdūn) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darband (Persian: دربند‎) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 96 families.
 Foulatari is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Tharuvaikulam is a Village in Thoothukudi District of Tamil Nadu South India. There are about 3000 mostly Catholic families living there. It boasts of some of the best Prawn hatcheries and Salt Pans in Tamil Nadu. It falls under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Thoothukudi and the feast of St.Michael is a popular religious festival.
 Gorji Sara (Persian: گرجي سرا‎ also Romanized as Gorjī Sarā; also known as Gach Sarā) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District Kelarabad District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 75 families.
 Gulkajmy [ɡulˈkai̯mɨ] (German: Gahlkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Dul Bahar (Persian: دول بهار‎ also Romanized as Dūl Bahār) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 4 families.
 Śliwaków [ɕliˈvakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kłomnice 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 81 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 84.
 Arthur is a village in and the county seat of Arthur County Nebraska United States. The population was 117 at the 2010 census.
 Świerki [ˈɕfjɛrki] (German: Königswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Nowa Ruda 27 kilometres (17 mi) north-west of Kłodzko and 70 kilometres (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kurteh Kavil (Persian: كورته كويل‎ also Romanized as Kūrteh Kavīl; also known as Kūr Takvīl) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 12 families.
 Olszyna [ɔlˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ostrzeszów and 130 km (81 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ottankadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Łomno [ˈwɔmnɔ] (German: Lomno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Wesoła [vɛˈsɔwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rybno 11 km (7 mi) west of Sochaczew and 62 km (39 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Pungankuzhi is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Gornje Sokolovo is a village in the municipality of Ribnik Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jamar Jan (Persian: جمارجان‎ also Romanized as Jamār Jān and Jomār Jān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Donja Međiđa is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chah-e Gonbad Talkh (Persian: چاه گنبدتلخ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Gonbad Talkh and Chāh Gunbad Talkh) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 7 families.
 Gopalpur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4076 persons living in 709 individual households.
 Gownjuk-e Olya (Persian: گون جوك عليا‎ also Romanized as Gownjūk-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gavanjūk-e Bālā) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 147 families.
 Oświęcim [ɔɕˈfjɛnt͡ɕim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Doruchów 14 km (9 mi) east of Ostrzeszów and 140 km (87 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 120.
 Medakanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Rowshanabsar-e Pain (Persian: روشن ابسرپائين‎ also Romanized as Rowshanābsar-e Pā’īn; also known as Rowshanābsar) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 15 families.
 Murgaš is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 559 people.
 Çalıpınar is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Margh (Persian: مرغ‎ also Romanized as Morgh; also known as Marq) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 17 families.
 Meerapalu is a village in Meeksi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Sarijalu (Persian: ساري جالو‎ also Romanized as Sārījālū) is a village in Afshar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 28 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ayn al-Bardah (Arabic: عين الباردة‎; ALA-LC: ‘Ayn al-Bārdah which means cold spring) is a Greek Orthodox Christian village in Syria 55 kilometres west of Homs and 200 kilometres north-west of Damascus. Nestled on the Sayeh mountain at 850 metres above sea level the village overlooks the Valley of Christians and oversees the Mediterranean sea.
 Sarvu (Persian: سروو‎ also Romanized as Sarvū; also known as Sarv) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 33 families.
 Dochówko [dɔˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Główczyce 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 30.
 Michalin [miˈxalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 24 km (15 mi) west-north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Banuj (Persian: بانوج‎ also Romanized as Bānūj; also known as Banūch and Bāynūj) is a village in Hashivar Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2402 in 596 families.
 Qaleh Sorkh (Persian: قلعه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sorkh; also known as Ghal‘eh Sorkh) is a village in Ashayer Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1241 in 263 families.
 Soszyce [sɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (German: Augustfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Czarna Dąbrówka 31 km (19 mi) north of Bytów and 74 km (46 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 20.
 Kamieniec [kaˈmjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Szczawin Kościelny 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 96 km (60 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Godacze [ɡɔˈdat͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Świercze 21 km (13 mi) west of Pułtusk and 56 km (35 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Borzysław [bɔˈʐɨswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kępice 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Słupsk and 119 km (74 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 58.
 Kolonia Kamieńczykowska [kɔˈlɔɲa kamjɛɲt͡ʂɨˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Eyn-e Do (Persian: عين دو‎ also Romanized as ‘Eyn-e Do) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14226 in 2543 families.
 Wólka Tarnowska [ˈvulka tarˈnɔfska] (Ukrainian: Вілька Тернівська Vil’ka Ternivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wierzbica 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Chełm and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 160.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محمود اباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Yanqaq Rural District Galikash District Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1221 in 255 families.
 Tharpu is a village development committee (VDC) in Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zagórów 18 km (11 mi) south of Słupca and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Badamloq (Persian: باداملق‎ also Romanized as Bādāmloq and Bādāmlūq) is a village in Zavarom Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 69 families.
 Esmail Kandi (Persian: اسمعيل كندي‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īl Kandī) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Jirestan (Persian: جيرستان‎ also Romanized as Jīrestān) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 25 families.
 Tang Ashkan (Persian: تنگ اشكن‎) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Ruydar District Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 10 families.
 Taineh (Persian: طاينه‎ also Romanized as Ţāīneh and Tā'īneh) is a village in Avalan Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 52 families.
 Peze e Madhe is a village in the municipality of Pezë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Rakówka [raˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Księżpol 17 km (11 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 95 km (59 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 541.
 Sieniawa [ɕeˈɲava] (Ukrainian: Синява Syniava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów within Krosno County Podkarpackie Province in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Rymanów 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Krosno and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Stare Olszyny [ˈstarɛ ɔlˈʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kurisoo is a village in Ambla Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Talu Kola (Persian: تلوكلا‎ also Romanized as Talū Kolā and Talū Kalā; also known as Tālū Kūlā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 50 families.
 Kaliwy [kaˈlivɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Madubashanipuram is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Biała [ˈbjawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzany within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dobrzany 28 km (17 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mahmudabad-e Kashantu (Persian: محمودابادكاشانتو‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Kāshāntū; also known as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 56 families.
 Świerzowa Ruska [ɕfʲɛˈʐɔva ˈruska] (Ukrainian: Свіржова Руська Svirzhova Rus’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Krempna 23 km (14 mi) south of Jasło and 68 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Darajendan (Persian: دراجن دن‎ also Romanized as Darājendan; also known as Darājīndān) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 38 families.
 Showqabad (Persian: شوق اباد‎ also Romanized as Showqābād; also known as ‘Eshqābād) is a village in Seyyed Shahab Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 47 families.
 Gornje Dragovlje is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
 Przejazdowo [pʂɛjazˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Pruszcz Gdański and 9 km (6 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 630.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] (German: Josefsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Babiak 19 km (12 mi) north of Koło and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 60.
 Ahmadabad-e Doorban (Persian: احمدآباد دوربن ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Krosino [krɔˈɕinɔ] (formerly German Grössin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Świdwin and 90 km (56 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 508.
 Ab-e Now (Persian: اب نو‎ also Romanized as Āb-e Now) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shahrenjan (Persian: شهرنجان‎ also Romanized as Shahrenjān) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 60 families.
 Turze Rogi [ˈtuʐɛ ˈrɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Łuków and 75 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 493.
 Żelisławie [ʐɛliˈswavjɛ] (German: Ravensberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Czaplinek 24 km (15 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 105 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 130.
 Manyu Banmauk is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Wiśniówek [viɕˈɲuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 127 km (79 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Kuriste is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Güzelköy is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the west of Göksu River valley. Its distance to Mut is 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 180 kilometres (110 mi). The population of the village was 226 as of 2012. Village economy depends of agriculture.
 Rustai-ye Huruiyeh (Persian: روستاي هوروئيه‎ also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Ḩūrū’īyeh) is a village in Nowdezh Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 20 families.
 Wymysłów [vɨˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Qeshlaq-e Hadli (Persian: قشلاق هدلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Hadlī) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Połęcze [pɔˈwɛnt͡ʂɛ] (German: Polenzhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Strmac (Serbian Cyrillic: Стрмац) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 296 people.
 Hoseynabad-e Ardeshiri (Persian: حسين اباد اردشيرئ‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Ārdeshīri; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 25 families.
 Tarampuk (Persian: ترامپوك‎ also Romanized as Tarāmpūk) is a village in Kahir Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Hoseyn Zehi (Persian: حسين زهي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Zehī Ḩoseyn Zāhī and Ḩoseyn-e Zehī; also known as Ḩoseyn-e Zāy Ḩoseyn Zā’ī and Husanzai) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 54 families.
 Lelići (Serbian Cyrillic: Лелићи) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village numbered 381 people.
 Sukhteh Kuh (Persian: سوخته كوه‎ also Romanized as Sūkhteh Kūh and Sookhteh Kooh) is a village in Dehshal Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 135 families.
 Clemmons is a village in Forsyth County North Carolina and a suburb of Winston-Salem. The population was 18627 at the 2010 census.
 Myaingtha is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Glina [ˈɡlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Solec nad Wisłą 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Lipsko and 136 km (85 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kikepera is a village in Surju Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Błoniec [ˈbwɔɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Kalam (Persian: كلم‎) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Ash Shutayfi is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Khar Gūneh (Persian: خرگونه) Khar Gooneh and Khar Gāneh) is a village in Abdan Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 13 families.
 Chahu (Persian: چاهو‎ also Romanized as Chāhū) is a village in Tarom Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Boręty Drugie [bɔˈrɛntɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Lichnowy 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Malbork and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 192.
 Risu-Suurküla is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Shahrak-e Paqalat (Persian: شهرك پاقلات‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Pāqalāt) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 19 families.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīdābād) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Sarli Makhtum (Persian: سارلي مختوم‎ also Romanized as Sārlī Makhtūm; also known as Sārlī Makhdūm) is a village in Aqabad Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1276 in 260 families.
 Stare Garnowo [ˈstarɛ ɡarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Ciechanów and 63 km (39 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Hoseynabad-e Mahlar-e Olya (Persian: حسين ابادمهلارعليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Mahlār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Mohlār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 28 families.
 Bozhurtsi (Bulgarian: Божурци) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It covers an area of 2.106 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 258 people.
 Nangla is a village in Mansa district of East Punjab (Indian Punjab).
 Sanagau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1871 living in 383 individual households.
 Ajami (Persian: عجمي‎ also Romanized as ʿAjamī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Marynin [maˈrɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Chynów 23 km (14 mi) east of Grójec and 41 km (25 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 Okole [ɔˈkɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Starogard Gdański and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sunrise Beach is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located on the western shore of Sandy Lake south of Sandy Beach.
 Stara Biała [ˈstara ˈbjawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Płock and 102 km (63 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kalirak (Persian: كليرك‎ also Romanized as Kalīrak) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 28 families.
 Sowlan (Persian: صولان‎ also Romanized as Şowlān) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Ardeshiri-ye Sofla (Persian: اردشيري سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ardeshīrī-ye Soflá; also known as Ardeshīrī-ye Ḩoseynābād and Ardeshīrī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 35 families.
 Lokys is an abandoned (according to the 2001 Lithuania Census.) village in Šilai eldership Jonava district municipality several kilometers north-east of Jonava by the Lokys River.
 Lebina is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 715 people.
 Gaguda is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2470 living in 478 individual households.
 Potrubowszczyzna [pɔtrubɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sidra 20 km (12 mi) north of Sokółka and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kostomłoty 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Środa Śląska and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Daukšiai is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 8 people.
 Obodowo [ɔbɔˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Sośno 12 km (7 mi) east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Kappanamangalam is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Zurabad (Persian: زوراباد‎ also Romanized as Zūrābād; also known as Zuhrābād) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2180 in 543 families.
 Rudkol (Persian: رودكل‎ also Romanized as Rūdkol and Rood Kal; also known as Rud-Gul and Rūd Kad) is a village in Kenar Sar Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 41 families.
 Folwark [ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 80.
 Zalesie Żurowskie [zaˈlɛɕɛ ʐuˈrɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarzecze within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 Gaviyeh (Persian: گاويه‎ also Romanized as Gāvīyeh) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 775 in 235 families.
 Kliniska Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Chodkowo Wielkie [xɔtˈkɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north of Maków Mazowiecki and 91 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Kapıköy Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 48 people.
 Bana Wala (sometimes spelled as Banawala or wrong as ਬਨਾ ਵਾਲਾ in Punjabi) is a small village in Mansa district of East Punjab (India). It has became a noted village of Punjab as a new Talwandi Sabo Power Plant with the capacity of 2640 megawatt is under construction here.
 Alikuh (Persian: اليكوه‎ also Romanized as Ālīkūh and ‘Ālī Kūh; also known as Ālkūh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2382 in 473 families.
 Florianów [flɔˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 17 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Talkhab-e Olya (Persian: تلخاب عليا‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 21 families.
 Shahrak-e Boniad (Persian: شهرك بنياد‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Bonīād) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 86 families.
 Falvashan (Persian: فالوشن‎ also Romanized as Fālvāshan) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Kulesze-Litewka [kuˈlɛʂɛ liˈtɛfka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Simli (Persian: سيملي‎ also Romanized as Sīmlī) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 33 families.
 Strupin Duży [ˈstrupʲin ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pokrówka 8 km (5 mi) south of Chełm and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bieżeń [ˈbjɛʐɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wręczyca Wielka 14 km (9 mi) south of Kłobuck and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 812.
 Tell al-Nabi Mando (Arabic: تل النبي مندو‎ also known Qadesh Arabic: قادش‎) is a village in central Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate located southwest of Homs. It is situated on the eastern banks of the Orontes River. Nearby localities include al-Houz to the north Kafr Mousa to the northeast Arjoun to the east al-Qusayr to the southeast Zita al-Gharbiyah to the southwest al-Aqrabiyah to the southwest and al-Naim to the northwest.
 Yeşiltepe is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Stoczek [ˈstɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stoczek. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Węgrów and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 890.
 Tang-e Hamgun (Persian: تنگ همگون‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Hamgūn; also known as Hongūn Tang-e Hangūn and Tang-e Hongūl) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 13 families.
 Kosančić (Serbian Cyrillic: Косанчић) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Vrbas municipality South Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 163 people (2002 census).
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 34 families.
 Baghwa is a village situated in the south and north corner of Saharsa district of north Indian stateBihar. It is the small village by population but its area is not small. Both side of village river flows named Satrath (Ganga) in east and Koshi in west so this village looks too beautiful. While Saharsa holds an important place in the Kosi division Baghwa is credited for its numerous contributions to the district.
 Nadstaw [ˈnatstaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Jutrosin 25 km (16 mi) east of Rawicz and 87 km (54 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Radar Station Mazandaran (Persian: ايستگاه رادار‎ – Īstgāh-e Rādār) is a village and military installation in Saheli Rural District in the Central District of Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 112 families.
 Dobrujevac (Serbian: Добрујевац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 388 people.
 Birodi Chhoti (Hindi: बिड़ोदी छोटी) or Bidodi Chhoti or Beerodi Chhoti is a village in the Laxmangarh administrative region of Sikar district of Indian state Rajasthan. Formerly known as Swami ki Birodi the village is 250 years old and lies 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Laxmangarh and 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of Nawalgarh.
 Nowe Chrostkowo [ˈnɔvɛ xrɔstˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrostkowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Chrostkowo 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Lipno and 48 km (30 mi) east of Toruń.
 Kańkowo-Piecki [kaɲˈkɔvɔ ˈpjɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Żelisławiczki [ʐɛliswaˈvit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Secemin 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Włoszczowa and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 310.
 Pieńki Szczepockie [ˈpjɛɲki ʂt͡ʂɛˈpɔt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszyna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kruszyna 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 87 km (54 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 81.
 Daulatpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3525 people living in 654 individual households.
 Wielowieś [vjɛˈlɔvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Sulęcin 39 km (24 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 52 km (32 mi) north of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 231.
 Bilew [ˈbilɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship located in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łask and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kırha is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 137 people.
 Mazraeh-ye Fadak (Persian: مزرعه فدك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Fadak; also known as Fadak) is a village in Palangabad Rural District Palangabad District Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Boruj Rah (Persian: بروج راه‎ also Romanized as Borūj Rāh; also known as Bojrā and Borj Rāh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Gurab (Persian: گوراب‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb; also known as Cheshmeh-ye Gūrāb) is the name of two villages in Iran: one in Malayer city Hamedan provience and the other in Dokuheh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pogorzel [pɔˈɡɔʐɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieck within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ab Khizuiyeh (Persian: ابخيزوييه‎ also Romanized as Āb Khīzūīyeh and Ābkhīzūeeyeh) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم آباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Saheb Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 75 families.
 Tarpak is a village in the District of İnhisar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 552 people.
 Miandeh (Persian: ميانده‎ also Romanized as Mīāndeh Meyāndeh and Mīyān Deh) is a village in Khosuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1385 in 289 families.
 Sebastianowo [sɛbastjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Książ Wielkopolski 17 km (11 mi) east of Śrem and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 131.
 Bazgard (Persian: بازگرد‎ also Romanized as Bāzgard; also known as Bāzgar and Bāzgīr) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 486 in 77 families.
 Weliwita Pahalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kołomia [kɔˈwɔmja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowe Ostrowy 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Kutno and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Showqabad (Persian: شوق اباد‎ also Romanized as Showqābād; also known as Shūkhābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 73 families.
 Ranastalam is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.There are some large scale industries in Ranasthalam mandal. Some large scale pharmaceutical industries are located at village Pydibhimavaram's industrial estate in Ranastalam mandal.Srikakulam is the closest major town to Ranastlam and the closest major city is Visakhapatnam.
 Kiviküla is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Veleniki is a village in Croatia.
 Palavathankattalai is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Rezqaneh (Persian: رزقانه‎ also Romanized as Rezqāneh and Razqāneh) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 91 families.
 Konak (Serbian Cyrillic: Конак) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Sečanj municipality Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The population of the village numbering 996 people (2002 census) including 401 Serbs(40.26%) 371 Hungarians(37.24%) and others.
 Klinovac is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 539 people.
 Marłuty [marˈwutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Korsze 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 100.
 Słomiana [swɔˈmjana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Słupia 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Końskie and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Nine Mile is a village in Saint Ann Parish Jamaica a few miles south of Brown's Town. On February 6 1945 the Reggae musician and peace activist Bob Marley was born there and later buried there.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kłoczew 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Ryki and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kurgan Kara-Tapa is a village in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Zabraniec [zaˈbraɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Wołomin and 25 km (16 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Kucze Małe [ˈkut͡ʂɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Jedwabne 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Łomża and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Qarah Darreh (Persian: قره دره‎ also Romanized as Qareh Darreh) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 84 families.
 Poborcze [pɔˈbɔrt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Zakrzewo 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Złotów and 117 km (73 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 220.
 Chanibeh-ye Do (Persian: چنيبه دو‎ also Romanized as Chanībeh-ye Do) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 29 families.
 Nea Nikomedeia (Greek: Νέα Νικομήδεια) is a village approximately 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) to the northeast of Veria in Imathia in the region of Central Macedonia in northern Greece. It is best known for the nearby Early Neolithic settlement one of the oldest in Europe.
 Sirivaram is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bellary taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Grójec Wielki [ˈɡrujɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Siedlec 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Wolsztyn and 74 km (46 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sokolnik [sɔˈkɔlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mrozy 17 km (11 mi) east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 56 km (35 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Javoni (Persian: جاوني‎ also Romanized as Jāvonī and Jāvanī) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 22 families.
 Raniżów [raˈniʐuf] is a village in Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Raniżów. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Kolbuszowa and 26 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2200.
 Darreh-ye Baruk (Persian: دره بروك‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Barūḵ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Aliabad-e Goldasht (Persian: علي آباد گلدشت‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Goldasht; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 21 families.
 Mikołajówek [mikɔwaˈjuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 320.
 Arkel is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Giessenlanden and lies about 3 km north of Gorinchem.Arkel is a former municipality. In 1986 it became part of Giessenlanden.In 2001 the village of Arkel had 2752 inhabitants.
 Torbeh-ye Shaali (Persian: تربه شاعلي‎ also Romanized as Torbeh-ye Shāʿalī) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Rigestan Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chapri is a village and union council of the Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
 for the town in China see Yatan AnhuiYatan (Persian: ياتان‎ also Romanized as Yātān) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 764 in 218 families.
 Donji Srebrenik is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Oruçlu is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Nowe Ludzicko [ˈnɔvɛ luˈd͡ʑit͡skɔ] (German: Neu Lutzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Połczyn-Zdrój 19 km (12 mi) east of Świdwin and 106 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 280.
 Jaczew [ˈjat͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Korytnica 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Barbhanjyang is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5388 people living in 1048 individual households.
 Grabowiec [ɡraˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Chmielnik and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 310.
 Shahr Dar-e Bala (Persian: شهردربالا‎ also Romanized as Shahr Dar-e Bālā; also known as Shahr Dar and Shahr-i-dār) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 82 families.
 Qanatabad (Persian: قنات اباد‎ also Romanized as Qanātābād) is a village in Dehpir Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 96 families.
 Anjutagi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Indi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Mazraeh-ye Vali Mohammad Qohrmani (Persian: مزرعه ولي محمدقهرماني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Valī Moḩammad Qohrmānī) is a village in Fasarud Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Gleedsville is an unincorporated village in Loudoun County Virginia. Gleedsville lies south of Leesburg on Gleedsville Road. According to the Geographic Names Information System the village has also been known as Leedsville.
 Lavegahau is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Mua District on the east coast of Wallis Island. Its population according to the 2008 census was 359 people.
 Żerniki Górne [ʐɛrˈniki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kossaki-Ostatki [kɔsˈsaki ɔsˈtatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Rutki-Kossaki 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Gowhar (Persian: گوهر‎ also Romanized as Guhar; also known as Kokhar) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 741 in 205 families.
 Lwangghale is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4758 persons living in 973 individual households.
 Josephville is a village in St. Charles County Missouri United States. The population was 376 at the 2010 census.
 Latosówka [latɔˈsufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Mstów 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 71 km (44 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 180.
 Tomullu is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Salpik [ˈsalpik] (German Salpkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Kętrzyn and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Subramanyapuram (சுப்பிரமணியபுரம் in Tamil) is a small village located near Sathan Kulam Thoothukudi district Tamil Nadu. It is about 4 km to the east of Sathan Kulam towards Thattar Madam.
 Baleh Bazan (Persian: بله بزان‎ also Romanized as Baleh Bazān; also known as Baleh Bazār) is a village in Howli Rural District in the Central District of Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Subocka is a village in Croatia.
 Ali Aqai-ye Bala-ye Bani Chenur (Persian: علي اقايي بالايي باني چنور‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Āqā'ī-ye Bālā-ye Bānī Chenūr; also known as ‘Alī Āqā'ī-ye Bālā) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Pisarovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of General Toshevo in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Koilaragatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Sheykh Hasan (Persian: شيخ حسن‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩasan; also known as Bīvehnīj and Shaikhan) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 18 families.
 Stara Brzeźnica [ˈstara bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Nowa Brzeźnica 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Pajęczno and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 443.
 Knockbridge (Irish: Droichead an Chnoic) is a small village within the townland of Ballinlough (Baile an Locha) in County Louth Ireland.
 Kllojke is a village in the municipality of Bërzhitë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Postoljani (Serbian: Постољани) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chah-e Hajji Mirza Hasan (Persian: چاه حاجي ميرزاحسن‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩājjī Mīrzā Ḩasan) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qasrik-e Sofla (Persian: قصريك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qaşrīk-e Soflá; also known as Qaşrīk) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 54 families.
 Prądzona [prɔnˈd͡zɔna] (Kashubian: Prãdzonô) is a village in Gmina Lipnica Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Bytów and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It had a population of 159 in 2006.
 Omm ol Sakhar (Persian: ام الصخر‎ also Romanized as Omm ol Şakhar and Omm oş Şakhar) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District Moshrageh District Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 542 in 101 families.
 Księżpol [ˈkɕɛ̃ʂpɔl] is a village in Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Księżpol. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1145.
 Karageorgievo is a village in the municipality of Aytos in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Lukh (Persian: لوخ‎ also Romanized as Lūkh) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 18 families.
 Zawistowszczyzna [zavistɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sokółka and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.Since March 2007 the sołtys (village chief) is Dr. Mohamed Ali Al-Hameri a gynaecologist born in Yemen who came to Poland in 1983 to study medicine.
 Porathissery is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Aitit is a village located in South Lebanon near Qana. All of Aitit's residents are primarily Shiite Muslims and the absolute most are firm supporters of Hezbollah.
 Murkowo [murˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Cheshmeh-ye Shah Qoli (Persian: چشمه شاه قلي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Shāh Qolī and Cheshmeh Shāh Qolī) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 58 families.
 Noordwolde (West Frisian: Noardwâlde) is a village in Weststellingwerf in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 3789 citizens (2008).Traditionally known as the reed weaving village of the Netherlands today Noordwolde has a lot more to offer than its rich history and the renowned National Museum of Weaving.Noordwolde offers a wide variety of scenery for both walkers and cyclists and for recreation on the water.
 Buena Esperanza is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Piotry [ˈpjɔtrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Krasna [ˈkrasna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Stąporków 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Końskie and 22 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Nelliampathi (also spelled Nelliampathy) is a hill station 60 kilometres (37 mi) from Palakkad in Kerala India. It is surrounded by tea and coffee plantations. The village has its own gram panchayat and forms a part of the Chittur taluk.
 Stare Rybie [ˈstarɛ ˈrɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 332.
 Goszów [ˈɡɔʂuf] (German: Gompersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Stronie Śląskie 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-east of Kłodzko and 93 kilometres (58 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Googal sometimes spelled as Google (Kannada: ಗೂಗಲ್ ) is a village in the Devadurga taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka state India. Googal is located on the banks of Krishna River. Googal is famous for its cave temple dedicated to Sri Allama Prabhu. Legend has it that Googal derives its name from kooguva kallu (singing stone) rocks that produce sound when river water strikes them. Googal is 50 km from district headquarters Raichur and lies in Northwest direction.
 Čilec is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Kartich Kola (Persian: كرتيچ كلا‎ also Romanized as Kartīch Kolā) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 81 families.
 Gol Mohammad Langeh (Persian: گل محمدلنگه‎ also Romanized as Golmohammad Lengeh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 16 families.
 Kahriz (Persian: كهريز‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz; also known as Kahrīz-e Tūsak and Kahrīz Tūsk) is a village in Jowzan Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 51 families.
 Olukkoyağı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Toros Mountains at 37°14′N 34°41′E . Its distance to Tarsus is 68 kilometres (42 mi) and to Mersin is 93 kilometres (58 mi). The population of village was 626 as of 2011. There is a trout farm in the location named Papazınbahçesi for production of a trout specie named salma trıutta.
 Radoszki [raˈdɔʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartniczka within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 800.
 Sahiyara is one of the Village in Bathnaha Tehsil in Sitamarhi in Bihar State. Sahiyara is 18.1 km far from its District Main City Sitamarhi. It is 132 km far from its State Main City Patna.Nearest Towns are Majorganj (4.8 k.m.) Riga (11.9 k.m.) Suppi(13.5 k.m.) Sonbarsa(14.3 k.m.) Bairaha Barahi Jiwa Bathnaha Pashchimi Dayanchhapra Digghi Harnahiya Kamaldah are the villages along with this village in the same Bathanaha TehsilSahiyara Pin Code is 843332 and Post office name is .
 Raciborowice Dolne [rat͡ɕibɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) east of Warta Bolesławiecka 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Bolesławiec and 93 km (58 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chah Gach-e Sofla (Persian: چاه گچ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chāh Gach-e Soflá; also known as Chāh Gachī) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 25 families.
 Witkowo [vitˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Cheshmeh Mahi (Persian: چشمه ماهي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Māhī; also known as Sāmān) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 816 in 161 families.
 Sharfeh (Persian: شرفه‎) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 604 in 133 families.
 Veliki Šenj is a village in the municipality of Stragari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 350 people.
 Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Oporów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Kutno and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hanza (Persian: هنزا‎ also Romanized as Hanzā; also known as Hamza) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 17 families.
 Quảng Hợp is a commune (xã) and village in Quảng Trạch District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Gezar Darreh (Persian: گزردره‎ also Romanized as Gozar Dareh and Gozar Darreh; also known as Gizar Darreh and Gorīz Darreh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tilan (Persian: تيلان‎ also Romanized as Tīlān) is a village in Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 649 in 149 families.
 Seydabad (Persian: صيداباد‎ also Romanized as Şeydābād; also known as Şeydābād-e Rūdkhāneh) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 11 families.
 Isa Khandaq (Persian: عيسي خندق‎ also Romanized as ‘Īsá Khandaq) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 696 in 185 families.
 Donje Makojišće is a village in Croatia.
 Bierum is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is a part of the municipality of Delfzijl and lies about 27 km northeast of Groningen.Bierum was a separate municipality until 1990 when it was merged with Delfzijl.In 2001 the village of Bierum had 610 inhabitants.
 Neyzar (Persian: ني زار‎ also Romanized as Neyzār; also known as Neyār and Nīza) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Larem (Persian: لارم‎ also Romanized as Lārem) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pancharukhi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3539 people living in 595 individual households.
 Marlinowo [marliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dubeninki 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Gołdap and 141 km (88 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Desk (Persian: دسك‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 20 families.
 Tavakkolabad (Persian: توكل اباد‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Darbid (Persian: دربيد‎ also Romanized as Darbīd and Dar Bīd) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 46 families.
 Moghamir (Persian: مغامير‎ also Romanized as Moghāmīr) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 59 families.
 Kavireh Guyez (Persian: كويره گويز‎ also Romanized as Kavīreh Gūyez; also known as Kavereh Gowz) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 202 in 33 families.
 Lgota [ˈlɡɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłobuck within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Kłobuck and 68 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 522.
 Bylica [bɨˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Postomino 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Sławno and 176 km (109 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kakoli (Persian: كاكلي‎ also Romanized as Kākolī; also known as Kākūlī) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 40 families.
 Blace (Serbian: Блаце) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pniewite [pɲɛˈvitɛ] (German: Pniewitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Chełmno and 33 km (21 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 410.
